This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that following asthma education to be effective in reducing the risk of future hospital admissions and future visits to the emergency department. There were no data on the effect of the education on other markers (elevation of symptoms, rescue medication use, airway pressure, airways closure, lung function, and lung function) and there was no difference in the number of children who had an asthma flare-up.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence was current to January 2019. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and reduced pain by 16% at 24 hours and by 5% at 48 hours. We also found that ketamine reduces pain by 8 mg morphine equivalent over 24 hours, and reduces opioid consumption by 13 mg. We were able to combine the results of 65 studies, which showed that intravenously administered ketamine was effective in reducing pain by 19% to 19% more than placebo (a dummy pill). We found evidence that intravenial ketamine is effective in decreasing pain at 24 and 48 hours after surgery, and reducing pain during movements by 14% to 16% (moderate-quality evidence). We did find evidence that ketamines reduced nausea and vomiting after surgery by 23% to 27% (high-quality and moderate-quality results, respectively). We were unable to analyse the effects of ketamines on the number of people who experienced CNS (neck and neck) adverse events. We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of small-study effects or because the number was too small. We rated the quality as high for pain at the rest of the operation, moderate for pain during the operation and pain at 48 and 24 hours after the operation (high for pain), and very low for nausea and nausea after the surgery (moderate quality evidence). The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were too small to detect differences between studies.
This review of five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants found that the MSP2 (Combined B-MSP2) vaccine reduces the number of children who develop clinical malaria, but the vaccine is MSP1-type. The MSP 2 vaccine is not effective in children with blood-stark malaria, and the MSA vaccine is more effective in those with blood stage malaria. The vaccine is administered in children who are not immune to malaria, so it is not possible to know whether it is effective in preventing malaria.
This review of four randomised trials, involving 125 participants, found that there was some evidence that electrical field therapy may be helpful in the treatment of long-bone fracture. The trials were of small size, but the results were not conclusive. There was no reduction in pain. One study found two small side effects. The results of this review are inconclusive. More research is needed.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 patients. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopical laparectomy for cholecochlecovaginae (a type of chole cystitis), and one trial did not provide this data. The trials were of low risk-bias. The age of the patients in the trials ranged from 48 years to 63.5 years. The average age of participants in the studies ranged between 48 years and 63 years. Nine of the 12 trials included women. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. The average length of hospital stay was shorter in the drain group than in the no drain group. The operating time was longer in the 'drain' group than the 'no drain' group. There was no significant difference between the drain and no drain groups in the number of deaths in the short-term (less than one month) or in the total number of serious adverse events. There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of the number or length of the time patients spent in hospital. There is no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and the safe use of these Chinese herbs for treating diabetic neuropathy. Most of the trials were of low quality. There was no well-conducted, well-designed, randomised, placebo-control trial with outcome measures.
This review included five randomized controlled studies involving 1382 patients. All the included studies had relatively small numbers of patients, were of short-term (less than three months) and involved advanced prostate cancer. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score of 6 or higher, the IAS group had a lower risk of biochemical progression than the CAS group. One study (N = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between the IAs and CAS group, with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the Ias group. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). Data from RCTs comparing IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short duration. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific and disease progression. Limited evidence suggests Ias may have a slightly reduced side effects.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 participants. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion. One trial compared the use of an IUD with either a delay (up to one month) or an immediate insertion (up until one month after abortion). The evidence is current to August 2015. The evidence shows that IUD use and expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortion compared to delayed insertion of IUD. However, at six months postabortion, IUD usage is higher following immediate insertion compared to a delayed insertion, and that Iud use is higher after insertion compared with delayed insertion at this time. The quality of evidence was moderate. The main limitation of the evidence was that the number of studies was small and the quality of the trials was moderate, which means that the results may not be reliable.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study but only 42 remained in it throughout the six-month follow- up. The trial did not provide any details on the average age and sex. The study found that patients who were meditated on a spiritual-based approach to their practice had a higher level (higher scores) for their quality-of life than those who were not. The level of depression was also lower in those who practised the practice, but the effect of this on overall survival, tiredness, anxiety, sleep, and side effects were not assessed. We found no evidence that the practice of meditating in haematological cancer patients improved overall survival. We judged the quality and quantity (the overall body) of the evidence as 'low', as the trial was small, and the results were not published in a way that we could use to assess the effects. We are uncertain as to how the study was conducted, as the results of the trial were not reported. We also found no data on side-effects. We rated the quality of the included trial as 'high', as we found that the trial had a high risk of bias, as it did not report all the details of the way it was carried out, which could have led to bias.
We found three trials involving 110 children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of treatment and the way the children's health was measured. The three trials were not suitable for meta-analysing. Overall, 13 out of 56 children (23%) developed a case of varicella, and 42 out of 54 people (78%) did. Of the people who developed variceella, 13 had mild disease (with less than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most children received PEP within three days following exposure; too few people were vaccinated four to five days after exposure to be able to determine whether or not the vaccine reduced the number of cases. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest varicell vaccine administered within three day to children following household contact with a varicea case reduces infection rates and severity of cases, but the safety of the vaccine was not adequately addressed. We found no trials for adolescents or adults.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants. Eleven trials compared different antibiotics to each other. The trials were conducted in adults without malignancies. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic regimens in four of the trials (three trials that had reported mortality and one other trial). None of the other trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people had MRSA due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there were not significant differences between the groups in the proportion of people who developed SSI. In one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, the proportion (19/478 (4.5%), 19/478 people developed MRSA infections including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia. There was no significant difference in the percentage of people developing MRSA infection at any body site in these two comparisons. In two trials that compared MRSA-related infections other than SSI with placebo, 19/479 (4%) people developing SSIs including SSIs, chest infections and bacterasies. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple prophylactic antibiotics or administering prophyleactic antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery in terms of reducing MRSA bacterial infections. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotic treatments are necessary on this topic.
We found two small randomised trials (116 women) that compared planned home care with planned home versus home care. The number of women included in each trial was too small to be sure that the two groups were similar. The trials did not have enough women to be able to assess the effects of home care on the health of the babies. There was no evidence of any difference in the risk of death of the baby in one of the two studies. There were no data on the risk or safety of the mothers' health. There is some evidence that women who were given home care were more likely to be given a cesarean birth. Mothers who were care at home spent 10 fewer days in the hospital, were more satisfied with their care, and had lower costs. The review found no evidence that home care was better than home care in terms of the number of babies born to mothers who died, the number that died, and the number who were admitted to hospital. The results of the review should be viewed with some care.
The review of trials found that the two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often studied are non-absorbable (non-absolve) and absorbable (absorb) suture. These two methods are similar in terms of wound infection, pain, cosmease and cosmeasis. The two methods were also similar in the other outcomes, such as wound infection. The review found that for both of these two methods, it is not clear how the skin should be re-closed.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four trials looked at a black tea treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The results showed that green tea reduced blood cholesterol and blood pressure by 0.43 mmol/L and 0.64 mmol/l, respectively, over six months. Green tea also reduced total cholesterol by 0.62 mmol/dL, LDL cholesterol by 1.64 mmHg and blood hypertension by 2.18 mmHG. The effects of both tea types were found to be favourable for blood cholesterol, blood pressure and total cholesterol. However, the small number of trials contributing to each analysis meant that the results should be treated with some caution. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but due to the small numbers of trials contributed to each of the analyses, the results of this review should be taken with caution. Further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
The purpose of this review was therefore to assess the effectiveness of azathiprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. Two small randomised controlled trials were included in the review. Both trials recruited 23 participants. Participants may have been suffering from asthma and had other chronic lung disease. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the study. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of azithioprine in chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for this review. The majority of studies were carried out in participants with breast cancer. We found that exercise on fatigue was beneficial for individuals with breast and prostate cancer, but not for those with blood cancers. We also found that people with cancer who were given an exercise programme were more likely to be able to perform their usual exercise routine. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of an exercise program on cancer-related tiredness. We are not sure if an active treatment is better than no treatment. We need more research to answer this question.
We searched for evidence on 5 January 2016 and found five trials with 3427 participants. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) with HL. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The evidence is current to January 2016. The review found that patients treated with advanced HL who had been diagnosed with advanced disease after first-line chemotherapy had a higher survival rate (OS) compared to patients treated without advanced disease. However, the evidence was of low quality. The survival advantage was not seen in patients with advanced cancer. The addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients who had their treatment escalated had a better survival rate. However the trial was too small to be able to show a difference in the number of patients who died. The EORC 20012 study did not report quality of life, so we could not assess this. The quality of the evidence for survival was high for patients with HL who were treated with escalated chemotherapy. The overall quality of evidence for the other outcomes was low or very low. The main reasons for this were that the trials were small and the results were not consistent. The included trials were too small and had a high risk of bias. The results of this review are based on five trials, which included a total of 3427 people. The majority of the trials included adults with advanced and advanced HL. We found that people treated with accelerated chemotherapy had better survival compared to those treated with conventional chemotherapy. However this finding is based on only five trials. The number of people who died was low and the quality of this evidence was low. There was no evidence for a difference between the two groups for treatment-related deaths. The analysis of the E ORTC 20011 trial showed no evidence of a difference for treatment related deaths. There is no evidence that the increased survival of patients with accelerated treatment increases the risk of developing second solid tumours. However there is low-quality evidence that this may be
We included studies that compared a variety of interventions, such as psycho-educations, physical, psycho-empowerments, patient counselling, patient-centre-centred therapies, or multidimensional therapies. We found that psycho-editions were as good as care as care, but not as good at improving the quality of life. We did find that there was no difference in the effect of the psycho-teachments on the patient's quality-of- life. In one study, breast cancer patients were given a programme of physical training. We could not find studies on the effects of the vocational therapies. In five studies, multiddimensional therapies were combined. We were able to combine the results of these five trials and we found that multidensional therapies led to a higher rate of RTW than care. We also found that the multidonal therapies led a higher number of patients to have a higher level of RTw than care as a whole. We rated the quality as low for the psychoeducations. We judged the quality to be low for other outcomes. We graded the overall quality of the studies as low or very low. We considered the quality for the other outcome of RTWs as low.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women. The trials were conducted between 2004 and 2013 in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a Scottish government agency. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interests. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found no new trials in this update. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that women should be informed that admission CTGs increase the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on how well women monitor their own health and on whether they use appropriate methods to monitor their babies. However the findings will have relevance for countries where questions are being asked about the role of the admissionCTG.
We found 32 randomised controlled studies that compared different types of culture media. Seventeen studies randomised 3666 women (3666 eggs) and three randomised IVF or ICSI cycles (1018 eggs). The evidence was current to May 2013. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to April 2013. There was no evidence of a difference between the media used in the studies. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One study found that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. The quality of the evidence was low. Four of the studies found no evidence that the media compared made any difference to the number of women who had a live birth or ongoing pregnancy. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of any difference between any of the culture media used. None were able to report on the health of the babies. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communication in informing breast cancer patients of their cancer status. The review found no randomised trials of methods for communication of a cancer screening test. The search strategies of the search strategy found 2847 citations but there were three duplicates of the same article in 27 of the 27 papers which meant that the search could not be used. The authors have not been able to draw any firm conclusions as there were no randomized trials of ways of communication to inform breast cancer survivors. The reviewers have therefore suggested that it is perhaps not ethical to randomise breast cancer women at a time when they are most at risk, such as when they have not yet been given a cancer test, to have a trial of methods to inform them of their breast tumour status.
We included 17 studies with 1006 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The interventions included a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was delivered in a group of people with NSCP. The intervention was compared with a control group that received no intervention. The results showed that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of chest-free days up to three months following the intervention, which is a measure of the number days without chest pain. There is no evidence of effect of treatment on the severity of chest pains up to one year after the treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The included studies were of variable quality and the number and duration of the interventions varied. The wide variability in the outcomes of interest made it difficult to combine the results of the studies. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, there were differences between the studies in terms of the way the studies were carried out and the way they were reported. Therefore, caution is required in interpreting the results. Further studies of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants. The trials compared anti-histamines and mast cells stabilisers with a placebo (disease-free treatment), no treatment, or with other treatments. The following drugs were included: nedOCromil, nesocromile, bepotaste, bechocromil sodium, sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine (or levocabastine), levocade, mequitazine, bepitastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, levocadastine and pemirolast potassium. The evidence is current to September 2014. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamines reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti- and mast cell stabilisers treatment. Overall, topical antihirsutism and mastcell stabilisers appear to be safe and well tolerated.
We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria and one is still ongoing. The studies were conducted in the USA and were based in Native American populations. The two studies were designed to reduce the uptake of tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. One study was conducted in a skills-community group and the other in a control group. Both studies were funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and both were funded in part by the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The studies did not show any difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up. The second study found positive changes in tobacco use in the intervention arm at six months follow up. Both of the studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth in this area. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this field.
We found one trial involving 72 women with sickle cell disease (HbSS) that compared giving pre-pregnancy blood transfusions to prevent blood loss to prevent death or serious illness to prevent the mother from dying. The trial was at an unclear risk of bias. The included trial did not report on any of the outcomes that we were looking for. We found no clear evidence that pre-preventive (prophylactic) blood transfusion to prevent or reduce the risk of death or the risk for any of these outcomes. We did not find any clear evidence of any clear clinical benefit of pre-prophylectal (pro-pregnant) blood donations compared with selective blood transf transfusions. We also found no evidence that giving preoperative blood transfused women with HbSC or HbSβThal (HBS) before the baby is born reduced the risk that the baby would have a pain crisis or the need for a blood transfuse. We could not identify any clear differences in the number of women who developed acute splenic sequestration (a blockage of the blood vessels), haemolytic crises (blood clotting) or delayed blood transfusing reaction (a delay in giving blood). We found very low-quality evidence that prophylactically giving preprophyles to prevent bleeding to prevent maternal death or prevent the baby from developing acute splenitis (blood clots) was no better than giving blood transfuses to prevent clotting. We were unable to identify any other relevant maternal outcomes that were pre-specified for this review. We are unable to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 people. A total of 5771 people provided data for one or more outcomes in 64 trials. The evidence is current to May 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The majority of the trials were of small size and involved people with a diagnosis of liver disease. The main outcomes were blood transfusion (proportion) and complications, which were higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the control group. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfused blood was higher in people receiving low central pressure and low central blood pressure plus low venous blood flow, blood transfusions were lower in people undergoing low central flow plus low central vein blood flow and blood transfuses, and blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time were lower with low central pressures than with control. The only difference between the two groups of people was in the number of complications, with complications higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. The studies were small and the sample size was small. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution since the quality of evidence was very low. The review authors recommend that radiofrequency dissections should not be used outside the clinical trial setting.
This review aimed to find out which treatments are the best for PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. The review found that there is some evidence that the combination of PUVA and retinoids is better than the different treatments. However, there is no evidence that PUVA is better or worse than the other treatments. There is also some evidence to suggest that the use of steroid cream under hydrocolloid (skin) occlusion is effective. It would also seem that ciclosporin, t-tetracycline (a type of antibiotic), low dose ciclocephine (an antifungal), and low dose gensin-conjugate (a drug that blocks the growth of blood clots) may be useful in the treatment of P PP. Colchicine (another drug) has a lot of side-effects. There was no clear evidence that short-term treatment with hydrocarbonate (hydroxylcarbamide), a drug that is used in the short- and long- term treatment of pustule disease, is an effective short- term therapy. There were no clear results for the long- and short-lasting treatment with corticosteroids. There are no standard methods for assessing the response to the treatment, and the results of the trials were not consistent.
We found nine trials that evaluated five drugs within the loop diuretic class (fursemide 40 mg/day, cicletanine 100 mg to150 mg, piretanide 3 mg/6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg/d, inda enantiomers 200 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to January 2014. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect of loop diurestics was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2) mm Hg. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. The dose-ranging effects of loop duretics could not be evaluated. The quality of evidence for both systols and diastolic (lower blood pressure) blood pressure estimates was low due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias. We found no clinically meaningful blood pressure differences between different drugs within loop diurtics class. The review did not provide a good estimate of harms associated with loop diorttics because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in many of the studies.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intra-percutaneous (in the stomach) local anaesthetist (1558) versus no treatment (1291) contributed data to one of the outcomes. Most of the trials were at risk of bias. All the trials but three were at high risk. There were differences in the methods and types of the local anesthetists (elevators, bups, and/or a camera) and the time (before or just after) of the removal (laparoscopically) of gallbladders. There was no death in the eight trials that reported deaths. One person in the control (no treatment) group died. One patient in the group that had an anesthete (bump) in the stomach (4/236 (0%) versus 0/210 (0%). One person experienced a serious complication (4% in the local anaesthetic group versus 1/236 in the no treatment group). The remaining trials did not report the overall complication rate. Three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no complications during the local surgical procedure. Twenty trials reported that no serious complications occurred in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthesia instillation. None of the studies reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The effect of local anaesthesiologists on the proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention. The length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the anaesthetic instillation group than the control group at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. The overall pain scores were significantly reduced in the pain scores at four and nine to eight hour. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up to
We identified 74 studies that compared the sensitivity and accuracy (or both) of all three antigens (HRP-2, pLDH, pL-2) with each other, with each of the other antigents. We found 74 studies, which were of high quality. We grouped the studies according to the type of antigen they tested. We identified 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, 8 evaluations (of which 71 were of pLDh) of Type 2 tests, and 5 evaluations ( of both pLD h) of the three antibodies. We also found 17 assessments (17 of which we could not use) of p LDH antibody- based RDTs, three of which (in addition) were of the pLD-2 antigen. We combined the results of 71 of these studies, and we found 95% of the studies to be of high or very high quality, and 95% to 95% were of good quality. The sensitivity and specificity of all the antigener tests was such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with P. malaria would be 34 with Type 1 and nine with Type 4 tests. If the point estimates for Type 1 or Type 4 are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have P. florengitis falcidum, then 30% will be wrongly diagnosed as having P. florengococcus falcis, and the number of cases will be 26. The quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. Overall, HRP-1 antibody-based tests tended to be more sensitive and were significantly less specific than pLD H antibody-bacteria tests (such as the Type 4
We found five studies that tested the effects of short-term changes in the length of time doctors' patients are seen for primary care. All were conducted in UK, and all were of short term. The studies were conducted between 2000 and 2004. We are uncertain whether short-lived changes in appointment length increase primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. None of the studies reported on the effects on the amount of time physicians spent on the phone or in the waiting room. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering the length or number of primary care physicians' consultations. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
We found three small trials that compared high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were from developed countries and none were from developing countries. The trials were conducted in developed countries, all were of high quality, all had been ART experienced, and all had had virolic suppressors for a long time. A total of 157 people were recruited to the trials. The sample size of the studies ranged from 24 to 92. The studies were at a high risk of bias due to the way the studies were designed, and the way they were reported. The results of single studies were not pooled. There was no clear difference in virolicity in the studies. Symptom-free growth was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 study. No adverse events were reported in the study. The high- dose trials showed a decrease in bone mineral and fat levels, and a decrease of bone and muscle fat. The low dose trials did not show a clear advantage in virologic efficacy or side effects. The three trials did, however, have a high drop-out risk of side effects, which is a problem in the low- and middle dose trials.
We included 10 trials with 16 58 participants. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in death rates in the intensive care unit (ICU) and in the 28-day period (28 days) without increasing the risk of death in hospital. Data from four trials (1450 participants) and pooled data from four studies (1313 participants) did not show a difference in in-hospital mortality. Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma (bronchial sepsis). We found significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials. Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included an "open lung ventilation" strategy, whereby the intervention group differed from the control group in aspects of the ventilation strategy (including co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), making interpretation of the results difficult. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-co-intervention as part in an open-lung ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome.
This review aimed to assess the effects of psychological treatments for asthma. Fifteen studies were included in the review. The studies were of poor quality and the number of participants was small. However, some of the results were mixed. The review found that relaxation therapy may have a positive effect in reducing the use of asthma medications, but the effect on lung function was not significant. There was no difference in lung rate or airway pressure in people who had received CBT. People who had CBT had a better level of lung function than those who had not. People in the CBT group had a higher level than those in the group who had no CBT, but this may be due to the fact that the studies were not well designed. People with an asthma attack may have better levels of peak airway flow in people given a CBT treatment than those not given CBT but this was not clear. People taking CBT did not have a better lung rate, but there was a difference in the amount that people in the control group had. People on CBT were more likely to be able to breathe more clearly and to have a higher peak air flow. People using CBT also had a lower peak peak airflow than people not taking CBBT. People not taking a CBBT were more able to breath more clearly. People also had more good breath in people not using CBTs. People were more willing to take their prescribed medications. People's asthma attacks were no worse or worse than people who did not take CBT or no treatment. People given CBBT had a slightly lower peak airways pressure than people given no treatment, but it was not clearly different from people not receiving no treatment at all. People receiving CBT seemed to have better quality of life than people receiving no therapy. People following CBT may have had a significantly lower peak breath flow than people taking no treatment and people receiving CBBT may have been more likely than people in people receiving placebo. However the
We included 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall, in this review. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The majority of studies compared antidepressants with benzodiazepines. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference between antidepressants and benzodiazapine in terms of response rate. We also found low quality evidence suggesting that benzodizapine was better tolerated than antidepressants in terms to the number of patients experiencing adverse effects. We did not find any evidence that benzidiazepines were better tolerated. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included studies were small and the majority of them enrolled only a small number of participants. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. In general, based on the results of the current review, the possible role of antidepressants and/or benzodaziazepines should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice of which antidepressant and/ or benzodazine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of antidepressants or benzidiazapines efficacy and tolerability, including data from placebo-controlled studies, as a whole. Data on long-term tolerability issues associated with antidepressants and Benzodiazepine exposure should also be carefully considered. The present review highlights the need for further higher-quality studies comparing antidepressants with Benzodiazabine, which should be conducted with high-quality methods and including pragmatic outcome measures to provide clinicians with useful and practical data. Data from the present in this systematic review will be included in a network meta-analysis of psychopharmacological treatment in panic disorder, which will hopefully provide further useful information on this issue.
This review of trials found that there is a lack of evidence to support the use of metal stents in patients with distal obstructive jaundice. However, there is some support for the use in some patients that metal stent may be more effective than plastic stents. There is no clear support that metal is better than plastic.
We included five studies that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation or Dopple-ear guidance. Four studies compared ultrasound with palpate, and one study tested Doppler audio assist. We found that ultrasound guidance improves first- and second-trick catheters in paediatric patients. We did not find any studies that looked at the rate of complications. We also found that the first-trampusment of the cathets was more likely to be successful with the use of ultrasonography (a type of ultrasound). We found no studies that measured the rate or complications of ischaemic shock. We rated the evidence as of high- to very high- quality. We included five randomized trials with 444 catheter-assisted cathests. We were able to combine the results from four of the five studies, which were of good quality. The results of the studies showed that the use and application of ultrasnarrowing guidance for catheting the catharynx is more likely than the use or application of Doppling audio assist to improve first-tampusments. We could not tell if the first time cathetic cathetters were used, or if the second time catheter-assisted were more successful. We do not know if the use is more effective in infants and small children, who are more likely at first to be more likely for cathaling. We are not sure if the knowledge of the clinician is a factor. We judged the quality of the evidence to be of high for all of the main outcome measures. We downgraded the quality to low for the other outcome of interest, which was the rate, and we found that there were too few studies to be certain of the results.
We included one small randomised trial (80 male student participants from the Netherlands and published 2009) and three studies (80 men from the US, UK and Canada conducted in the 1970s and 80s). The studies evaluated the effects of alcohol advertising restrictions on consumption. The studies were conducted in general population studies in general populations. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent. The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men exposed with a high-alcohol consumption (mean difference (MD) -0.65 drinks; 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.2, -0.07; p value = 0.03). Young men exposed in the ITS studies drank less (MD -073 drinks; 94% CI -1,30, -1.16; p values = 0.01, very-low-quality evidence). Outcomes were assessed immediately after the end of the intervention (lasting 1.5 hours), so no follow-up data were available. The three ITS study evaluated a different type of ban (partial or full) compared with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions during the control period. The findings from the two studies that evaluated the implementation of a ban showed that people consuming beer increased by 1.10% following the ban. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In the study evaluating the lifting of a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertisement to a partial ban on spirits advertising only, which utilised an Abrupt Auto-regressive (GRADE) model, the volume of all forms (11.11 kilolitres) of alcohol sales decreased by 11.11 kilograms per month after the ban was lifted. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month by 14.89 kilolitre and 1.15 kilolitare, respectively, and spirits sales decreased statistically significantly by 22.49 kilolitere.
This review of trials found no difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, short-lived growth, or incidence. There was no evidence of difference in short-time growth, long-term development, or adverse effects. There is conflicting data (two studies), as to whether infants with LCT are more or less likely to have a high MCT or LTC tolerance. There were no studies that looked at long-time development. The review found no clear evidence of a difference in the risk of NEC (Necrotizing enterococciitis), short- and long-lasting growth, and adverse effects of MCT versus LCT. There are no studies looking at long term growth or development.
We found one small trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion (with room-time amnion) with no amnioplusion. The trial was at a high-risk of bias, due to small sample size, inconsistent results, and lack of blinding. Transcervical (with fluid) is a type of amniotropin and is given by a catheters placed in the uterus. The amnioscope (the cathets) is placed in a vein in both the uterus (the perineal canal), and the bladder (the ureter). The trial did not use transabdomine amniotic fluid (transfers of fluid through the abdomen). The ammiotropine (amnio-infusion), which is a drug that is given through a vein, was given by an intravenous (injecting) saline into the ureters (the veins) at 10 mL per minute (or 3 mL perminute) for 60 to 90 minutes until delivery. The women were followed up for between one and three weeks. The study did not report on the number of babies who died or had severe complications (such as brain damage, bleeding in the brain, or admission to intensive/high care). The study also did not provide information on the rate of caesarean section. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review found no evidence that amnoid amnions reduced the number or duration of postpartum endometritis (inflammation of the lining of the uterus), neonatal infection, or the number and duration of caeesareans. The reduction in the temperature at birth was not a pre-specified outcome of this review. The number of women who had a lower temperature at delivery was not pre-defined in the protocol for this review, but this outcome was not specified in the review. We found no clear
The review authors identified three studies, with a total of 1620 participants, that assessed the accuracy of the mini-Cog in the detection of cognitive decline. The studies were of poor quality. The MiniCOG was not able in all the studies, to accurately diagnose the disease. The authors of the study did not find any studies that assessed its diagnostic test accuracy. The results of the three studies were not consistent. The limited number of studies and the limitations in the way they were carried out, make it hard to draw any firm conclusions.
We included 19 studies that investigated the effectiveness of amphetamine drugs for ADHD. These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-age (35.3 years), white (57.2%), and had a combined type (type 2, 3, or 4) of ADHD. Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one was in both the USA (18) and the USA. Ten studies were multicentre (where people are randomly assigned to one of two or three treatment groups). All the studies were funded by the drug industry. We found no studies that had low-risk of bias. We did not find any studies that compared the effects of ampheptamine drugs to those of other drugs. We also found no trials that looked at the effects on ADHD symptoms. We could not rule out the effect of amphereptamine on the outcome of ADHD symptoms, as we found no clear evidence that ampheretamine drugs were better than other drugs for this. We were able to combine the results of 17 of 19 studies, and we found that amphetaminers were better at reducing the symptoms of ADHD than other drug treatments. We are not sure if ampheletamine is as good as guanfacine, modaflopride, or paroxetine, but we found some low- to very-low- quality studies. We do not know if there is a difference in the severity of ADHD, or how well ampheprotamine works. We have not found any studies looking at the effect on the effects at the time of treatment. We can not be sure if there was a difference between amphectamines and other drug treatment on the outcomes, as there were no studies of this way. We cannot be sure that ampherectamine drugs are better than placebo drugs for reducing the severity or retention of ADHD symptom scores. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low, mainly because we found few studies
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that we looked at, the dose of vitamin D that was given, the co-interventions, and the outcome measure used. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2016. The review found no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition. Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence). Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of vitaminD across different chronic painful diseases is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic painful disorders needs further investigation.
This review of studies found that a combination of professional and non-profit interventions can help to improve the health of people with type 2 diabetes. In all the studies, the interventions were aimed at the health professional. In 12 of the studies the interventions targeted at the organisation (health professionals), in nine they were aimed directly at the patient, and 20 were aimed both. In 15 of these 15 studies, patient education was added. A combined approach to health care can improve the process of care. The effect on patients' health was not clear. The review found a positive trend for the health professionals' performance. The impact on patient health was less clear. In some cases, the nurse has played an important role, through patient-oriented patient care, such as patient education, or by helping people to take their medication.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where participants are assigned to one or more treatment groups) that compared the use of birth-stopping birth-pregnant women's birth-control pills (under 20 weeks of age) with birth control pills (over 20 mg) or intrauterine devices (under 16 mmHg) for birth control. The studies included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 women. The trials compared the following birth-controlling methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterinesurea system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG-iUS 12 µg or 16 µg versus LNG. The LNGs were compared to the copper T380A intrauterin device (IUD). The trials comparing two different types of methods did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the LNG -IUS group, which may have little clinic relevance. The trial comparing LNG 12 versus L NG-Ius 16 showed similar efficacy over one and three years. In three trials that examined different LNG, the L NG was at least 75% at least as effective as the LGG at 6 to 36 months. Different doses in the Lng-IUs did not appear to influence efficacy over three years, and in another study, continuation of the LNH appeared at least twice as high as that for the COC. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review of trials found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms, asthma medication use, and bronchial re-reactions. There were 42 trials of immunotherapies (inactive drugs) for house mite, 27 for house dust mite and 10 for other animal dandies. There was no consistent effect on lung function. There is a need for more research in this field.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. We found six trials involving 1297 patients. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials with 1297 participants. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of systematic error. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 0.88); hospital mortality was reduced with a RR of 0%. Overall mortality was not significantly different if a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O was used. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-term outcomes. The effects on long-lasting mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded. Ventilation with lower tidal volumes is becoming a routine strategy of treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury, stopping investigators from carrying out additional trials.
We included 15 studies with 1833 participants. The evidence was current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients with acute ischaemic shock is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. We identified no high-quality studies that compared the two techniques. The results of our review should be interpreted with caution. We recommend that future studies should be designed to compare the two methods of giving the drug intravenously. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
This review identified four trials including a total of 15,0936 hypertensive patients. The average age of these patients was 75.4 years. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660) and there was considerable heterogeneity between the trials. The results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment (Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) = 0.42, 95% CI 0.30, 0.53). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were reduced significantly in the three studies assessing this outcome (W MD = -10.22, 95/CI -10, 10.78, -9.66 for systographic blood pressure, WMD = -4.28, 95-CI -4,58, -3.98 for diastographic blood blood pressure).  Three trials reported adverse effects requiring discontinuation of treatment and the combined results indicated no difference (OR = 1.01, 95+ CI 0 to 1.11). When analysed separately, however, more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the number that received active treatment, this introduced bias. There is no convincing evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive hypertensive participants with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. The evidence is up to date to September 2015. In complex lesions, there were no differences in re-stenosis rates at six months and at one year in those receiving PTCRA with adjunctive balloon angioplasty (PTCRA/PTCA) compared to those receiving angioplastasty alone. PTCra/P TCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period. Compared to angioplanasty alone, PTCra did not increase the risk for major adverse events (MI, emergency cardiac surgeries or death). P TCRA/PCTA did not reduce the risk that patients experienced a spasm, perforation or transient vessel occlusion. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCA in non-complex lesions. Morphological characteristics of complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised controlled trials.  In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTCa), PTCR may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. The quality of the evidence for the effectiveness of P TCRA in in-stent re-steenosis is unclear. We found no long-term data to support the routine use of PCTRA in the routine routine use for in-ventricular re-stents.
This review identified three randomised trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 children under 24 months of age. Two of the trials were multicentre trials comprising only children with bronchiolitis who were also positive for the virus that causes acute bronchitis. The other trial was a single trial with a small sample size. All three studies used 2.5 mL of nebulaise (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rDNase in the form of a single dose. Adjunctive therapy was nebulone, sal buttermol (salbutamol), steroids, supplemental airways support, nasal washing, nasal decongestants, antibiotics, and oral steroids. The results from the three trials did show no benefit in the use nebulin in children with acute bronchiectasis. In these patients, nebulside did not shorten the length of stay in the hospital, or the number of children who had a better clinical score. In one of the three studies, four out 11 patients had at electasis (electasis), which is a problem in which the airway is forced out of the lungs. Two patients in the nebular group showed a marked clinical benefit. There was no difference in side-effects. These side- effects were reported in a small number (11) of the 11 patients from both the nebuliser group (1.5 mg/dL) and the control group (2.5mg/dL). The results of this review do not support the use of neebulone in children under the age of 24 months.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. The studies compared the two approaches to the operation. The evidence is current to September 2016. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. The two studies compared two approaches. The study comparing the two methods found no significant difference in the number of deaths between groups, with only one death occurring overall, in the totally percutaneous group. Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study we observed only one failure of aneurysis exclusion in the surgical cut-down femoral artery access group. No wound infections occurred in the cut-up femoral arteries access group or the percutaneously-inserted group. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two groups. There were no differences in bleeding complications and haematoma between the groups. Only the perctaneous approach was faster than the cut down femoral access technique. Only two studies reported complications at six months, with no differences between the percervical approach and the cut up femoral approach. Only a single study reported the duration of intensive treatment unit (intensive treatment unit) and hospital stay, with neither difference found between groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. We downgraded the quality of evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. As the number and quality of included studies were limited, further research into this technique would be beneficial. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was more likely to cause allergic reactions. The diaphrragm was more effective than both in preventing abortion. The review found that spermicides were more likely than the sponge to cause side effects.
Six studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, but six of which were not included. Three studies looked at prevention of cognitive decline, three studies looked for amelioration, three looked at treatment of the disease, and three studies examined the effects of non-pharmaceutical treatments. There were no strong results for the use of nonpharmacologic treatments in the treatment of people with cognitive decline. There was some support for the prevention of memory loss in people with brain tumours treated with brain irradiation. There is some support that memine may help to prevent cognitive decline in people who have had brain tumour treatment. There may be some support in people whose brain tumors have been treated for brain tumures. However, there is no strong evidence to support any non-drug interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or ameloration of cognitive deficits. Non-randomised studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. Further research is required.
We found two studies that compared the effects of low-level laser treatment with a placebo (fake) laser treatment on the appearance of nerve damage in the lip or chin. The age range of the patients was from 17 to 55. Both studies were at high risk of bias. The evidence is current to September 2014. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on the perception of nerve injury in the upper lip and chin. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in the subjective assessment of nerve sensation in the lower lip and the chin, but the results were imprecise. There were no differences in the severity of the nerve damage between the two groups. No studies reported on the effects on pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. No study reported on quality of life or adverse events. The overall quality of the evidence was very low as a result of limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the results and the imprecision of the data. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of nerve injuries in the inferior alveolar and lingual nerve. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and the effects in delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodology problems that meant we could not combine their data. One trial (161 pregnant women) was based on a woman with a history of diabetes. It did find no difference in the rate of miscarriage (involving 161 women) when using oestrogen and progestin. The second study (based on pregnant women who had had IVF) did not find a clear difference in rates of pre-term birth (injections of progestins) when the women were given oestrogens or progestogen. The study did not report on this review's other main outcome (perinatal death) nor on the rate for pre-eclampsia (pre-ectoception). The use of oestrous and progesterone did not seem to increase the risk of cancer in the mother, but there was no clear difference for the other two other outcomes. The trial did, however, show an increase in the risk for cancer in her baby. The trials did, in fact, show no difference for other outcomes, such as low birthweight (less than 2500 g), low birth weight of less than 2500 grams, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the unborn baby, cancer in reproductive system in the reproductive system, or cancer other than of the reproductive tract in a child. The evidence is current to September 2014.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs were effective for depression treated in primary care. The studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in both groups 919. The numbers needed to treat with TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 and from 8 to 8. The average number of patients needed for treatment ranged from 63% to 26%. The numbers of patients who withdrew from the studies due to adverse events ranged from 4 to 30 for TCAs, and 20-90 for SSRAs.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. We found no new studies for this update. Ibuprofen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of migraine headache sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. Ibupsrofen 400 mg was better than placebo (a pretend medicine) for 2-hour headache relief, and for 24-hour sustained headache relief. Ibupprofen 200 mg was also better than a fake medicine for 2 hours of headache relief and for 2 hour of sustained headache pain relief. Soluble formulations of ibuproen 400 mg were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not 2- hour headache relief; however, they provided more rapid relief. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibuprocen and placebo. Ib uprofen did not differ from rofecoxib 25 mg for 2 or 24- hour pain relief or 24 hours of sustained migraine headache relief in this review. Adverse events were mostly minor and transient.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials with 3497 participants with Dry eye. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison. All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no between-treatment differences. Our review also found that OTC synthetic tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias. OTCificial tears may provide a safe and effective means for treating dry eyes; however, the literature indicates that the majority of OTC tears may have similar efficacies. This conclusion could be greatly skewed by the inconsistencies in study designs and inconsistencies in reporting trial results. Additional research is needed before we can draw robust conclusions about the effectiveness of individual OTC tear formulations.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared the effects of second-line regimin regimens with or without a second- line drug (lamivudine) in people who had failed first-line antiepolio treatment. The trial did not show a difference in the proportion of people who were still free of HIV virus in six months or longer after treatment. Two small studies of low quality suggest no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamvudine in their later regimins. There were no trials that compared second-listerine regimines with boosted PIs (drugs that block the action of the virus) or nucleoside backbone combinations (drug that block its use). There was no trial that looked at second-lines of drugs that block HIV virus from being spread to the blood. There is no clear evidence that second-life regimine is better than first-listers in terms of the number of people free of viral infection. There are no trials of drugs to help people with HIV to stop taking their first-lines. There was some low- quality research that looked for a difference when people were given a second line drug.
We included 133 studies involving 8,206 participants. We found that all the tests had relatively low sensitivity, which means that they are less accurate than we would expect. We also found that the tests were not very accurate in identifying difficult face mask ventilation, difficult laryngoscopy, difficult tracheal intubation, and failed intubations. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of the tests to identify difficult tracings. We identified that the upper lip bite test was the most accurate test for diagnosing difficult traceal intutation, but it was not as accurate as the other tests. We could not find studies that tested the tests for identifying difficult tracental intubes, difficult face masks, or failed intubes. We judged the risk of bias in the studies to be variable, and we mostly observed low risk of biased studies for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of biases for reference standard and index tests. The studies were generally of good quality. We concluded that the studies were of low to moderate quality.
This review of trials found that the use of probiotics reduced the number of days that diarrhoea lasted for at least four days and the number that children had to be rehydrated. Probiotics also reduced the duration of diarrhoeas and the frequency of stool frequency. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in the organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotic intervention. Probiotic regimens appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency in acute infectious diarrhoeae. However, more research is needed to guide the use in specific patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-based standard care with the standard care alone. This single study included 52 people with severe mental health problems. The study was conducted in the USA and was funded by the National Institute of Mental Health. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of nid therapy-enhanced standard care versus standard care. The results of the single study showed that people receiving nid therapies improved their social functioning and engagement with non-inpatient services in both the short term and medium term. However, the results did not reach statistical significance. Results for the adverse effects/events of death were also favourable to the intervention group. Results of people leaving the study early favoured the intervention in the short and mediumterm, with slight favour of the control group at medium term, but again, these results did reach statistical certainty. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits of ndotherapy. Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of this newly-formulated therapy. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We searched for studies that compared the effect of pregabalin to a dummy drug (placebo) or to no treatment. We found eight studies that had a design that used pregapalin 300 to 600 mg for moderate or severe pain due to fibromyalgia. Five studies (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabs (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. The results showed that pregaboalin 300 or 600mg reduced pain intensity by about 50% or more in people with moderate or very severe fibromyromyalgia compared to placebo. This was achieved in about 2 in 10 people (22% to 24%) with moderate to severe pain. The effect was similar to other effective medicines (milnacipipine, duloxetine, and dulocipine). The effect of the drug was also similar to that of other active medicines (duloxine, milnacipe, and desipramine). About 1 in 10 (10%) people with fibromyalgic pain experienced moderate benefit with pregabaalin 300/600 mg compared to about 1 in 20 (10% to 12%) with placebo. The pain was reduced by about 1.5 times more with pregalazine 300 to 300 mg compared with placebo (high quality evidence). The pain reduction was similar with pregarabalin 300 and 600 mg compared against placebo (moderate quality evidence) and other active treatments (very low quality evidence), but with a lower quality evidence. About 1.7 people out of 10 with moderate pain with preglabalin had moderate or worsening pain. About 2 in 20 people with mild or moderate pain experienced mild or worsening of their pain with placebo, and about 1 out of every 10 with pregaabalin. About 3
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild preterm preeclampsia) that compared the use of a drug called Magnesium sulphate with a dummy drug (placebicarbonate). This trial did not show a difference in Apg score (a test of the Apg at birth) or gestations at birth. The trial did, however, show that the mother felt warm, flush, and had more side-effects (feels of 'feeling like a hot flushing'), but no serious side-effect (side-effects) was seen. The study did, on the other hand, show no significant difference in the rate of post-birth haemorrhage (bleeds) or the caesarean birth. We found no evidence that the drug was harmful. The review authors conclude that there is not yet enough high- quality research to assess the use and safety (or lack) of MagSly for protecting the brain of the preterm baby.
This review aimed to determine the effectiveness of smoking cessation programmes for smoking cessation in Indigenous communities. Four studies met the review requirements. Two studies used a smoking cessation programme that used a pharmacotherapy, one used a cognitive/breathe support programme, one through text message and one through a clinic doctors who were trained in the use of smoking techniques. The results of the four studies were pooled. The studies found that the smoking quit rate in the Indigenous population was higher than in the non-indigenous populations. The smoking quit rates in both groups were higher than for the non Indigenous populations. There was no difference in the number of deaths, or in the risk of smoking- related illness or death. The limited but clear results of this review do not support the use or potential of these programmes.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We included studies that compared PAC with standard care in critically ill patients. We found that PAC did not affect the number of deaths in the ICU or hospital, or the length of stay in the intensive care unit (LOS). We also looked at the cost of the care. We did not find any difference in costs between the two groups. We also found that the use of a PAC was not associated with any other adverse effects. We considered studies of high-risk surgery (eight studies), and of patients with a high-cost hospital (five) as subgroups for meta-analyses. We rated 75% of the studies as low-risk for bias. We judged the studies to be at high- risk of bias for the way they were conducted. We were able to combine the results of eight of 13 studies of the high risk patients (eight of which were of high risk of death) and five of the nine high-income (five of which had high-waste) patients (five were high-use) for meta analysis. We pooled the results from these two groups of eight high- and low-wastage studies (eight high- or low-cost) and we found no difference in the risk of dying. We could not combine the data from the studies of patients who were at high risk for death (eight) or who were in the high-rehab intensive care units (five). We found no evidence that PAC had an effect on the length-of-life (Los). We did, on costs. We concluded that use of PAC was no more or less effective than standard care for adult ICU and ICUs. We need more studies to find out if there are any benefits of PAC-guided care for patients with critical illness.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by skilled phlebotomists, is the method of choice for blood sampling. The use of a sweet tasting solution (sugar water or water-like substance) prior to the blood sample is thought to help to reduce the pain caused by the procedure. The need for more skin pricks is also reduced.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women. The studies were conducted in the USA and were conducted between 1980 and 1990. The women were followed up for between two months and six months. The evidence is current to January 2013. The two studies were of poor quality and did not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of secondary suturing for the management of broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We found 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological limitations of 17 included studies were poor. Included studies compared medicinal herbs with different types of drugs, but the results were not combined. Only three studies compared Chinese herbs with antivirals (drug) that are used to treat flu. These three studies showed that Chinese herbs may be more effective than amantadine (a drug that is used to prevent flu), but no clear evidence of a difference in side-effects was found. There were no significant side- effects in the studies. Most of the studies showed no clear difference in the effects of the herbs on flu. No side-side-effects were found. The quality of the included studies was poor.
We searched for studies that compared the use of thrombolytic agents to placebo (dummy drug) or to a drug that was not thrombotic. We found 8 studies that met our inclusion criteria. These studies included a total of 558 participants. The studies compared thrombos with placebo, drug treatment with another treatment, or both. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that thrombolide agents, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange are effective and appropriate therapies for immediately restoring catheter patency in dysfunctional cuffed and tunnelled HD catheters. There is no evidence to suggest any specific treatment is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. There was no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis access or risk of side effects. The certainty of the evidence was low due to the fact that it is based on only one study with wide confidence limits, high risk of bias and imprecision in the estimates of adverse effects. There were no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have a high risk for bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement. Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised) that met our inclusion criteria. Fifteen trials (in 20 treatment groups) reported tumour growth, and 11 trials (14) reported time to the start of the disease. The trials were of mixed quality. The addition of a drug to the standard treatment was found to be beneficial in terms of tumours growth, but did little to stop the disease from spreading. There was no difference in the time to death or the time that the cancer spread. The use of a new drug to add to the regimen did not seem to have an effect on the survival of women. The treatment was also linked to an increase in side-effects. The review found no evidence that the use of drugs to add a new treatment to the usual treatment was beneficial in women with metastatous breast cancer.
This review of trials found that a non-invasive neonatal intensive care ward is more likely to be safe and more convenient than an ICU. However, it is not clear if this is due to the length of stay in the ICU, or the fact that it is less likely to cause harm. There is some evidence that those who are treated with a non invasive nephrotic unit (NNLU) are better prepared for discharge from the ICUs but it is unclear if this was due to a reduction in the number of readmissions to the IC unit or the length and number of days spent in the intensive care unit. There was no evidence that a nephron was more likely than ICU care to cause any harm.
We found 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared ultrasound with a non-surgic treatment, and six studies compared a multi-nutrient treatment (e.g., exercises and splint) with another non-non-s surgical treatment. The studies were of low to very low quality. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2015. There is insufficient evidence to support the greater benefit of one type of therapeutic ultrasound regimen over another or to support using therapeutic ultrasound as a treatment with greater efficacy compared to other non- surgical treatments for CTS. There was no evidence that one type or intensity of ultrasound was better than another. There were no studies that reported any side effects of therapeutic ultrasonography. More research is needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of therapeutic Ultrasound for CT.
We found eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a statin), simvastatine (a drug that blocks the growth of blood clots), clofibrate, and conjugate (a hormone). The results of the trials were not consistent. There was no clear evidence of a benefit from statin treatment for stroke recurrences. There is some evidence that statin drugs can reduce the risk of stroke in people with a history of ischaemic stroke. There were no clear results for statin use for people with recent haemorrhage.
This review of trials found that comprehensive tobacco control programmes, which include mass-market media campaigns, can be effective in changing people's smoking habits. There is some good-practice research in the field, but the evidence is of mixed quality. There are a number of reasons why this is so. The most common are that the campaigns were not of high quality, were of short-term or of low duration, and were not well reported. There were few studies that looked at the effect of the campaigns on the age, ethnicity, or the type of person who was smoking.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances when compared with no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared to psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, sleep disturbances or anxiety in the short term. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercise. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate for yoga versus no therapy and very low for yoga compared with psychosomatic interventions. The results of the review suggest that yoga might be an effective supportive intervention for improving health- related quality oflife and reducing fatigue and night-time sleep disturbances, as a supportive intervention when compared against no therapy. However, the quality of evidence was very low or low for other outcomes. The included studies did not adequately report safety-related data. The overall quality of this evidence was low or very low. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of studies.
We included one study that compared early post-operative brain imaging (up to 48 hours after surgery) with no early postoperative imaging. This study included 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics in the two groups were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early brain imaging with respect to survival at one year after diagnosis of glioma and at two years after diagnosis. No other review outcomes were reported. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we identified no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in gliomas seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based. The limited evidence suggesting that early postoperatively-relevant brain imaging among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment may make little or little difference to survival needs to be further researched, particularly as early post operative imaging also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. Mathematical modelling of a large gliomatosis patient database could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of glooma, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other prognostic factors. In particular attention should be paid to paediatric gliome study designs.
We found three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine in terms of improvement in global state, but there was a small number of people with parkinsonism who were treated with metiAPine. There were no data on the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiabine fails to provide high-quality trial based data. However, the need to determine whether metiapaine is more or less effective than chlorpromamide seems to be lacking in clinical relevance and future research on this comparison seems unlikely.
This review of trials found that the use of nitro-imidazole antibiotics, mesalamine, azathioprine/6-MP and infliximab, and immunosuppressants (drugs) with azathoprine/ 6MP or inflixIMB all appear to be effective in the treatment of post-operative Crohn's disease. The use of mesalamate and azathiprine/six-mp was associated with a significantly reduced risk of clinical recurrence and severe endoscopic recurrence when compared to placebo. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious side effects. There was no significant difference between mesalamines and azanthioprine for any other outcome. There were insufficient trials of inflixsimab, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 to draw conclusions.
We included seven randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 785 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. Comparison 1: cognitive and coping skills programs versus twelve- step programmes (one trial, 41 participants) There was no significant difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol abstinence assessed with Substance Abuse Calendar and breathalyser at one year: risk ratio (RR) 2.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.10 to 55.06); and retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment: RR 0.89 (95%, CI 0.62 to 1.29), or for any of the secondary outcomes reported. The quality of evidence for the primary outcome was very low. Comparison 2: brief intervention versus treatment as usual (three trials, 197 participants) The quality was low for both the primary and secondary outcomes (participants' alcohol use, alcohol use at three months, and retention rate at three-month, measured by the Addiction Severity Index-alcohol score (ASI) at two months). There was also no significant differences between groups in the other primary outcome, retention in the treatment program, or for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. The evidence for retention in drug use at end-of-treatment was low. The data were not available for retention of alcohol use or retention in other outcomes. Comparison 3: motivational interviewing versus treatment only or educational intervention only (three trial, 462 participants) No significant difference was found between groups (alcohol use, scores on the Addiction Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) or the Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) at three month, or
We found 23 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where participants are randomly put in one of two or three groups) with 1586 people. Fifty-eight per cent of these people were from five unpublished studies. The trials compared quinsine to a dummy pill (20 trials), placebo (20 studies), theophylline (one trial), quinine plus a quinamine combination (three trials) or quinne-the-theoceus (three studies) or a quinene-vitamine-vin E (three) or theocerein (one) combination (one study), or xylocaine injections into the stomach muscle (one). The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, and Canada. The most commonly used quinines were 300 mg to 500 mg daily (range 200 to 500mg). The evidence is current to January 2014. The review found that quinaine reduced cramps by 28% over two weeks, cramps days by 20%, and the number of cramps per cramp by 20%. The most common side effects were gastrointestinal symptoms, mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. The risk of serious side effects was similar for quinidine and placebo. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for the other comparisons. The main reasons for this were that the trials were small and the results were imprecise. The evidence was limited and the trials had a number of problems with their methods. The studies were too small to be sure that the results would be the same for all comparisons. There is no evidence to judge the best dosage or duration of quinide treatment. There was low quality evidence that quinsines given at a dose of 200 mg to a maximum of 500 mg reduced cramp days and cramps, and moderate quality evidence of reduced cramping intensity. There were no differences between quinidis and placebo in terms of side effects. There are no serious side-effects reported
We found seven trials enrolling 406 individuals amongst whom 118 participants were also cross-over (cross-over) and had their own controls. Three trials enrolled women (202) with pregnancy cramps, four trials (322) enrolled people with idiopathic cramps (322 people) and one trial (128 people) enrolled a group of people with muscle cramps that were thought to be caused by sleep paralysis. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and Japan. The evidence is current to August 2015. For idiopathy (leg cramps caused by sleeping disorders) and idiopatheic cramp (cramps caused during the night) the differences in frequency of cramps were small, not statistically significant, and without heterogeneity (I2 = 0%). This means that the results of the trials were similar. For people with nocturnal leg cramps the differences were also small, and the results were not statistically different. The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group. Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found in measures of cramp intensity or cramp duration. The single study comparing magnesium to no treatment failed to find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials comparing magnesium versus placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the number of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramp. In contrast, for those experiencing pregnancy-associated rest cramps there is conflicting evidence and further research in this patient population is needed. We found no randomized controlled
We included one study that compared a six-month home training program with a usual care group. The study was conducted in the USA and involved 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The training program included strength training as prescribed, but 50% of the people in the training group did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The trial measured walking distance on the six-minute walk test, which is a test that measures the amount of distance that a person can walk in a single minute. The participants in the control group walked 9.4 metres further than those in the strength training group. This was not different from the difference in walking distance in the usual care groups. The exercise training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT) total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). The change from baseline to six months' follow-up was 6.8 points in the group of people who exercised compared to 5.14 points in those who did not. The change in peak oxygen uptake (VO2max) was similar in the groups. No serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw any conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We found two small trials (n = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy, immobilization, or both. One trial (81 patients with cervical radiculopathies) found that surgery was better than physiotherapy (elevator treatment), but there was no difference in pain, strength, or sensation loss at one- and three-year follow-up. One of the trials (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelopathy) found no significant differences between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. Both trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculaopathy or myelopathies. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
This review of nine studies found that telephone consultation by different health care workers, such as nurses or health assistants, may have a positive impact on patient care. However, there are still questions as to how much phone use there is, and how much it costs.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants. The evidence was current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Germany, France, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, New South Wales, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newyork, New Glasgow, New North Wales, South Wales and the UK. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for all outcomes.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma. The studies compared different interventions to improve inhaler technique. We included studies in adults and children. We found that enhanced face to-face training sessions with a trained person, multi- media-delivered inhaler-delivery training, and feedback device use were all effective in some studies. We could not tell if these types of training led to important clinical benefits. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects on asthma attacks, side-effects, unscheduled visits to a health care provider or absenteement. We were not sure how much of an effect the training had. We also found that the number of people who showed that their inhaler was 'good or good-enough', or 'not good or good at all', was more useful than the scores on a 'listen-to-listens', which are used in some of the studies. In some studies, the training was done in a way that was more convenient for the patient. We are not sure if the training led more people to have an asthma flare up than in other studies. Some of the trials did not report whether the training made a clear difference to the number who had an asthma attack. We do know that some people with an asthma infection may have an improved inhaler control and their asthma may be more likely to use their inhalers more often. We have no evidence that the training has an impact on the health of people with asthma. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very poor, meaning we are very unsure of the results. We judged the overall quality of this review to be low or low. We downgraded the quality to low or unclear due to the small number of studies, small sample size, and the wide range and variety of ways that the studies were carried out.
This review of three small trials, involving 226 participants, found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of mannitol in the routine treatment of people with stroke. The trials were too small to be sure that mannitor is effective. The change in symptoms was not reported in two of the three trials, and the proportion of those with a worsening (or not improving) or not improving (or both) condition did not change between the mannitors and the control groups. The trial of the ICH was too small and the results were not consistent. The overall results of the trials were not conclusive. There is not yet enough evidence from trials to support or refute the use mannolar in the treatment of acute stroke.
This review of six trials found that D-penicillinamine appears to be effective in improving the disease activity of rheumatoids. Its effects on the long-term function of rhesus rhabdomyosarcoma and radiology are not clear. Its efficacy is similar to that of some other drugs, but with a higher risk of side-effects.
We found four relevant trials. The trials were of low quality. All of them were of poor methodological quality. The results of the studies suggest that decoction containing Huangqi compounds may stimulate immunocompetsent cells and decrease side-effects in people with leucopenia. There was no evidence that the use of Huangqi herbs caused harm. We need high- quality studies to determine the effects of the use and safety of these herbs.
We included three randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared vitamin A and/or DHA with vitamin B, or with vitamin C or with DHA and/ or with either DHA or vitamin B alone. The three trials included 866 people with RP of all forms. The trials were published from 1980 to 2013 and included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of participants ranged from four to 54 years. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated vitamin A plus vitamin A versus vitamin A only. None of the RCTs had protocols for reporting the results of the trials, so the quality of the reporting of the results was unclear. In addition, one of the studies did not specify the method for random sequence generation, so there was an unclear risk of bias. All three trials were graded as low risk of systematic error for all other domains. The primary outcome, mean change of visual field from baseline at one year, was not reported in any of the included trials. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. None reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any other trials. Based on the results from three RCTS, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A or DHA for people with retinal degeneration in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG amplitude at one-year follow-up and the mean changes in visual acity at five years follow- up. In future RCT, since some of the published studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on
We included three randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 414 people at risk of job loss. The majority had inflammatory arthritis and most were from rheumatoid arthropathies. The interventions aimed to reduce job loss and work absenteement by firstly by assessing work change or adaptation, and then by giving any type of person-directed interventions, such as advice or training. The studies were small, and the duration or dose of the interventions was varied. We found no adverse effects in the published reports. We judged the quality of the studies to be low. We assessed the evidence as being of low or very low quality. We did not find any high- or low- quality studies that assessed job loss, work absence, work absenteeness or work function. We rated the quality as low or low. The main reasons were that we were uncertain about the results of the trials, and that the studies were at risk for bias.
We identified three eligible studies that compared arginine to placebo (dilute) or no treatment in 285 pre term infants (140 of whom were given a dose of 140 to 300 micrograms per day) from three countries. We found that the number of pre term neonate deaths due to NEC (any stage) was reduced by approximately one-third in the arginaine group compared with the placebo group. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC (a type of NEC) was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). We found no significant differences in NEC stage 1, NEC stage 2 or NEC stage 3 in the group receiving arginne compared with placebo. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the arkinine and placebo groups. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences between the groups in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. The quality of evidence was moderate. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018.
We found four trials involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double blind and studied INCS versus a dummy pill (placebo), no treatment, or a placebo (a pretend pill). The trials lasted 15 or 21 days. The rates of losses to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 40%, 41% and 10%. The trials showed that INCS was more effective than placebo in improving symptoms and reducing the severity of sinus inflammation. Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief. No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses of inseminations. Current evidence is limited for acute sin sinus infections confirmed by radiology or nasal endoscopy but supports the use of INCs as a monotherapy or as an adjuvant therapy to antibiotics. Clinicians should weigh the modest but clinically important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy.
This review of trials found that giving low doses of the antibiotic vancomycin to pre term babies with low birthweight babies (at birth) to prevent sepsis (sepsis) in the newborns reduces the risk. There was not enough evidence to know if the low dose of vancoma-prophylaxis prevented the babies from being born with resistant organisms.
We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore not enough to be sure that the choice of dressings or other treatments for wounds healing by second-wound care is influenced. We found that a single small trial of aloe vinca supplements versus gauze suggests that the wound may heal more slowly, but this is uninterpretable. A single small, low-cost trial of a plaster cast applied to a stump found that it was more likely to speed up wound healing than an elastic compress. There were no differences in the length of time that the wounds took to heal for the dressing (e.g., gauze, foam). There was no difference in the time that it cost to use the dressing. There was a small trial that found that foam was more effective than gauze for the healing of wounds. There is no clear evidence that foam is better than gauzepine.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies that compared different methods for birth-stopping pills, birth-pills, and birth-control pills with each other. We found two trials that looked at birth-prostaglandin pills, one of which was a pill with a levonorgestre-releasing intra-steroid system (LNG) that releases progestin. We did not find any trials that studied birth-preventive drugs. We also found three trials of birth-controlling pills, two of which were pills with progestins, and one of pills with an eonogestrel-re releasing implant. We included 11 trials with 1482 women. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. For breastfeeding duration two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG-IUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group but no significant difference at one year. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the birth-performing pills compared to the placebo group. One trial did not measure this. For infant growth, three trials that assessed infant growth indicated no significant differences. One showed greater weight gain in the etonogestre implant group versus no method but less versus DMPA. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater growth gain (grams) for the eonogen-receptor-reactivating implant group compared to no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. The others studied birth control pills, COCs versus POPs, or an LNG. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and
We found 10 studies that compared the effectiveness of red-light cameras in reducing the total number of crashes in the road. The studies were from the USA, Singapore, and the UK. The evidence is current to January 2013. The review found that red-camera use is effective in reducing total crashes. However, the studies did not adjust for the effects of the camera on the number of people who crashed, the number that overturned, or the number who were injured. The quality of the studies was not high enough to determine whether red-meter technology is effective. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution as most of the included studies did adjust for both the impact of the cameras on the total crashes and the impact on the amount of damage caused by the camera.
This review identified four trials involving a total of 494 patients. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of patients who had reached a level of INR 2.0 or more by day five. One of these three studies showed that a 10 mg dose of 10 mg was better than 5 mg dose for the number of patients with VTE. The other three studies, which were of low or very low quality, did not show a difference in the number who had a clot in their legs at 90 days. One study, which was of very poor or low quality and involved both inpatients (outpatients) and out-patients, did show a benefit for a 10-mg dose. No difference was seen in the major or the small bleeding at 14 to 90 days, or in the length of time spent in the hospital. In the case of patients 18 years or older, there is uncertainty about the use 10- mg or 5 mg warfarin dose for warfarins.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model (providing care at home and in the hospital) with the usual care. One trial also looked at a geriatric-led care in-patient and in-home care. The trials were of low or low quality. None of the trials were designed to address the needs of people with dementia, and the data were from sub groups (the 'dissent groups') of people who were not included. We found that some of the models of enhanced care and care may be effective in reducing the risk of delirium and length-of-stay in the short- and long-term. There was no evidence that these models of treatment were better than usual care, and we were uncertain about the effect of these models on health-related quality-of life. We were also unsure about the effects of these treatments on the risk for some other outcomes, such as the activities of daily life, functional performance, and costs. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low or very low, and this means we have very little or little trust. We judged the certainty to be low or unclear for all the other results. We downgraded the certainty for all of our main results to low or uncertain, because the studies we looked at were small, and some of them were at high risk of bias.
We found seven studies that included a total of 840 children. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The children were aged between one month and 18 years. The interventions were different from each other and included home-based nursing services, home-centred care and home-delivered care. The results of the studies did not show that home-home nursing services reduce hospital admissions or reduce the length of hospital stay for children with acute and chronic illnesses. However, the studies reported that home care was more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for the families. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home-care. Further studies are needed to assess the effects of home-health services on health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
We found 40 studies that compared the effectiveness of ICM with standard care, or ICM versus non-ICM. The evidence was current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The review includes 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. The results showed that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and increase retention in care. It also may reduce adverse events and the number leaving the trial early. It may make little or no difference in reducing the number or severity of suicide. It probably makes little or none of the outcomes relevant to people with severe mental illness. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
This review of trials found that laparoscopic box model training (in which the box is placed on a model of the patient's body) improves the technical skills of trainee laparoscopists. The training is performed in a group of trainees with no prior laparospine-related experience. The trainee is then put through a course (called a 'laparoscopy' or 'laparoscopic' course) of training, which is usually performed in the form of a box. The results were not able, however, to show that the time to complete the task was shorter in the box model group than in the no-training group. The time to perform the task in the group of box model trainee trainee was also shorter. The group of training trainee had a lower score on the accuracy test (the score that combines the results of the two or three tests), and a better score on a composite score (the one that takes into account the results from all three tests). The group that had box training had a better performance score (which is the score that takes from one test to the next). The training did, however (in one trial), not have a clear effect on the time it took to complete a laparoscope procedure. The trial that had a simple box trainer (in a box with no external support) had a higher score (a score that is a composite of the results (the scores that take from the two to the three tests) than the group with a standard box. There was no difference in the time that the trainee took to do the task (time to complete it) in the same as in the other two groups. None of the trials reported on death or illness. The trials did, in fact, not report on the other outcomes that we were most concerned with. The review found no trials that looked at the effects of box training on the patient’s quality of life.
This review found two randomised trials that compared the use of perorococorticoids (a type of corticostoid) with saline (salt water) in people with cholangiographic and clinical primary sclerosing cholangeal disease. One of these trials, which was funded by the manufacturer, found that perorolucocortisones given by nasobiliary tube (through the nose) may cause severe side-effects. The other trial, which had 18 patients, found no evidence to show that perurol glucocortics (budesonide and prednnisolide) were better at improving cholanopathy.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards a trend for better survival and a trend in favouring the early feeding of people with acute myelosuppressive disease. The review found no data on death. Further trials are needed. These trials should be large and should report not just the effects of early feeding but on death, as well.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and used a range (from 1 to 22) of different methods. The evidence is up to date to May 2015. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% confidence interval (CI) 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) demonstrated that people who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls (moderate quality evidence), 15 studies (3587 participants) showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control participants (moderate evidence), and in 15 studies with 9791 participants (9791 people) participants drank one unit per occasion less than no control participants. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at end-of-study follow up. The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital interventions to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (6.20). Over half of the interventions (n = 21, 51%) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. There were no evidence of an association between reporting theory use and intervention effectiveness. Limited reporting of theory use was unrelated to heterogeneity in intervention effectiveness (low-quality data). Thus, digital alcohol interventions produced broadly similar outcomes in these studies. No studies reported whether any adverse
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants. The studies compared benzodiazepines with placebo (a fake medicine), and we found 24 studies that were of low or very low quality. The review found that benzodazole was more likely to be effective than a fake medicine for the short- and long-term treatment (three to 12 weeks) of panic disorders. The dropout rate was lower among participants treated with benzodiazines. The number of people who responded to treatment was lower with benzoids than with placebo. However, the number of participants who dropped out due to side effects was higher with benzoidiazepines than with a fake medication. The quality of the evidence was low for both efficacy and acceptability. The evidence for the other outcomes was of very low or low quality, mainly because the included studies were only short-term studies and did not examine the long-lasting effects of benzodizole. The results of this review provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. Furthermore, the clinician's choice is not between benzodozole and placebo, but between benzoids and other active treatments, both in terms of efficacy and side effects. The choice of treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-time perspective.
We found 13 studies that recruited 1520 participants. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies included people with borderline high blood pressure, the others included people at high-risk of high-falling, people with high-blood pressure and people who had a liver or kidney disease. The studies were of short term (one year or less), and all were of poor quality. The results of these studies were not consistent. We could not combine the results of the studies for the main outcome, blood pressure. We found that tai-chi was not effective in reducing the risk of death or all-cause deaths. We did find that it was not clear how tai chi affects blood pressure and that it may have an effect on blood lipid (lipid) levels. We were not able, however, to draw any firm conclusions on the effects of tai chi on the risk factors for CVD. We are not sure if tai Chi is effective for the prevention of CVD as the studies were small, and the results were not similar. We do know that tae-chis are not safe for people with CVD risk factors. We need more studies to be done.
We found 27 studies that tested family-based interventions to prevent children and adolescents from starting to smoke. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Twenty-three studies were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based programmes provided to all participants. These two groups of studies were considered separately. The quality of the evidence was moderate for most outcomes. There was moderate quality evidence that family-related interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a control group receiving no intervention. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to control groups receiving no treatment. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. The evidence is therefore strongest for high intensity family interventions used independently of school interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Based on this moderate quality of evidence a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because we could not include data from all studies. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. The overall quality of studies was moderate.
We found three studies that compared the effects of corticosteroids on nausea and nausea in adult cancer. The studies involved a total of 451 adult cancer patients. Two studies compared dexamethasone (a corticostimulone), a drug that is used to treat cancer, to a dummy drug (dissolve the drug) and the third study, a drug called tropisetron, to placebo. The trials were of low to very low quality. Corticostidoids were well-tolerated. We found that corticoids were no more or less likely to cause side-effects than dummy drug. The quality of the studies was low to high, which means we have very little confidence in the results. We did find that cortisone treatment with dex amethason caused less side effects (measured on a 0 to 10 scale, with a lower score indicating less side-eye, and a higher score meaning more side-side-eye), but this was not a significant result. We could not combine the results of the trials due to the small number of people in the studies. We rated the quality as low to unclear, which meant we were uncertain whether the results were valid.
We found 10 studies that compared antibiotics to prevent LRTIs in children with HIV-infected, cyst-fibrotic, heart, lung, and cancer. Three studies included HIV-inflicted and four cyst fibrotic (inactive) and one each of sickle cell, heart and lung disease. The studies were of high quality. The evidence is up-to- date as of May 2014. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with a diagnosis of HIV infection, cystic fibrosis or cancer was moderate. There was no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events with antibiotics. There were no significant differences in the incidence of pulmonary tuberculosis (a lung infection caused by bacteria from the lungs) or pneumonia (a bacterial infection caused in the lungs caused by the lungs). There was a significant decrease in the number of children who were admitted to hospital for pneumonia with antibiotics (two studies). There were few studies that reported the number or severity of adverse effects. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether antibiotics prevent certain types of LRTI. There are no studies that assess the effect of antibiotics on quality of life. There may be some evidence that antibiotics may reduce the number and severity of neurological problems in children. There has been no evidence that antibiotic treatment reduces the number, severity or duration of neurological disorders in children, but there is some evidence to suggest that it may reduce time off school and hospital admission. There have been no studies assessing the effect on growth of children with cystic cystic disease. There appears to be no evidence of increased antibiotic resistance. There seems to be little or no difference in the risk of developing pathogenic strains of bacteria. There appeared to be a small number of studies that assessed the risk or severity or frequency of side effects. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the outcomes of LTB and pneumonia.
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 519 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxide (100 participants) or carbon dioxide (96 participants). None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants), or surgical complications (very low quality of evidence), or on surgical morbidity (verylow quality of the evidence). There were no serious adverse events related to either nitrous or carbon oxide pneumoperitoneum (three studies; 196 participants). We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) with nitrous (or both) and carbon (or neither) on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low-quality evidence. Four trials randomising participants to helium (three trials; 69 participants) and carotid (five trials; 75 participants) compared with carbon dioxide. One trial randomised people to room air (70 participants) (70 people) or to carbon dioxide pneumoperitonum (76 people). The trial was at unclear risk of biased. There were insufficient evidence for any of the outcomes. There is no evidence to show that room air pneumoperittalum reduces hospital costs or reduces pain during the first day after surgery. The safety of nitric oxide, helium, and room air is yet to be established. The quality of this evidence is very low. The effects of the use of nitroglycerin and helium for establishing pneumoperititoneum compared with standard pressure pneumoperiteum are uncertain. Evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that room-air pneumoperiniteum may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery. Further trials on
This review identified 14 studies investigating the effects of the following a single dose (dexamethasone) of corticostadol (a corticosteroid) in pre-eclampsia. Eight of the 14 studies enrolled 303 pre-term infants. The other eight studies enrolled 762 pre- eclampsies. The studies compared a high dose (high dose) with a low dose (low) or a moderate (low or very low) of the drug. The trials were of low or low quality. The review found that a higher-dose dose of dexamethaethason was more likely to be compared to a low-dose (low- or very-low) dose. The results of the trials comparing a high- or a low dosage of dexaethase with a high or a high duration (high or low) or with a moderate dose (very low) were similar. The two trials comparing the use of a pulse (pulse) or pulse (drip) dexametazoline with a pulse therapy were of mixed results. The quality of the studies was low or very poor. The evidence is up- to- date as at June 2014.
This review of trials found that the evidence is current to January 2013. Eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people were included in the review. The trials compared several steroid drugs (corticosteroids, cortisone, hydrocortisone and dexamethasone) with aspirin, placebo or no treatment. The evidence is up to date to January 2014. The review found that there was no evidence that any of the steroids reduced the risk of heart disease in patients with acute rheumatic fever. However, the trials were old and the risk was substantial. The results should be viewed with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. New trials are warranted to assess the effects of corticosteroid drugs such as oral prednisone and intravenous methylprednisolone and the effects on other new anti-inflammatory agents. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes.
We found six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies found that insecticides are effective in reducing the number of people with a trachomatosis. However, these studies were not of high quality. One study found that health care programmes, such as health education, reduce trchomatis. However this was not found in a more recent study. One of the studies found a reduction in trchoma in people who had a latrines provision. However the study did not find that this was an effective way of controlling trchome. There is some evidence that spraying insecticide spray is an effective method of reducing trchomas, however this was found in two studies. There was no evidence that this method reduced trchomes. There were also no clear results on the effectiveness of health education. Health education had shown significant reduction of trachoma in one study but another study did. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness and safety of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of trchumasis.
This review of fifteen studies (with 1043 participants) suggests that CBT may reduce the symptoms of CFS in people with CFS. CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms after treatment, and may be more effective than other treatments. However, the evidence base at the time of follow-up is small, and the results of the studies were not consistent. There is a need for more research on CBT in the context of COS.
We found one randomised controlled trial (clinical study where participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatments) which compared oral cholecifier (vitamins D3) (choleciferol) (20 people) with a dummy pill (19) or a placebo (19 people) for six weeks. The study was funded by a government agency. The trial was funded in part through a grant from the manufacturer. The evidence is up-to- date as of February 2015. The participants were randomised to receive oral vitamin D3 (cholescoride) or placebo for six months. The vitamin D group had significantly higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. However, the difference was not significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, so we are uncertain about the effect of vitamin D supplementation on the level of pain. The quality of the evidence was low for the outcome of health-related quality of life. The review found that the vitamin D treatment group had a lower health- related quality oflife score than the placebo group at eight and 16 weeks but this difference was small. The number of adverse events (such as tingling of lips or hands) was similar between the vitamin and placebo groups, but the quality of evidence was very low. The included study had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data (high dropout rate in the placebo groups), but a low risk of biases for other domains such as random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of participants, personnel and outcome assessors, selective outcome reporting, and an unclear risk of other biases. The overall quality of this evidence was moderate. The only included one study with a high dropout and high drop out rates. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplements
We found only one study that compared two different treatments for children with CAS. The study was conducted in Australia, and included 26 children with mild-to-moderate CAS. Children were randomly assigned to one of two treatments. Treatments were given in one-hour one to four-week sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of children had resumed treatment by the time of the end of treatment. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of the study showed that, when delivered intensively, both NDP-3 and ReST may improve word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with idiopathic CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and the accuracy in connected speech. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP- 3 for accuracy of speech production on non-treatment words, and for accuracy in speech production of at least three word combinations. Re ST also demonstrated a slightly greater effect for accuracy on connected speech, but the study did not assess functional communication. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-2 and Re ST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one RCT was identified. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence base. Similarly, further RCTS are needed of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders.
We found four studies that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethopr-chloride to no treatment. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to a fake drug (placebo). We found that people who were treated with antibiotics had better vision at 12 months than those who were not. There was no good-evidence that this was the case at 12 or at 12 years. The study in Brazil reported that people treated with trimethopsin-sulfamethoxazole had better visual acuity at one year. There were no differences between the groups in terms of the number of people with and without active retinochoroiditis. There is no evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk of developing a new infection. There are no adverse events associated with antibiotics. There may be a benefit to antibiotics for people with active retinoschoroids, but there is currently no good evidence that this leads to better vision outcomes. There might be an increased risk of adverse events in people treated. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. There seems to be no evidence of benefit for people who have active retinopathy of prematurity. There appears to be little or no difference between people treated and those who have not. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations of the studies were poor reporting of study methods and small numbers of participants.
We found 43 trials involving 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nails with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture and reoperations. The sliding hip screws were more common in the IMH. There were no differences between the two implants for wound infection, death, wound closure or medical complications. Three trials (394 people), which were of better quality, showed no major difference in fracture fixings, reoperation, wound infection and length of stay in the hospital for the proxal nail (PFN). None of the 10 trials of nail and extramedullar hip screw compared for trochteric fracture fractures were of enough quality to provide definite evidence to show any difference in complications. Two trials (124 people), with two trials (65 people), found that the intramedular nails were more prone to less bone healing problems than the nail plate. The SHS was more likely to be used for trochanteric bone fracture. With its less risk of fracture, and a lack of functional outcome data, it seems to be the better choice. Further studies are needed.
We found only one study that compared palliative surgery with either a medical treatment or no treatment. The evidence is current to September 2013. The study included 47 women who received either palliatives surgery or medical management with the drug, Octreotide. The women were followed up for a minimum of six months after the operation. The results of the study showed that women who had surgery were more likely to live longer than women who were given a medical drug called Octreotide. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not recorded and adverse events were incompletely documented. We found only low quality evidence comparing palliates surgery and medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. However there is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
This review of four trials found that statins improved lipid profiles and reduced the levels of hormones (taken alone or in conjunction with the oral contraceptive pill) in a small group (244 women) of women with PCOS. There was no good-evidence that statin use improved menstrual regularity, the number of ovulation cycles, hirsutism (worsening of the hair) or acne, nor was there any evidence that statine-based treatments improved weight loss. Statins did not have a clear effect on the body's weight. No adverse events were reported.
We found no randomised controlled studies that compared any of these treatments with each other. We found only observational studies of women with cervical cancer. We identified no studies that looked at the use of radiotherapies for controlling bleeding. We need a randomised trial to assess the use and safety of pneuma-modifying treatments in this setting. We did not find any studies that examined the use or risk-taking of these techniques. We are uncertain as to how pneum-modifier treatments compare with radiotherapeutics for controlling the bleeding in these women. We do not know from the studies that pneumatoid arthritis is a common cause of bleeding. Radiotherapists should be aware that pneumonia is a serious problem for the woman with cervical and uterine cancer. Radiological treatments for controlling pneu-modifiers are not readily available. We therefore suggest that a random controlled trial be carried out to assess pneukopeni, a pneumatic pneuron-modulator.
This review of trials found that, compared to radiotherapy, temozolomide is an effective treatment in GBM. It improves time to disease onset (TTP), prolongs the time to the disease onset, delays the disease and slows the disease from progression to death and has no effect on QOL. In patients with a recurrent glioblastomatous gloma, it may have a small effect on the QoL but does not seem to be an important part. In the older, it seems to be similar to the radiotherapeutic treatment in terms of OS, but with a higher instance (1.5 times more likely) of adverse events. In recurrent glooblastoma, the effect of temozoomide compared with standard chemotherapy on TTP and QoB was similar. In elderly patients, it appears to be comparable to radiotherapy in terms OS and PFS but with more adverse events (1 more per 1000 patients).
We found two studies that investigated interventions to improve the health care access and use in the district. One study in Cambodia found that private contracts with non-profit groups (NGOs), such as those that provide health care for the poor, may improve health care use. The other found that training health care workers to provide training in the field (in- service) may improve their performance. In three countries, the training courses were not well received. In these three countries health care managers did not receive the training. The studies did not find that the training had an effect on health care usage. No studies that aimed to evaluate the effects of retaining health care district managers were found. There is low- to very low- quality research that suggests that private health care contracts with nongvernment organizations (NGO), as well-conducted training courses, may help to improve health system health care. There was no study that examined the effects that might be promising to the health system managers of these types of contracts. There were no studies that looked at the effects on the health of the health systems. There are no studies looking at the impact of other types of training that might help to keep the health workers in place.
We found three studies that involved a total of 123 people. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. There was no description of concealment of the randomization sequence in two studies. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two of the studies. There were no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of intensive care unit stay. Duration of mechanical support, length of stay in the intensive care department, and hospital stay were measured in the three studies. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. There is some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, heart deformity and tracheastomy, and duration of intensive-care unit stay, and the length of ICU stay. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We found 50 trials that compared the effects of cerivastatin with other drugs, such as fluvastatins, atorvastats, and rosugastatin, on cholesterol. The trials were of short duration (three to 12 weeks) and the trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were conducted between 1990 and 2015. We found that cerivastsatin was about 250-fold more potent than fluvastsatin, 20-fold stronger than atorvsastatin and 5.5-fold better than rosuvastatin at reducing cholesterol. It was also about 250% more potent at reducing total cholesterol, and about 125% stronger at reducing triglycerides. The effect of cervastin on total cholesterol was not different between the different doses of ceravastatin used in the trials. The effects of the drug on the LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol and triglycerides were similar across the commonly prescribed dose range. The risk of stopping the drug because of adverse effects was not significantly different between cerivasatin and placebo in 11 of the 19 short-term trials. There was no evidence of a difference between the drugs in terms of harms. The certainty of evidence for the effects on cholesterol was high.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The evidence was current to May 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation did not reduce the risk of kidney injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery. It probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving remote iscaemic precontitioning. It is uncertain whether remote ischchaemic pre-operative preconditionsing by iliac cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote ischemic preconditional precondititioning in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in the acute phase of surgery in which the kidneys are damaged. The quality of the included studies was moderate to high. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of patients.
We included 12 trials with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven compared the effects of five pharmacologic treatments: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6 162, citicol, citricol, and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-pharmacological interventions: a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme. The fatigue severity was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups. The results of the trials were not consistent. The beneficial effect was not seen in trials that had used adequate allocation concealment (two trials, 89 participants) or trials that used blinding of outcome assessors (four trials, 198 participants). No trial primarily investigated preventing PSF. Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF and included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after stroke, and some have had a high risk of bias. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We found three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 preterm infants. The trials were very small with only a total of 74 pre term infants enrolled. The interventions evaluated were insulin and glucose and al butersol inhalation. The studies were conducted in the USA, India, China and India. The intervention was compared with a resin resin called rectal cation-resin. The review found that the combination of insulin and sugar inhalation was superior to the rectal resin for reducing the risk of death. The combination of glucose and insulin inhalation also reduced the risk for bleeding in the brain. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination insulin and glucosamine inhalation or albuterol inhalations. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions for non-oliguric hyperkalaemia (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested in randomised trials. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This is a review of trials that compares IVIg to PE in people with MS. The evidence is current to September 2013. We found 12 trials that compared IVIG with PE in 623 severely affected participants. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias compared IVIs with PE alone. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not significantly different between the two treatments: MD of 0.02 of a grade more improvement in the intravenous immunoglobulin group than the plasma exchange group; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to -0.20. There were also no statistically significant differences in the other measures considered. Three studies including a total of 75 children suggested that IVIIg significantly hastens recovery compared with supportive care. The primary outcome for this review, available for only one trial with 21 mildly affected children, showed significantly more improvement after four week with IVIGs than supportive treatment alone, MD 1.42, 95% CI 2.57 to 0.27. In one trial involving 249 participants comparing PE followed by IVIgb with PE, the average grade improvement was 0.2 (95% CI -0 to 0). More improvement was seen in the IVIbg group than in the PE group, but not clinically significantly different, but this was not excluding the possibility of significant extra benefit. Another trial with 34 participants comparing immunoabsorption followed by intravenous IVIglobulin with immuno absorption alone did not reveal significant extra improvement. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment but IVIgal was significantly more likely to be completed than PE. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. A previous Cochrane review has shown that PE hastens the recovery compared to supportive treatment only. There are
We included 28 randomized clinical trials with a total of 9330 patients. In 21 trials, 7597 patients were randomly assigned to a higher fraction of inspired air (high) or a routine (low) fraction (routine). The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The trials lasted between one hour and one month. The evidence is current to August 2016. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high fraction of oxygen was not associated with death from any cause, serious adverse events or length of stay in hospital. Similarly, when all trials were included, a higher percentage of inspired oxygen was associated with no death from all causes. In the trials using preoperative antibiotics, a large fraction of 80% or more of inspired blood oxygen was found to reduce surgical site infections. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The risk of adverse events, including death, may be increased by a fraction of 60% or higher, and as robust evidence is lacking for a beneficial effect of a fraction in 60% of inspired breath on surgical site infection, our overall results suggest that evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of a high percentage of oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery. Given the risk of attrition and outcome reporting bias, as well as other weaknesses in the available evidence, further randomized clinical studies with low risk and long-term follow-up are warranted.
We found 25 randomised controlled studies (in which participants were assigned to one of three or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were carried- out in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that oral antibiotics are associated with an increased chance of complete resolution of OME at various time points, but also with more side effects such as diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash. There is no evidence that oral antibiotic treatment is associated with a decrease in the need for ventilation tube insertion. However, there is evidence that children treated with oral antibiotics may be more likely to experience diarrhoeas, vomiting or skin rash than those who receive no treatment. The impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing is uncertain and low quality evidence did not show that oral oral antibiotics were associated with fewer ventilation tube insertions. Furthermore, we found no data on the impact of oral antibiotics on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. None of the trials reported data on speech and language development or on quality of the child's life. We assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We judged the quality of evidence to be moderate for the primary outcome of complete OME resolution at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) and low for the secondary outcome of the number needed to treat to benefit (secondary outcome). We found moderate quality evidence that there is moderate quality (six trials including 484 children) that children were more likely than those receiving no treatment to have complete resolution at any time point. However there is low quality (five trials including 742 children) evidence that these children were also more likely (albeit of low quality) to experience symptoms of diarrhoeaea, nausea and vomiting. We also found low quality data on other secondary outcomes (two trials including 849 children) and found conflicting results. Low quality evidence
We found twelve studies that compared protein restriction with no protein intake in people with type 1 and 2 diabetes. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slow down the rate of kidney failure, but not statistically significant so. We found no data on the effects on health- related health-related quality-life and costs. We also found no evidence that protein intake was reduced in people who were not on a low-pregnant diet. We conclude that protein restriction may slow down kidney failure but the level and compliance of the protein intake is uncertain. We suggest that more research is needed.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality, and seven were of lower quality. The evidence was current to September 2014. The review found that people with moderate to severe brain injury who were already in rehabilitation were more likely to recover from their injury when they received formal treatment, and that commencing rehabilitation early after injury was supported by strong evidence. For people with mild brain injury, who were admitted to hospital with mild injury, those with moderate- to severe-type brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate or severe brain injuries benefit from routine follow- up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Intensive rehabilitation appears to lead to earlier recovery, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness of intensive rehabilitation has yet to be determined. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment where they are compared to a group of individuals who are also facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychology rehabilitation following severe brain damage. Not all questions in rehabilitation can either be answered by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies conducted in the contexts of routine clinical practice.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. This trial compared rooming-in versus separation of the mother and baby. The trial was conducted in the USA and involved women who were discharged from hospital with a baby who was breastfed by a midwife. The women were followed up for between one and six months. The study was funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and the evidence is current to September 2015. The evidence is up to date to September 2016. The review found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in versus separation. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum for the rooming group was slightly higher than the separate care group, i.e. seven times per day. However, the difference was not statistically significant. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding on day one before discharge from hospital was significantly higher in the roomed-in group 86% (99 of 115) compared with 45% (17 of 38) in the separate group. The quality of the evidence was low. The included trial was not large enough to allow us to draw any conclusions about the effects of roomed in versus separate care. Further well-designed randomised trials are needed to investigate full mother-infant rooming and separation versus partial rooming or separate care including all important outcomes.
This review of trials found that sanchi may be beneficial and safe for acute stroke, but the small sample and poor quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised trials are needed.
This review of trials found that the timing of implant placement was not clearly different in patients with and with no new teeth. There is a suggestion that implant placings that are placed right away are more prone to failure, and more serious problems than those that are delayed. There was not enough evidence to show which method of augmenting is best.
We found two trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared clioquinol (a drug that blocks the effects of Alzheimer's and has been shown to be safe) with a dummy pill (placebo) for 36 weeks. The second trial, PBT2, was more rigorous and showed that this drug was safe. There was no evidence that cliocinol (PB1), a drug that is a promising treatment for mild Alzheimer, is any more or less effective than a dummy. There is a need for more research in this field.
We found 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all cause) that met our inclusion criteria. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on an on-going basis, with some as long-term as 12. Two trials specifically looked at the effects of PDE5 inhibitors in people with heart disease. Nineteen trials looked at people with primary heart disease, and the other 19 trials looked only at those with primary lung disease. The trials were conducted in a number of countries. We found that PDE- inhibitors may have some benefits in people who had a heart attack, and in people whose heart was damaged. People who had heart disease were 22% less than those who did not have a PDE drug (8 trials). People who were treated were 48 metres (48 metres) more likely to walk 48 to 56 metres further in six months (8 studies, 880 participants) and 22% fewer people were dead (8 randomised controlled trials, 1119 participants). People treated with PDE inhibitors were 32 metres further than those on placebo (4 trials, 282 participants). There was an increased risk of adverse events with PTE, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and muscle pain. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of deaths between those treated with a PTE and those on a placebo. There were limited trials comparing PDE inhibitor treatment directly with other PAH-specific therapy (endothelin receptor antagonists (ERAs). People on a PET with an ERAs walked 49 metres further (49 metres further) than those taking an ERA. There is no evidence that PTE improves lung function in people having a heart disease or COPD. There are no clear benefits of PTE in people suffering from heart disease and COPD, and there is no clear benefit for people with PH. There may be some benefit for the use of PET in people in the primary heart of heart disease who
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared multiple injections of nerve stimulation with single injections of local anaesthesia for axillary plexus block. The results showed that multiple injections produced more effective anaesthesia than either single or double injections. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. The time for block performance was shorter for single injection and double injections, but there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections; however, there were no differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. The quality of the evidence was high for the reduction in primary anaesthesia failure and for the improvement in motor block. However the quality of evidence was low for other outcomes. The main limitations of the review were the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants.
We found three studies that compared the growth of children with asthma who received beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day to a placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. All three studies were conducted in children with mild-moderate asthma. The average decrease in growth was 1.54 cm per year (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.15, -1%). The average growth rate was also 1.55 cm per child. The studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in the growth rate is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. If inhaled corticosteroids are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's symptoms and closely following growth.
This review of three trials (139 patients) found that there was no significant difference in the clinical outcome of patients with APD and CAPD. However, patients on APD had more time for work, their families, and social life. There was a small advantage for APD in the young PD population, and in those with a higher risk of employment and higher levels of education. There is a need to be a larger randomized trial of this type of treatment.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS) and time to disease onset, but not in terms (time) to death. The results were not clear for early stage (I-I) HD. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and more advanced stage (II-III) HD patients, but this was due to the fact that CRTs were better for early and IIIA. The risk of SM was higher with CRT, but the effect was not significant for the early stage. The review found that IF- RT was better for advanced stage HD than CT, but it was not clear if this was a true difference. The quality of the trials was low.
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT (RCT) that compared two different opioids. Opioids (oral, transderm, and intrathecals) were given by mouth, through a vein, or through a skin patch. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The average duration of the treatment was six months. The majority of the participants were men. The evidence is current to January 2015. Many participants discontinued long-lasting opioid therapy due to side effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI) 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%]; intrathecal: 8.9%, [CI] 4.0%) to 26.1%. Many participants stopped taking opioids because of side effects, but the evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids long-time experience clinically significant pain relief. Whether quality of life or functioning improves is inconclusive. Many minor side effects occurred, but serious side effects including opioid addiction were rare. The quality of the evidence was weak due to the small number of studies and participants.
We found only one study that compared oxandrolone with placebo (an active substance containing no active substance). The study was conducted at a hospital in the USA and involved 212 participants with spinal cord injury and pressure ulcers. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 years in the oxandrogon group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 years in a placebo group. The study lasted for 24 weeks and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trial found no benefit of oxandolone over placebo for improving ulcer healing. We are uncertain whether oxandolin increases or decreases the risk of serious adverse events as we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. There was very low-certainty evidence on the relative effect of ox and placebo on complete ulcer and adverse event healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period. We assessed the evidence on this outcome as very uncertain. There were no serious adverse effects reported in participants treated with oxandolan. There is no high quality evidence to support the use of anabolic steroids in treating pressure ulcer. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary to assess the effect of anabolite on treating pressure Ulcers, but careful consideration of the current trial and its early termination are required when planning future research. Overall the evidence in this study was of very low quality. This review found no high-quality evidence to show that anabolites are effective in treating the symptoms of pressure ulcures.
We found six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared it to the usual care of people with primary care. The trials were of poor quality. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of health promotion and disease-preventing messages was weak, and the results were not conclusive. The results of the trials were not consistent for the outcome of patient or carer understanding and/or support. For the outcome patient-centre health status, there was no difference in the number of people who used the email service between the groups. For health-care uptake, there were no differences in the two groups. No data were reported on the harms of email to health-based care. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low. We found that the trials we found were at high- risk of bias.
This review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. Nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their treatment for vertigo. The addition of the postural restrictors to Epley did not improve the results for the vertigine test. There was no evidence of a difference in the effects of mastoid oscillation (where the Epleys' head turns in a certain way) or of additional steps in the Eley manoeuvre. No adverse effects were reported. There is evidence supporting a statistically significant effect of post-elevation postural restriction compared to the E pley manoeuvres alone. However, it is important to note that this statistically significant result only highlights a small improvement in treatment efficacy. An EpleY manoeuvre alone is effective in just under 80% of patients with typical BPPV. The additional intervention of postural postural restricting has a number needed to treat (NNT) of 10. The added postural restricted postural pressure does not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised. Specific patients who experience discomfort due to wearing a cervical collar and inconvenience in sleeping upright may be treated with the Ecley manoeuvr alone and still expect to be cured in most instances. There were no serious adverse effects reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPP, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. There are no reports of benefit of mastoids oscillation applied during the Epey manoeuve, or of extra steps in an 'augmented' Epleya manoeuvre, or the routine application of mastoidal oscillation. Neither treatment is associated with adverse outcomes. Further studies should employ a rigorous randomisation technique, blinded outcome assessment, a post-treatment Dix-Hallpike test as an outcome measure and longer-term follow-up of patients.
We found four studies that compared the effectiveness of different types of surgery for people with rhinosnusitis with nasal cysts. These four studies included 231 people. The studies compared the use of different treatments, such as endoscopy, polyps and steroids, and the use or use of various types and dosage of steroids. The results of the review did not show that one type of treatment was better than the other. The quality of the studies was low or low. The main reasons for this were poor study design, small sample size, and poor reporting. The review found no evidence that one treatment was more or less successful than the next. There were no important difference in the types of treatments and the types and dose of the steroids in terms of the patient-rated symptom score, health-related health- related symptom score or the health-based health-specific symptom score. There was no difference in patient-reported health-health-based symptom score and other health-relevant health-care-related symptom score measures. There is no clear difference in side-effects of the treatments. Complications were not well-reported, but there were some reports of up 21% for medical treatment, 14.3% for surgical treatment, and 1.5 for both types. Epistaxis (a serious side- effect) was the most common side-effect with both types of treatment. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2014. The overall quality of evidence was very low. This means that we cannot be certain about the results. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain. As the overall evidence is of very low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem, which has significant implications for quality of life and healthcare service
We included eight trials (709 participants) in this review. Seven trials were from Asia, Africa, Europe and Latin America, and four trials from the United States. The trials lasted between one and nine months. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared zinc-Fortified staple Foods in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc (comportison 2). The interventions lasted between 1 and 9 months. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that foods fortified with zinc increased the serum or plasma zinc levels compared to foods without added zinc. However, participants consuming foods fortified in combination of zinc and other nutrients had similar risk of underweight and stunting (low-quality evidence). A single trial of adding zinc to iron in wheat flour did not find a reduction in proportion of zinc deficiency. We did not see a difference in serum or blood zinc levels in participants consuming the same food with zinc plus other nutrients but no added zinc (low quality evidence). No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included trials were small and had some limitations in their design. We rated the quality of evidence as low or low for most outcomes.
We included 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic disease. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies compared the use of non-steroidal antiandrogens with medical or surgical castration for men with advanced prostate cancer. The results of the studies suggest that men with prostate cancer treated with non-stimulant drugs are less likely to die from their disease than men who are treated with castration alone. The use of antiandrogen drugs also increases the risk of treatment discontinuation due to side effects, including breast pain, gynaecomastia (a condition in which the lining of the womb is affected by cancer), fatigue, loss of sexual interest and urinary frequency. The quality of evidence for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure was rated as moderate. The risk of other side effects such as breast pain and hot flashes was rated by the review authors as moderate, but the quality of the evidence for these side effects was low. The review authors concluded that the use non-sertraline antiandrogens is less effective than medical or surgery for men who have advanced prostate disease. However, the quality and quantity of evidence is moderate. Further research is likely to have an important impact on results for patients with advanced but non-metastatic prostate cancer who are given non-strange antiandrous drugs. However we believe that research is unlikely to be necessary on non-steeroidal anti-cancer drugs for men.
We found eight trials that included a total of 600,000 women in the analyses. Three trials with adequate risk of bias did not show a reduction in breast cancer deaths at 13-year follow-up. Four trials with suboptimal risk of biased results showed a significant reduction in the number of women dying from breast cancer. The trials with inadequate risk of random errors did not find an effect of screening on total cancer mortality or on all-cause mortality after 13 years. The evidence is current to September 2013. The overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The number of breast cancer operations and the number and severity of the cancer were higher in the screened groups. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy. The quality of evidence was very low. The review found that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk.
We included four studies, with 522 women, in the review. Three studies compared 10,000 units of hCG priming with no priming, and one study compared 20,000 unit of hCSG priming versus 10,,000. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. Three of the studies only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (N=400). The evidence was of low quality. The main limitations of the evidence were lack of blinding (women and doctors knew which treatment they were receiving) and imprecision (differences between studies). When 10, thousand units of priming was compared to no primed hCG, we found no evidence of a difference in live birth rates, miscarriage rates, or clinical pregnancy rates. However, our findings suggested that hCG may be associated with a reduction in clinical pregnancy rate, but the evidence was limited by the small number of data included. The study comparing 20, thousand unit of primed versus 10 thousand unit priming did not report enough data to enable us to calculate odds ratios. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. As no data were available on adverse effects (otherly than miscarriage), we could not adequately assess the safety of hCP priming. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of h CG priming in IVM.
This review of 24 trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent dementia in older post-menopause postmenopopausal post-eclampsia. There is good-evidence that both treatments do not improve cognition in post-postmenopausal post menopause. It is not clear if ERT or HRT have any effect in sub groups of post- menoposed post-pregnancy post-surgical post-dissension post-partum women. There was no evidence that ERT was beneficial in older pre-eosinoprostol post-manopausal postmenopausal pre-menstrual syndrome. There were no data on the effects of HRT on cognitive function. The review found that there was no clear evidence that HRT or ERT can prevent dementia when given as short- or long term (up- to- five year) treatment. There are no data to show that HMR or EHR can prevent cognitive decline in older women. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menoposition (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these uncertainties by the year 2010. In the meantime, based on the available evidence, ERT cannot be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or maintenance in older Postmenopausal women without cognitive impairment.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies compared the same combination of ICS/LABA with LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium). We found no difference between the two inhalers for the following outcomes. We found that the combination of inhaled ICS and LABA had no difference in the risk of death, COPD flare-ups, or exacerbations. We are not sure if once-weekly ICS or LAMAs are more effective or less harmful than LAMA for COPD. We did not find any difference in side-effects. We were not able, however, to show that once-daily flutein/lutein A/B inhalers are more or less safe than LOMAs. We rated the quality of the evidence as very-low for all of the main outcome measures. We identified one ongoing trial with 80 people. We will include this trial when we have more data. We do, however (if we are able) to include it in the review in a future update.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials that compared the efficacy of antidepressants (two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapies), as well as of CBT, in patients with BDD. The results of these studies suggest that antidepressants (fluoxetine, clomipramine, and desiprine), as a group, are more likely to be effective than a group of people who do not take these drugs. Symptom symptoms were also reduced with these drugs, as well the relapse rate. A low rate (4/22) was observed in one of the CBT trials. The findings from the small number of studies included in this review need to be replicated. In addition, future studies, such as those in other samples, such in children, and in other selective SRIs, as a range (both in alone and in combination), are needed.
This review identified three randomised trials that examined cotrimoxazole pro-phylaxis in HIV-infected adults. The three trials included 268 adults. In the three trials, cotracoside was used to treat an acute case (at least six months) of opportunistic infections. The trials found that cotricoside desensitization resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV patients with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to cotrioxazoles. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Further randomised controlled trials are urgently needed.
We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The duration of the studies was between five days and 28 days. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to February 2015. We found no new trials for this update. The three trials enrolled 148 newborn infants. The babies were monitored for between one and 28 weeks. The drugs were given by intravenous infusion (midazolam) or by injection (placebo). The babies received midazolams or placebo (placebos) for at least one week. The infants were monitored during the study period. The results of the trials showed that the babies receiving midazolinam had a longer stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and were more likely to have a higher incidence of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) compared with the placebo group. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of babies and the small numbers of babies studied. The included trials did not provide sufficient evidence to support the use of midazolanam as a sedative for newborn babies.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. The evidence was current to August 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The duration of the trials ranged from one to 12 weeks. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2014. There were no differences between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for the presence of diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment. No difference was detected for the occurrence of diarrhoeala at five to seven days after the start of treatment, clinical failure, or duration of illness. The average difference for diarrhoeas was 0 days, fever was 0.27 days, and duration of hospitalisation was 0 day. The number of negative stool cultures for NTS was higher in the antibiotic group. Antibiotics given to people with NTS resulted in a higher number of adverse events. The most common adverse events were mild to moderate side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in the review. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, type of infection, main diagnosis, setting, country, positive threshold, and sepsis criteria. The included participants were diverse. The average age was between 65 and 74 years. The mean age of the participants ranged from 65 to 75 years. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the test domain in QUADAS-2. The quality of the evidence was variable across studies. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of sepsitis with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients under suspected sepssis would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have sepsi. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed of septicaemia. The conclusions of the study will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of this review once they are fully evaluated and published.
We included 29 randomised controlled studies (5718 participants). Four studies compared wound dressing with no wound dressing, and 25 studies compared different kinds of wound dressings. The studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI-related events, and were not clearly reported. There were no studies that looked at the effect of dressing on the risk of infection. We are unsure of the effect on the rate of SSIs. We also have some concerns that the studies were at risk of bias, and we are unsure if they were well designed. We found no studies looking at the cost of the dressings, and it is unclear if dressing costs are an issue. We judged the certainty (the certainty) of evidence to be low or very low, mainly due the small number of studies, small numbers of people, and the small size and small number (in the range 1-30 participants) of the studies. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of biased studies and imprecision. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysed data below: - film dressings compared with basic wound contact dressings following clean surgery (very low certainty evidence). - hydrocolloid dressings (very-low certainty evidence) compared with simple basic wound contacts following clean or contaminated surgery (two-low confidence). - silver-containing dressings and hydrocoloid dressers compared with plain basic wound touch dressings after potentially contaminated surgery. - hydricolloid and silver-based dressings versus basic woundcontact dressings for wound dressing following clean and contaminated surgery, respectively (verylow certainty). - film and hydricoloid wound contact dressing compared with silver- and basic wound Contact dressings in people with potentially contaminated wounds (very very low certainty). There was limited and low certainty certainty evidence on other outcomes such as scarring, acceptability
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared supplements or placebo (diet pills) with other dietary supplements for women at risk of postpartum postpartuental distress. One trial randomised 179 women but the results of this study were not provided for 85. E80-three women were randomised to each arm. Sustained use (seenium) was compared to a tablet of sugar tablets (placebo), which was taken from 12 to 20 weeks of pregnancy. Seenium had no effect on postnatal depression. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid with placebo. The trial randomising 126 women at high risk of developing postpartunental depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Three women in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm, and one woman in the placebo arm were lost to follow-up. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in theEPA arm, 4 in theDHA arm and seven in the fake pill) were included in the analysis, while those who were lost were not. The study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. The review found no evidence to support the use of supplements or dummy pills for preventing postpartuma depression. No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the presence of major depressive disorder at six to eight weeks postpartus, the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of newborn babies to the neonatal intensive care unit. There is currently no evidence from randomised trials to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postnatal postnatal depressive disorder.
We identified 11 studies that evaluated the effects of different doses of anthracycline in people with leukopenis, leukenia, and cancer. We found that an anthraciline infusion of six hours (or more), or more, reduces the risk of heart failure and the risk that the heart may be damaged. We did not find a difference in the risk for heart failure in people who had an anthraciline peak dose of less than or more than 60mg per day. We could not find any evidence that a higher dose of anthracylines reduced the risk in people treated with a cancer. There was no evidence that an earlier dose of an anthraprotective drug (e. g. doxorubsicines) was more effective than an earlier one. We were not sure if there was a difference for the dose of doxorbicine (epsilon doxytocin) or epirubicin (epirubin) in people having a solid tumour. We also found no evidence for a difference between different peak doses of different anthracies. We are not sure whether different peak dose durations of anthraptors are better or worse than one another. We cannot be sure that different peak durations are better than one other. We do not know if different peak dosages are better for people with different cancers. We need more high-quality research in this area.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Most studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most of the studies were conducted in hospital and included participants who had had a brain tumour. The duration of treatment varied from 24 hours to two weeks. The studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. We found no high-quality evidence that hypothermia is beneficial in the treatment of people with TIA. We considered duration of hypothermic therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform a meta-analysis. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for mortality and unfavourable outcome to very low. We also downgraded evidence for pneumonia to low. The quality of evidence for the pneumonia outcome was very low because of differences in the design of the included studies. We judged the quality to be low for all outcomes. The included studies were of poor quality and the results may be explained by differences in design and methods.
The purpose of this review was to assess the effectiveness of family therapy for the treatment of people with depression. The review included three high- and three low-quality studies, with 519 people. The studies were of very diverse design, and the results were not consistent. The results from three of the three studies, which were of mixed quality, showed that, on the whole, there was not much evidence for the overall efficacy of the family treatment. The current evidence base is too small and diverse to be sure that the use of family treatment is effective.
This review identified three trials involving a total of 206 participants. All patients with vascular dementia were randomised to receive Duxil. The trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The results of this review did not provide enough evidence to support the use DuxIL for the treatment of patients with dementia. High- quality and large, large-scale randomised trials are needed.
This review of trials found that people who had drains inserted after lymphadenectomy had a lower risk of having a serum (a type of lymph node) after lymphadectomy. There was no difference in the risk of infection, but drains may have led to an increase in length of stay in the hospital. There were no significant effects on the number of people with lymphoedematomas (a swelling of the lymph glands) or haematomatoma (a blood clot) in the drain group. There is no evidence that drains are more likely to cause harm.
This review of trials found that the evidence for the association of flavonoids, the main flavonoid, with colorectal neoplasms was conflicting. There was no clear evidence that the total intake of flavons, I soflavone, Flavonols, and Flavanone, or that high anthcyanin intake had an inverse association with colororectally advanced colorestal neomas. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence regarding flavonoidal intake and the prevention of coloreCTal neomontomas. Therefore, more evidence is needed to clarify the association between flavonotic intake and colorecolorectals.
We identified seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of the slow response, and three other trials (including one that did not) use the second. The duration of treatment was 48 weeks to 72 weeks. All trials had high risk of bias. The length of treatment did not affect the number of participants who had a sustained response to treatment. The number of patients who relapsed virologic disease was found to be lower in the groups that had been on the treatment for 72 weeks, but the length of the treatment did have no effect. The single trial that reported side-effects did not show a difference in the two groups. The review found that the length (48 weeks to 24 weeks) of the current treatment with pegintefon plus ribavirin may be associated with a higher proportion of patients having a sustained virological response compared to those who had been treated for 48 weeks. The observed effects can be due to both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance). There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and side-effect data was insufficient. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the policy of extending the treatment period for slow responders.
We found two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the accuracy of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer who had tumours that were found to be resected by CT scan. The two studies were of low risk of bias. The studies were conducted in the USA and the UK. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of the EUS for people with cancer that was found to have resectable disease by CT scans. The results of the studies were inconclusive. The average probability of having a cancer that had not been surgically removed after CT scan was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectables cancer after CT scans had unresectable disease on laparotomy). The summary estimate of sensitivity of EUs for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97) and the summary estimate for specificity for unrectability was 1.80 (95 CI 0.40 to 096). The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 (95. CI 1.0 to 18.6) and 0.2 (95CI 0.0.0) respectively. At the mean pre-test probability of 60.0%, the post-test percentage of unresectables disease for people who had a positive EUS (EUS indicating unresectation) was 86.9% (95-CI 60.9%, 95% CI 60.6%, 96.6%) and the post test percentage of people with a negative EUS was 20.0% (5.1% to 53.7%). This means that 13% of people (95%) with positive EUs have potentially resectably cancer and 20% (4% to 5%) of people without EUS have unresectably cancer. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of EU in people who have pancreatic cancers found to contain resect
We identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared different treatments, such as warm compresses, eyelids being washed, and topical steroids, with each other. We found no strong support for the use of any of these treatments in terms of cure. Lid hygiene, such a warm compress, may be helpful for blehpless patients. Topic antibiotics, such an ointment, may help, but there is no strong evidence that they are helpful. Topics, such, oral antibiotics, and warm compres, are not shown to be helpful. There is not much evidence that any of the treatments are helpful in terms or cost-effectively. There are no trials that have compared the use or misuse (or lack) of commercial products. More research is needed.
We found one study with a total of 23 participants. The study was at high risk of bias and the results were imprecise. There was no significant difference between the groups in the reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopic (by measuring the size of the lung). Adverse effects were poorly reported. One child with severe RRP needed an air tube for a few hours after photodynamic treatment. There is not enough high- quality randomised controlled trials to be sure that photodynamic therapy is of any help in patients with RRP. More research is needed.
We found 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality. The studies were conducted in the 1980s and included a small number of participants. The majority of studies were of poor quality. In most studies, the participants were male and the average age was between 40 and 60 years. The average duration of the studies was between three and six weeks. The duration of follow-up ranged from one to 12 weeks. In 16 studies, participants were followed up for between one and six months. The results of the review showed that CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity (i.e. sensitivity before and after the use of contrast). The studies also showed that both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity (i) for ruling in endoleaks, i) for the detection of endoleak and ii) for identifying the type of endolesak and the subsequent therapeutic management. In an endoleaking surveillance programme, CE-CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive to establish the type and severity of endleak and to establish how to manage the endoleake.
We found seven studies, with 766 participants, which reported on low back pain only. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were of good methodological quality, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported treatment group mean or median scores, finding greater reduction in pain for sterile water. However, the studies did not demonstrate a normal distribution for pain intensity or relief, and use of different scales meant meta-analysis was inappropriate. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water compared to saline water. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. Further large, method rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain in labour.
We included 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants in this review. The studies compared glue versus suture. The evidence is current to January 2015. The results showed that glue may reduce chronic pain after hernia repair compared with suture, but the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant. The number of people who experienced recurrence of hernia was similar between the two groups. The length of time taken for the hernia to heal was similar. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all outcomes. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high risk of systematic error. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of evidence for the outcomes is moderate to very low. Based on the short-term results, glue may be a sensible alternative to sutures for mesh fixation in hernia repairs. Larger trials with longer follow-up and high quality are warranted. The difference between synthetic glue and biological glue should also be assessed in the future.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of the effects of the 'package' (i) of technical edits. Only three of the studies were randomised trials. A package of largely unspecified methods of technical editing was found to be beneficial in two studies. A 'package of' methods was found in three studies. Providers of written instructions to authors were found to have an effect on the quality of the papers. More intense methods were found in one of these. A number, but not all, of the methods were of high quality. The review found that more intense methods, such as providing written instructions, were found not to be as good at improving the papers' quality. However, there is some evidence that the 'Package of' technical edits, which is the 'provider' of the articles, does improve the papers, but more research is needed.
We found 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain, mainly due to different types of malignancy. All studies were performed in adults; there were no studies on young people. The studies were small, of short duration, and most had shortcomings in their methods. The available evidence suggests that, when used as a single dose, codeine is more effective than a dummy pill, but with an increase risk of side-effects, such as nausea, nausea, and constipation. We found no data for the effects of the drug on the number of people who stopped taking it. We were not able, however, to draw any firm conclusions on the effects on the safety or the long-term tolerable of codeine. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low, mainly as the studies were of small size, and the results were not always consistent.
We found 12 trials (11 trials with 563 participants) that evaluated the effects of education on the knowledge of sickle cell disease, its symptoms, and its use. The trials were of mixed quality. The majority of participants were from the African-American community. The interventions lasted from one hour to eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including in the USA, Canada, the UK, Australia, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main results of the review were that educational programs improved patient knowledge of the disease and depression. There was evidence that caregiver knowledge also improved. The effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods than for caregivers. There were no differences between the groups in the number of patients or caregivers who were able to recognise signs and symptoms of disease-related illness and the number who were successful in self-managing. There is no evidence that educational program improved the use of health services. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression, and further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. The evidence is current to January 2015.
We included six studies with 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old. The duration of treatment was 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included people with both focal and generalized onset seizures, and five studies included people only. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found that people taking brivaracetam with other drugs were more likely to have a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than people taking placebo. They were also more likely than people on placebo to achieve seizure freedom. However, people taking add-on brivar acetam were more than twice as likely to withdraw from treatment because of side effects compared with people taking a placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the reduction in seizures, but it was low for the incidence of people withdrawing from treatment for any reason. The included studies did not report how participants were blinded to the treatment they received, and one study did not describe how blinding was maintained. One study did report how people were allocated to treatment groups, and another noted discrepancies in reporting. The overall quality of evidence was low. The main limitations of the review were that only one study was of high quality, and all studies were short-term. Therefore, the results of this review are mainly applicable to people with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries. Many of these studies explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps and rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they received. Lack of information led to worry and regret (worried and/or regret) about their decision to vaccine. Parents wanted more balanced and fair (high) and balanced (low) information. They wanted more vaccination information to be provided in a wider range of settings, in good time and at a wider number (low to high) of locations (low or very low) and in a way that was suitable to their needs (high or very high). They wanted to be able to trust the sources of the information they were given, and they had specific expectations of their interactions with health workers (high). Poor information and poor relationships with health staff (high and low) may have impacted on parents' decisions to get vaccinated. Some of these parents found it hard to trust which vaccination source to trust (high confidence). The amount of information they wanted, and the sources they felt could be trust, may be linked with more parents being more likely (low and very low confidence). None of these trials addressed parents' negative reactions to the negative media stories or their perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or low or mixed confidence in the results. We think that more research, especially in low- to middle to high- to low-income country settings, could help us to strengthen the findings.
We found 10 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that tested different types of individual therapies. We found that the quality of evidence was very low. Trials tested diverse psychological treatments, and the comparators were poor. The results suggest that treatment as a TAU, when given to a non-E.D. therapist or similar, may be less effective than focal psychodynamic therapy. However, there was no difference in the number of people who achieved a good or moderate outcome (the 'gold-level' on the scale of success) on the eating disorder scale. There was a suggestion in one trial (40 people) that focal psychodynamics (psychodynamic therapy) might be better than TAU. There were no clear benefits of dietary guidance for anorexic patients. There is no clear evidence that specific treatments are better than any other. The quality of the evidence was low. The main reasons for this were poor study design, small sample size, and poor reporting.
The evidence is current to August 2015. We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 516 participants. One trial was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to either siliconeOil or perfluropropane gas. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. The first two trials were funded by the National Eye Institute, and the third trial had a funding source from the German Research Foundation. The use of either perflurpropane or standard silicone oils appears reasonable for most patients with RD associated with PVR. Because there do not appear to be any major differences in outcomes between the two agents, the choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. There were no significant differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. For macular detachment, participants treated with silicone oil received significantly more favourable outcomes than did participants who received sulfur hexa-fluoride gas at both one year and two years. There was no significant difference between silicone Oil and SF6 gas in the change in visual acity at one year, but there were no differences between SF6 and SF2 gas in two years in terms. There is no evidence of superiority between siliconeOil and SF. There are no significant benefits of using heavy silicone oils over standard silicone. The choice of tamponide agent should therefore be individualizing for each person. The evidence is up to date to August 2016.
We included five studies (involving 1819 women). The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the Netherlands. The evidence was current to February 2017. The review found that planned early delivery is associated with less composite maternal morbidity and mortality. There was no clear difference in the composite outcome of infant mortality and severe morbidity. There were no clear differences between groups for caesarean section, duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby or for the baby. There is no clear evidence that planned delivery is better than planned delivery for the outcomes of maternal morbidities and mortality, caesarian section, caearean sections, duration and length of hospital stays for the woman and her baby. The quality of the evidence was graded as high for the outcome of composite maternal mortality and morbidity, moderate for caeasarean births, duration after delivery for mother and duration of stay in hospital after delivery, and low for the other outcomes. The main limitations of the studies were that the studies did not use blinding of women and staff to the group being compared, which could have affected aspects of care and decision-making. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the overall outcomes of composite infant mortality, duration, caedarean birth, caestation, cacessation and length and hospital stay after delivery. The included studies were of good quality.
This review of six randomised trials (including 142 participants) found that prophylactic clot-busting drugs can prevent joint bleeds and other bleeding in children with hemophilitis. There is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to confirm the observational evidence that proprophylaxis decreases bleeding and related complications in patients with existing joint damage. There are no data on the best prophyleactic regimen for preventing bleeding in adult patients.
We included 13 trials involving 18 24 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies aimed for remission to continue for at least six months. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between treatment treatment groups, however, the difference between treatment schedules was not significant. In summary, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. This review highlights a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the overall evidence for this review is not robust as studies have been small, small and have been poorly reported.
The review authors identified two studies that compared the use of oral or intravascular injections of RhD-receptor antagonist (RHD) to a dose of 1500 IU (300 micrometre) of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. The studies were conducted in the USA and the number of women included in the studies was small. The women were given either an oral or intravenous injection of anti-D. The trials did not show that the two routes of administration of anti D were any different. The review authors found insufficient information upon which to guide practice due to the limited number of included studies, small sample sizes and methodological limitations.
We identified eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or a dummy pill (dilute). Five studies compared clopidogrel with either a single dose of the drug as well as a combined dose of clopids (aspirin, dipyridamole, or clopidine/dipiridamol), or clopsidogs with a single dosage (clopidogs) of the same drug (asirin). The studies were of good quality. The mean follow- up of the trials was from 365 days to 9.13 days. The available evidence for ADP receptor antagonists in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients with and without diabetes separately. There were no data available from any of the studies on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for patients in the trials, or costs. Therefore, recommendations for the use of ADP-receptor antagonists for the prevention of CVD in patients in patients without diabetes are based on available evidence from trials including patients with both diabetes and CVD. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup analyses of patients with CVD risk factors in patients who are not diabetic in combination with patients with other CVD are needed to provide a more robust evidence base to guide clinical management in patients.
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, and one a three-month treatment. Six trials evaluated non-invasive support (where the person is given a mask or mask-like device) for airway clearance. Three of the trials reported on one of the main outcome measures (airway clearance). Three of them showed that airway clearance may be easier when the mask is used. We were not sure if non-vasive airway support improves sputum expectoration, but we did find that it may improve some lung function and gas exchange. Three trials reported that non-vacuum support was better than room air. Three studies reported on the effects of non-vinyl support on sleep. One trial, which compared non-vasive support with room-air, found that one person stopped the treatment at the start of the trial due to pain. One of the other three studies found no clear difference in the effects on breathing when non- invasive oxygen was used. One small trial, comparing non-wound support with no non-visage, found no difference in lung function. One large trial, with 13 people, compared non invasively assisted breathing with room air and found no obvious difference in effect. The trial did, however, find that people with cyst fibrotic sputus may be more likely to breathe out gas from the nose and mouth when they are lying in bed. The trials did, in the one that compared nonvasive breathing with no in bed, did not find clear difference. We found no evidence that non invisive support improved lung function, exercise capacity, or symptoms of sleep-disorder. We are not sure how the effects might be different to other types of physiotherapists. We did not have enough data from the trials we looked for. We need more trials to find out if
We included seven studies on 245 participants in this review. These studies compared NIPPVs with nocturnal-NIPPV in people with COPD. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the Netherlands. The mean age of participants was between 65 and 74 years. The average age of the participants was around 70 years. We found that NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable COPD had no consistent clinically or statistically significant effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, lung function, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. The difference in six-minute walking distance was small at around 26 metres and the difference in oxygen levels in the blood was not statistically significant. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The included studies did not show significant improvements in blood gases, health quality of living, lung functions or lung function after 12 months of NIPPVD. However, the small number of participants in these studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NIPV in COPD and further research is needed.
We found four trials, involving 1190 women, that compared induction of labour for babies with macrosomia with no induction. The trials were of high quality. Induction of labour was not shown to reduce the risk of caesarean section, or the risk for force birth, or force delivery. The babies were born with a lower mean birth weight, and had less chance of having a birth fracture. The women who had an induction of the labour had less risk of having an abnormal head of hair (shin bone), and less chance that their babies had a shoulder dystoc (shunt). The babies had less need for a caesar section, and were less at risk of a head fracture. Inducing the labour did not seem to increase the risk that the babies had brachial plexus (the plexum of the brain that surrounds the heart). The women's weight was lower, but the results were not consistent between the studies. The studies did not show that the women's health was better, and the babies' birth weights were the same. The results of the trials were not clear. The evidence is up- to- date as at September 2013. The review found that induction of early labour for suspected macrosomic babies did not change the risk or the rate of caeesareans or force birth. The induction of women with suspected macrosomal babies did, however, lead to a lower birthweight, fewer babies having fewer birth fractures and fewer babies needing a shoulder fracture. There was no clear difference between groups for other outcomes. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of caedarean sections, force birth and force birth for babies, and low for other measures of health. The main limitations of the review were the small number of women and staff in the trials, and that the studies were not blinded to the intervention. The small number and small number (involving only a small number) of women
We found 159 randomised clinical trials that compared vitamin D to no treatment, to other drugs, or to a placebo (dilute) or to other treatments. The trials were carried out in high-income and middle middle and low-middle-middle countries. We found 56 trials with 95,286 people. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70. Forty-eight of these trials randomly assigned 94.491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The remaining eight trials randomly allocated 795 participants with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Fortyfive trials reported the risk of vitamin D adequacy (at or above 20 ng/mL). Participants in 19 trials had vitamin D insufficiency (less than 20 ng or above the recommended level). Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together. Vitamin 3 seemed to decrease mortality in people living in hospitals. Vitamin 2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. Vitamin 4, calcium and vitamin D3 combined with calcium increased the risk for nephrolithiasis. Vitamin 5, calcium alone or in combination with calcium and calcitiol increased the rate of nephroids (a type of kidney disease). Vitamin 6, calcium plus vitamin D may increase the risk. Vitamin 7, calcium, vitamin D2 and calcriol did no significantly affect deaths. We did not find any differences in the effect of vitamin 3 on mortality in trials at low risk of bias compared with trials at high risk of biased (i.e. trials
This review of trials found that three drugs, fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine, can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. The drugs can help to reduce the weight they gain. The effects of these drugs on the body's response to treatment are unclear. The studies were of moderate quality. The effect of sibuetamine on the health is uncertain. There is a lack of data on other drugs for weight loss in people with diabetes. More research is needed. The review authors identified 24 trials that met the inclusion criteria for the review. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were of good quality, but the results were imprecise.
We found five studies that compared the efficacy and safety of VGB with CBZ for treating epileptics. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. The review authors found that VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness than CBZ. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. However, results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. No significant differences were observed between VGB and CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did indicate a disadvantage of VGT for VGT on time from first seizure to first remission. Given the high prevalence of visual field problems reported in an existing systematic review of observational studies (Maguire 2010), VGB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy and should not be considered a first-line choice. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Future research should focus on investigating the reasons for visual field abnormalities and exploring potential prevention strategies. Moreover, future monotherapy studies of epilepsy should report results according to the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and methodological quality should be improved.
We found four randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that evaluated the addition of plerixa for G-CSF to a G-CNSF-stimulating drug treatment. Two of these studies were stopped early, due to low numbers of patients and did not report results. The other two RCTs were recently completed, but have not yet published results. We found no evidence for any difference in the number of deaths or side-effects at 12-month follow-up. The results of the analysed data suggest that additional plerizafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether additional plersixafor affects survival or side effects. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the manufacturer of plersiza for, were published several times. Two more RCTS examining the addition plerxafor to a standard G-cushion treatment were terminated early without reporting any outcome. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed but has not yet reported outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCT, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We found 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to assess. Outcome measures varied between trials, making it difficult to combine the results. Cones were better than no active treatment, but there was not much evidence to show that they were better or worse than PFMT. There were no differences in the results for a woman's subjective cure, or for the outcome of a woman being able to perform a self-assess, for either cone or PFMT, or between the treatments. There was not enough evidence to say that the addition of PFMT was better or worst than cones alone. There is some evidence that weighted cones may be more effective than PFM, but the results were not conclusive. Concenoids could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them acceptable. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
We included eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by the study) in this review. Studies included education, self-watchful self-monitoring, and the use of a decision-assist. The studies were of low to very low- quality. The effect of self-worsening of AF patients' blood clots was unclear. We found that self- monitoring plus education had no effect on TTR. We also found small but positive effects of the education on anxiety, and on depression. The use of the self-help manual, the 'decision aid', and the 'brief decision' (decision-making) aids did not seem to have an effect. The quality of the studies was low to low. The evidence is up- to- date to January 2015.
This review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of having a vaginal birth in 24 hours, but the effect on the number of caesarean sections is unclear. PGE2 tablets, gels, pessaries (and a sustained-use version) and PGF2a (a drug that is used in the treatment of pre-eclampsia) are as good as each other, but small differences are seen, but these may be due to chance.
This review of five trials, which included 247 infants, found that cot-nursing using a hot bed mattress in a hot room did not improve the body temperature of the infant. In the cot group, there were no differences in mean body temperature (4 trials, 235 infants) and there was no difference in the risk of death. There was no evidence that cots- nursing with a hot water-filled bed increased the risk for hyperthermic (hypothermic), or other adverse effects. In one trial, cot nursings with a warming of the bed led to a smaller weight gain in the nursery in week one. There were no significant effects on weight gain for weeks two and three. The review found that the cots were heated in the hot room and that the bed was heated in a heated water-like substance (5.90 g/kg/d). The review also found that there was not much evidence that the use cotnursers were more or less safe.
We included three studies, involving a total of 146 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold-chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques (low to very low-quality data). Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review; however we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We found three studies, involving 244 women, which compared the use of prostaglandins with a dummy drug (placebo) for the treatment of women with a stillborn placidus. The studies were of poor quality. The prostaglandsins used were PG E2 (a drug that is used to treat the uterus), PG E (a hormone) and PG E 1 (misoprostol). The prostags were given to the women by injection or by mouth. The women were given a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that the prostaglanders did not reduce the need for manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion or the time from injection to placental removal. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglanins. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were small and of poor methodological quality. We were unable to make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants. The studies were done in the 1970s. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced risk of treatment failure and death in preterm infants with breathing problems. We also found that use of CDP is associated a lower risk of death and use of breathing support. We did not identify a difference in the risk of pneumothorax (pneumothorchia), a lung infection. We could not determine the best mode of CNP. We were unable, however, to determine the effect of CCP on lung function at birth. We identified no new studies for this update.
We found six studies (157 participants) that compared foam dressings with other types of dressings. Two studies compared foam with basic wound contact dressings and found no difference in ulcers healing. There was no difference between foam dressers and hydrocolloids (matrix) in terms of ulcer-free foot ulcers. There were no studies that looked at foam dresser dressing versus hydrocollsoid (matriarch) dressings in people with diabetes. The studies were small, had limited follow-up time, and were of poor quality. There is no research data to suggest that foam wound dressings are more helpful in the healing of foot ulcer in people who have diabetes.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included 111 patients. The trials compared surgical treatment with endoscopically-guided endoscopy. One of the two trials, which included 32 patients, showed that surgical treatment was better than endoscopic endoscapy in terms of pain relief, but the trial had limitations. Surgic treatment was also better than conservative endoscomy. The trial showed that the surgical treatment resulted in a higher percentage of patients with pain relief. Surgical treatment also resulted in better quality of life, and preserved the function of the pancreas. No major differences were found in terms major post-intervention post-treatment post-discharge complications or deaths. The small trials included in this review do, however, do, not provide enough power to show that there are small benefits of either treatment.
We found only one trial that compared early versus delayed postoperative shower- or bathtime-time-sham-time. This trial was at a high risk of bias. This study included 857 patients who were having skin excisions. The trial was of poor quality. The patients were randomised to either an early (sham) or a delayed (normal) post-operative bathing. The only outcome of the trial was wound infection. There was no difference in the number of wound infections (SSI), which were not reported, in the two groups. The proportion of people who had an early or a late post-operative bathing was 8% in the early group, 8.8% in both groups. We found no conclusive results on the effects of the two types (shame-free) on the number or the risk (wound-free), of wound infection, on the patient's quality of life, or on the cost-effectives. There is no conclusive evidence from trials to show if there is a difference in wound infections when early or late (shower- or bathe) postoperative care is given.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared oral prednisone with no treatment. The trial had a high risk of bias. The study did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. The evidence is up to date to January 2015. The RCT included 35 people with MS. The participants were adults with MS who had been diagnosed with MS and were randomly assigned to receive prednisolone or no treatment for at least 12 weeks. The results of the trial did not show any difference between the two treatments in the number of people who achieved remission, or in the severity of disability or impairment after one year. The quality of evidence was very low. The only trial that reported side effects was of high quality. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone (low-quality evidence) as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) (moderate-quality of evidence). We are very uncertain about the effects of oral prednone compared with no medication because the quality of the evidence is very low, and because the only RCT that exists did not report the primary outcomes for this review. Nevertheless, corticosteroids are commonly used in practice, supported by very low-quality studies. We also know from observational studies that corticostoids carry the long-term risk of serious side effects. Most side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups, but with high-dose monthly oral dexametasone moon facie is probably less common and sleeplessiness may be less common than with oral prednasolone. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote checkups with face-to face check-ups and one study tested the two types. The studies were of variable design and the results were not consistent. The results of the studies were not similar. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check- up need to be treated with oral corticostoids for an asthma attack than those who were seen face- to-face because the results of one study were very wide. In the face-based check-up group, 21 out of 1000 people out of 100 had an asthma flare-up that required oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 out of 10 people in the remote check up group. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the asthma attack outcomes. There was no difference in asthma control or quality of life between the two groups of people who received a remote or face-time check-down. We do not know whether the additional people who were given a telephone check-upp visit benefited from having a check-in. We were not able to say whether remote asthma check-offs are a safe alternative to being seen face to-to-face. We did not find any evidence that remote check ups are better than face-tune check-downs for asthma control, asthma control and quality of the life of people with asthma. We are not confident that remote asthma checks are better or worse than face to face checkups for these outcomes because the studies could not be blinded and the people who assessed the outcome were aware of the type of check-out. We also do not have enough information to say if remote asthma tests are better and worse than being seen by a healthcare professional.
This review of 16 studies, which included 212 participants, showed that exercise does not worsen the symptoms of JI. The results of this review suggest that the short- and long-term effects of the exercise treatment are likely be short-term, but the long- term effects of this treatment are not clear. The studies were all of high quality, but there were too few data to be sure that the results were reliable. The quality of the studies was low, and the results should be viewed with some trepidation.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants. The trials included adults with acute exacerbation of asthma. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpatients and outpatients, but these effects are small and inconsistent. The effects of antibiotics on treatment failure are uncertain. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failures. The trial also showed that antibiotics reduced the risk of treatment failure and length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes treatment failure, length of stay in hospital, and death. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome mortality. The included trials did not show that antibiotics reduce the risk for treatment failure or death. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics are beneficial for health-related quality of life or other patient-reported symptoms. The available evidence does not show any benefit of antibiotics for adverse events. The results of this review are uncertain because the effects of antibiotic treatment on treatment and on death are inconsistent. These inconsistent effects call for research into clinical signs and biomarkers that can help identify patients who would benefit from antibiotics, while sparing antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit and for whom downsides of antibiotics (side effects, costs, and multi-resistance) should be avoided.
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 1414 people (age range 24 to 70; mean 45 to 59, where data were reported) in this review. The studies compared whole-grain diets to diets with no grain. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported the effects of whole- grain diets for cardiovascular disease risk factors including blood lipids and blood pressure. We assessed the overall quality of the evidence on cholesterol as low. The included studies were small and had some design flaws. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular disease or on risk factors such as blood lipid and blood blood pressure, and the overall overall quality was low. There was a need for well-designed, adequately powered RCTS with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review of trials found that early movement of the ankle with weight-bearing (at least six months after surgery) improved ankle dorsiflexion range of motion and reduced pain, but also increased the risk of minor adverse events. There was little evidence of benefit for stretching, manual therapy or exercise compared to usual care following the immobilisation period. There is limited evidence supporting early movement with weight bearing and the use of a removable type of immobilisation to allow exercise during the immobilation period after surgical fixation. There were no trials of rehabilitation interventions during the period after conservative orthopaedic management and no evidence of effect for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise or exercise in addition. There are no trials investigating the use or lack of effect of different types of support or immobilisation. There may be some evidence that some electrotherapy modalities may be beneficial. There has been little research on the use and effectiveness of different interventions for immobilisation after surgery. There have been no trials on the best type of support and immobilisation for immobilising patients after surgery and there is no evidence on the effectiveness of stretching, muscle strengthening or exercise. More research is needed to strengthen the current evidence.
This review of four studies found that home-based nursing interventions have the potential to improve the number of children who take their medication. Two studies, an LPV/r-based regimens (LP/r) and peer-based group therapy (PBP) for children, did not show any benefit in improving adherence. A second non- randomised trial of a home-focused caregiver medication diaries did not find that it had an effect. The third non-randomised trial found that the percentage of children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/R) regimen and children on an NNRTI-containing regimen. However, the percentage that achieved virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LPV regimen than for children receiving the NNNRTIs. A fourth non-Randomised trial, a home based nursing intervention, did show that it improved knowledge and medication refills, but did not have an effect on CD4 count or viral load. A non-RCT of peer support group therapy for adolescents demonstrated no change in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80%. A second RCT of caregiver medications diaries showed that the intervention group had fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control group, although this difference was not statistically significant. The intervention had no effect on the CD4 percentage or viral loads. Medication diaries do not appear to have an impact on adherence or disease outcomes. Two interventions, anLPV and peer support therapy for children did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, but demonstrated greater viral load suppression compared to control groups, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART are needed.
This review found five studies (696 participants) that compared oral fenoprofen 200 mg with a placebo (dilute) or other active comparators. The results of these five studies showed that fenuproen 200 mg is an effective treatment for acute post-surgic pain. The NNT (number of people with at least 50% pain relief) was 2.3 (1.9 to 3.0). There were not enough data to assess the effects of the other doses of fenopa-based painkillers, the time to use of rescue medication, or the number of people who had to be treated with rescue medication. There was no difference in the number who had side-effects (adverse events), but no one reported any major side- effects.
This review included six trials, which included 857 women. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for women with prolapse against no PFMT, two compared PFM to women who had had prolapse and one trial used PFMT in addition (with or without the use) to women's usual treatment. The trials were small, and two had a high risk of bias. The largest most recent trial, which was carried out in 2013, suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFM. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Two out of three trials which reported urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups in favour of the PFM group. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency and more bother with symptoms in the group compared with the control. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the PFMS group in terms stronger muscles. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no change in symptom score change between groups, whilst another found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the control groups compared to those in the trial group. There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of PFMT for prolapse symptoms and severity. The evidence relating to effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of PFM, of different intensities, for symptomatic prolapse in the medium and long term is needed. A large trial of PFMWT supplementing surgery
This review of trials found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear CSOM in people with CSOM. Topical quinoleons are better than no drug or antiseptics at clearing CSom, but the effects of quinoles on other treatments (elevating blood flow, healing, and hearing) are less clear. Topicicoids are also more likely to cure CSOM, but their effects on the patient's health are less well-known. The review found no clear evidence that quinoids are better at clearing aural aureus (e.g., CSOM), but the evidence was weak. The results were inconclusive about the effects (if any) of quinsolones on non-quinolone (ezocapro, fluocinol, or molar) antibiotics. The quality of the trials was poor, and the length of follow-up was short.
We found 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants. Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011. The studies were conducted in a wide range of countries and were conducted at different time periods. The evidence is current to April 2013. The review shows that FRS correctly identifies people with schizophrenia 75% to 95% of the time. However, the use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Again, with a sensitivity of 60%, reliance on FRS for triage of people with suspected schizophrenia will not correctly diagnose around 40% of people that specialists will consider to have schizophrenia. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will wrongly consider to be having schizophrenia, could be prematurely discharged from care if triage relies on the presence of Frs to diagnose them. Empathetic, considerate use of the FRS should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. However we cannot recommend the use FRS in triaging for schizophrenia in the first time.
We included 10 studies in this review, of which 5 were new to this update. The studies were conducted between 2000 and 2013 and involved 2003 children with atopic eczema. All studies were designed to provide education and psychological interventions to children with eczemas. The interventions were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. The largest study (n = 992) provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. The study showed that the intervention improved the severity of eczma and quality of life in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. The results of this review are based on a search of the medical literature up to January 2015. The review found that the studies were of poor quality. The evidence is up to date to January 2016. The included studies were small and of poor methodological quality. We found that there is limited evidence that educational and psychological treatments can improve eczmata severity and quality in children. However, there is some evidence that these treatments may lead to improvements in eczmia severity and in quality of the life of the children. The quality of evidence was low to moderate. The educational studies in both the original review and this update lack detail about the way they were designed and do not use a complex framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. The overall quality of studies was low. The main limitations of the evidence were poor reporting of study methods and small sample sizes.
This review of trials found that for people with LRTI affecting tissues of the head, neck, and anus, HBOT is likely to be beneficial. There was some evidence that people with this disease may be more likely to have a mucus cover of the mouth and a wound break down if HBOT was used. HBOT may be beneficial for people who have had a tooth extraction in an irradiated field. HBot may be effective for people whose teeth have been damaged. HBots may be helpful in treating people with other symptoms of LRTIs. There is no clear evidence that HBOT has an effect on the brain. There were no reports of side-effects. The review found that HBot is likely not to be of great benefit in people with brain damage due from the exposure of nerve damage.
We found 10 randomised controlled studies involving 2961 surgeons. Four studies focused on closure of the abdominal wound, two on caesarean section, two vaginal repair, two hip replacements, and two on hip replacement. The use of blunt needle stapling was compared to the sharp needle. The results of the studies show that the use of the blunt needle is more likely to prevent one glove perfusion (perfusion) than the use sharp needle stasps. The risk of needle stick injuries was also reduced. The number of needle sticks that a surgeon sustained was also lower. The quality of the evidence was high. There is high-level research that shows that the risk of exposure to blood and fluids is reduced by the use blunt needle.
The evidence is current to September 2014. We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotics. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. The studies were conducted between four and 52 weeks long. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between triffluoperazine and low-head antipsychotic drugs in terms of response to treatment, acceptability of treatment and movement disorders. However, at least one movement disorder was significantly more frequent in the trifflunopazine group. There was no significant difference in numbers with at least at least two adverse effects between the two groups. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from low to moderate quality. More, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of triflunopride and low to high-potencies antipsychoids.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in pre term infants in the phase from intragastric tube to oral feeds. The trials were small, and the trials were of poor quality. The findings of this review are based on low- to very- low- quality data. We found that feeding in the response to feeds and cues can help pre term pre term babies to eat more food and drink more fluids. The results of the trials did, however, show that the babies who fed in the same way as the infants fed at scheduled times have a slightly slower rate (1.36 g/ kg/ day), and some of these babies may be fed earlier (5.53 days) than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. The evidence is up to date as of January 2015. The quality of the evidence was low. The included trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong or clear evidence that responsive feeding affects important outcomes for preterm infants or their families.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 people. One trial showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial blood tests (ABI) in people who were given folic acid and 5-methyllite (5-MTHF) compared with placebo. The second trial with a combined total of 18 people showed that the ABI was not significantly different in people taking multivitamin B supplements compared with a placebo. No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further well-designed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies that compared the impact of different types of payment systems. One study compared the effect of a fee-for-service and a fissure sealant payment with the use of fissures sealants. The other study looked at the impact on the use and maintenance (replacing) of teeth in children with a capitec tooth. The study found that the capitecs were less likely to fill teeth and to have fillings and tooth extractions, but they were more likely to give more advice. The studies did not report on the impact that the payments had. We found no studies that looked at other forms of remuneration, such as the cost-effectiveness of the payments. We judged the risk of bias to be high. We rated both studies as being at high risk of systematic error. We also rated the quality of the studies as low/very low. We did not find any studies that used a method that could be used to assess the impact the payments made to dentists had.
We found 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. The trials were generally of good quality. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (14% relative reduction in the number of babies born before term). This was not accompanied by a reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight. No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were found between the groups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweights, and was low for stillbirth or neonate death and birthweight, and for stillborn or neonatally premature babies.
We included 10 randomised controlled studies (1656 participants) in this review. All trials used probiotics in addition to antifungal drugs. The evidence is current to August 2014. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month but did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. Probotic use did increase the rate for the occurrence of serious adverse events but did no increase the number of serious side effects. We found no eligible RCTs for outcomes such as time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness. There is a need for well-designed RCTS with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven trials (involving 696 women). The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the world's economic class, and were of very low quality. Two trials were from Germany, one from Iran, one each from Turkey, one in Turkey, and one from Jordan. The trials compared progestogens with no progestogen or with a placebo (fake pill). We found that progestins are probably safe and effective in the treatment of women with a high-risk of threatened miscarriage, but may have little effect on pre-term birth. We are not sure if progestin use has an effect on the rate of pre-birth. We found no difference in pre- birth rates with progestone and no treatment. We were not able, however, to draw any conclusions on the risk of pre term birth. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. We rated the quality of this review as having a high risk of bias in six of the seven trials, and a small sample size for some of the other outcome data. We downgrading of the quality was due to the high risk that the trials were at risk of being at high risk.
We found five randomised controlled studies (studies where participants are assigned to one or more treatment groups by chance) that met our inclusion criteria. These studies were carried- out in the USA, the UK, the USA (three) and one in the UK (one) and were conducted in the United Kingdom. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. The majority of participants in four of these studies were people with proliferative diabetic retinopathy; one study recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinitis pigmentosa. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The review found that laser photocoagulation reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic retenopathy with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction in risk of progression of diabetes retinopathies and a similar reduction in the risk for vitreous haemorrhage. None of the studies reported near visual acuity or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is partly due to the fact that the majority of the trials were conducted many years ago, after which panretinal photocoage has become the mainstay of treatment of diabetic retina damage. Future studies should investigate the combination of laser photocompression with newer treatments such as anti-vascular endothelial growth factors (anti-VEGFs).
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy. The participants were mostly men (67%), and the average age was 65. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 1990. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (low quality evidence) and may also reduce the length of stay in the intensive care unit (low or very low quality evidence). We found no differences for mortality (low and very low-quality evidence). There was insufficient evidence to be certain that CPap or NPPVs had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that bilevolvolol may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention (partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) and partial pressure of blood carbon dioxide (PCO2), and blood oxygen levels (partial blood pH) one hour later. The quality of the evidence was low or very poor. The findings of this review indicate that CPAB or bilesvel NTPV is an effective and safe intervention for the treatment of adults with respiratory failure. However, based on the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) methodology, the quality of evidence was either low or low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found four trials involving 388 women that compared different methods of pain relief. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (elevated dose, vinydan- ether; "the 'other" anaesthesic drug) for the use of general anaesthesia, and one trial (with lignocaine) with pudendal (the nerve block) nerve block. The trials were of poor quality and had a high risk of bias. The review found that there is not enough evidence to support one method of pain control as most effective. There is also not enough data to support the use (or lack of use) of one method for pain relief for forceps delivery. The number of women who rated their pain as adequate was higher in the diazapam-based dosing group (101 out of 100 women) than in the vinydin-ether-based group (100 out of 101 women). In a further small trial, no significant difference was seen in the number of pain reduction when diazepapam was compared with ketamine (26 out of 50 women). The trial that compared spinal analgesia to pudenal nerve block found that women receiving spinal analgesa were more likely to regard their pain relief as adequate and were less likely to report severe pain during forceps birth (183 out of 183 women). No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity. In terms of secondary outcomes, women receiving diazepamate compared with vinyden-ether, were significantly less likely than women receiving vinydanaether, but there were no differences in the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). There is insufficient evidence to recommend any particular analgesic agent or method as most helpful for
We found 15 studies that compared yoga with no yoga. The studies were conducted in India, Europe, and USA. The majority of studies were of adults of both sexes with mild to severe asthma. The duration of the studies ranged from two weeks to 54 months. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in quality-of-life and symptoms, but the results were not statistically significant. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication use. No serious adverse events were reported, but data on this outcome was limited. We need more studies with a large number of participants and high methodological and reporting quality to confirm the effects of the practice.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies were of poor quality. We were unable to combine data from the trials because of differences in the way they were conducted. We assessed six of the nine trials (9 trials) as having low- or very- low- quality results. We found that interfon-alpha (IFN) and MTX did not have an effect on the growth of IBM. We also found that metheptathine (MTX) did not slow the growth or stop the progression of IBM, and that anti-T lymphocyte immunoglobulin (ATG) combined with MTX versus MTX provided very low-quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy. We could not combine data for the other comparisons of IVIg, oxandrolone, azathioprine, and arimoclomol. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments included in this review were effective. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for the outcomes of interest.
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 3144 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that linezolid was more effective than vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs, including SSTI caused by MRSA. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the linezodon group than the vancomedine group. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral linezolate than with intravenous vancome. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between linezole and vancomen. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the people treated with linezolol compared with those treated with vancoma. However, more people reported thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder) and nausea when treated with the lineZolid. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezolanol. The quality of the evidence is low. Further well-designed, independently-funded RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We identified eight randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 512 patients. The trials compared the two types of surgery. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. The quality of the evidence was low. The included trials were of poor methodological quality and the outcomes measured were not well defined. The authors of this review recommend that future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
This review of six randomised trials of calcium channel blockers found that there is some uncertainty about their effects. The effect of nimodipine in a group of brain injury patients who have bleeding in the head shows a benefit, but the increase in side-effects suffered by the treatment group may be a problem.
We included four randomised controlled studies (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of several or multiple treatments) with 3090 people. Three trials were of high quality, and one was of low or very low. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2016. The studies compared immediate defibrillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrillation. The results of the studies were inconclusive. The survival to hospital discharge was not significantly different between the two groups. The neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year were not significantly affected by either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment, and we were unable to determine whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We have also been unable to conclude whether either approach provides any degree of superior in OH CA. We suggest that further rigorous research is needed to answer this question.
This review found three randomised trials that compared GnRHa long protocol with GnRH antagonist therapy. The trials were of low quality. The number of oocytes retrieved was less in the GnRH long protocol group. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was higher. Cancellation rates were higher in GnRHA flare up group. No trials reported live birth rates. None of the studies reported a clear difference in the number of women who had ectopoeous pregnancies. There is not enough good- quality research to support the use of GnRha long protocols for the treatment of poor response to controlled ovarystimulation.
This is an update of a review published in 2004. We found 53 randomised controlled trials that compared family intervention with no family intervention. The review found that family intervention may reduce the frequency of relapse events and hospitalisations and encourage compliance with medication. Family intervention may also reduce hospital admission and encourage medication compliance. Family interventions may also improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. We did not find data to suggest that family interventions either prevent or promote suicide. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
We included three randomized controlled trials that compared DEBs with balloon angiography (an angiograph) or uncoated balloon stents. The trials were carried out in the USA, Germany, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2016. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. The studies were conducted in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two companies manufactured the druged balloons (Eurocor, Bonn, Germany; Medtronic, Fridley, Minnesota, USA). The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. The certainty of evidence presented was very low for the outcomes of amputation, target lesion revascularization, binary restenoticosis, death, and improvement of one or more Rutherford categories. The trial results show no difference in the incidence of amputations between DEBs and uncoating balloon angioplasty. DEBs showed better outcomes for up to 24 months for target lesions revascularizing and binary restening of the artery and for one clinical outcome - improvement in Rutherford category post intervention for up-to-24 months. Data show no clear differences in death between DEB and uncompleted balloon angio-stenting. Data were insufficient for subgroup or sensitivity analyses to be conducted. The quality of the evidence was very poor due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We found seven trials that compared steroid treatment with placebo or usual care in 922 children with KD. The studies were conducted in Asia, the USA, Europe, Australia, and the UK. The duration of treatment ranged from one to 24 weeks. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found that corticosteroids reduced the occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities and the duration of fever, and reduced the time taken for laboratory tests to normalise. We also found that the length of hospital stay was reduced by about one day. We did not find any evidence that steroids increased the risk of death or serious adverse events. We are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this review. Evidence was of moderate quality for the incidence of serious adverse effects, mortality and time for laboratory parameters to normalify. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence showed that the incidence was moderate for the occurrence and duration of coronary arteries abnormalities, duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash) and length of stay in hospital. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Evidence shows reduced inflammatory markers (e.g. ERS and CRP) and reduced inflammatory marker levels. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality, and long-term coronary morbidity. Certain groups, including those based in Asia and those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. Evidence is of moderate to high quality for all outcomes.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Four of these studies compared the PIP versus another treatment group (i.e. another PIP plus another PIM, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behaviour therapy). Two of these trials also compared PIM with a group of infants who were given an alternative PIM in addition to an alternative treatment. The studies were carried- out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, United States, United Arab Emirates, United Nations, United Republic of America, United Zealand, United Canada, United Netherlands, United United Kingdom and United Kingdom. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that PIP is effective in improving the parent-child relationship and in reducing anxiety and distress, and in improving attachment to the mother and her baby. We also found that it improved the number of infants with secure or disorganised attachment to their parents. We did not find any evidence that PIM improved parent depression or parent-reported levels of depression. We were unable to identify any differences between PIP and alternative treatment for any of the other outcomes. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for the outcomes of parental depression and secure or non-secure infant attachment. This was because the included studies involved relatively few participants and involved relatively small numbers of participants. We judged the quality to be low or low for all outcomes. The included studies were at risk of bias in at least one domain (i) because of the way they were designed or conducted, and (ii) because the study was not blinded to the parents or personnel.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies (with 753 participants) comparing giving extra air (suppressive) air (extraoxycortic oxide) to women in the early stage (three to 12 weeks of pregnancy) during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. We found no convincing evidence that giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during electively caesarian section under anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores. The very low quality of evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation, maternal oxygen pressure in the blood, maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in blood), maternal umbilical arterial blood and UaPO2 (foetal umbilico-vessel blood). There was high heterogeneity among these outcomes. A subgroup analysis showed no significant difference in Ua PO2 between the two intervention groups in low-risk studies, whereas the high-risk trials showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. Overall, we found no evidence that extra oxygen given to healthy pregnant women in hospital during electives caesaryan section is beneficial or harms for either mother or her baby. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence.
We included twelve studies with 2196 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, and Italy. The evidence is current to April 2011. We found that reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken by 11% in four studies. We also found that reminders increased the number of pills users took by 11%. We found no evidence that reminder packing reduced systolic blood pressure. We did not find evidence that reminders reduced blood pressure by any other measure. We extracted data from two studies that looked at blood pressure measurements. We were able to combine the results of these two studies and found that the use of reminder packaging improved blood pressure in patients with diabetes. We could not combine the data from the other two studies because they were too different from each other. We are uncertain whether reminder packaging is effective in improving adherence to medication. We cannot be certain that reminder packs are safe because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We recommend that further research is done to improve the design and targeting of reminder packs.
We identified 15 randomised trials that evaluated 11 different drugs. All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between groups in mortality, liver failure, or per-operative morbidity. Methyl Prednisolone, trimetZidine, methyl Prednolone and dextrose, and deextrose may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high risk-bias. However, there is a high risk for type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of systematic errors. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We searched for studies that compared the risk of kidney disease with any cause, or with no cause, in people with cancer. We included studies that randomly assigned people with a kidney disease to one of three or four treatment groups. We found 61 studies, which were of good quality. We also included studies assessing the risk factors for the disease. We identified 24 studies that were new to the review. We were able to combine the results of 52 studies, including 13,327 people with renal disease, and we found 52 that looked at the risk-related side-effects. We did not find any studies that looked directly at the cause. We could not combine the data from the studies, but we found that the risk for the main side- effects were low blood pressure, low white blood cell counts, low protein in the blood, and low white cell counts in the brain. We are not sure if these are the same as the risk in people who have a kidney problem. We have not found studies that have looked at other risk-reducing drugs, or whether they are harmful. We do not know if there are any side-effect drugs, and if there is a risk of side-reactions. We need more studies that are long-term, with a high risk of bias, and that measure the risk and side effects of the disease, to find out if there may be any specific risk-reaction drugs. We would like to see more studies with good study design, and with long-lasting follow-up.
We found two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines NIPrisan® (Nicosan®) and CIKLAVIT® (Cajanus cajan®). The single trial of Cajanus® reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level of anaemia. The single Cajanian® trial reported a benefit to people with painful crisis, but the results of the trial were not statistically significant. The quality of the evidence was low for both the Niprisan®, Nicosan®, and Ciklavit® trials. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. The results of Nipri® appeared to be safe and effective in reducing severe painful crises over a six-month follow-up period, but further trials are required to assess its role in the management of people with sickle cell disease and the results are awaited. Currently no conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of Ciklan®. Based on the published results for Niprid® and in view of the limitations in data collection and analysis of both trials, phytologines may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cells. This needs to be further validated in future trials. More trials are needed on the safety and efficacy of phytopharmacological interventions used in managing sicklecell disease.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants. The studies were reported as randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (chema-drug therapy) in individuals with HL and negative PET scans. The study design of the third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based treatment or standard treatment. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. To date, data have been published for the PET- negative arms only, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials, 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET- positive, or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET- adapteded therapy and two in participants who received standard therapy. Progression-free survival was shorter in participants with PET adapted therapy (without radiotherapy), than in those receiving standard treatment with radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy (PET-adaptive therapy) versus radiotherapy and in those who received chemotherapy but no radiotherapy versus standard radiotherapy, and in comparisons between PET- adaptive therapy and standard radiotherapies. Short-term adverse events only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. Todate, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life, or short- and long-lasting adverse events are available. However, this systematic review found moderate-quality evidence that PFS
We found 31 randomised controlled studies that compared different hormonal birth-strollers. Twenty-one studies compared combined birth-controlling drugs (COC) with a dummy pill (dummy pill) or with a placebo (dilute). The other studies compared birth-prostaglandins (dissogestrel, levonoride) with the same birth-pills. The studies were of good quality. We found no new trials in 2014. We still know little about the risk of metabolic problems in women who are obese. We could not make strong conclusions about the effects of birth-preventing drugs on blood glucose and blood sugar because of the few studies we found. We also found no strong conclusions on the effects on weight. We are not sure if birth-permanent birth-substitution is safe for women who have diabetes. We need more research to find the best birth-provider.
We found 10 studies that compared exercise with no treatment in people with symptomatosis. Nine studies (549 participants) showed that exercise reduced pain (mean difference (SM) -0.38, 95% CI -0 to 0.20) and improved function (SMD 0.38 -0% CI 0.55 to -0). Five studies (393 participants) reported that exercise improved pain (SM -0%). Five studies reported that the improvement in pain was sustained at least three to six months after stopping treatment. Five studies showed that the pain reduction was sustained (SMS -0%) and the improvement was sustained after stopping exercise (SMs 0.37 -0%. Five studies also reported that people who had an exercise programme had less pain (MMS 0.58 -0%), but this difference was not significant (MMSS 0.18). Five of the 10 studies reported adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. The quality of the evidence was generally low. The results of these 10 studies may be vulnerable to bias as none of the studies were able to blind participants to the treatment they were receiving and, while most studies reported blinded outcome assessment, pain, physical function and quality of life were participant self reported. One of the included studies was only reported as a conference abstract and did not provide sufficient data for the evaluation of bias risk. The evidence is current to January 2015.
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial in terms of muscle strength, exercise tolerance and activities of daily living for people with MS. There was no clear evidence that specific exercise therapy was more effective than other types of treatment. No adverse effects of the treatment were reported. The review found that there was an need for more trials to be done to establish the best way to measure the effects of exercise in people with multiple MS. The results of the review should be viewed with some care.
We found only one trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours) with a delayed laparoscopical operation (4.2-6 months) for people with biliary colic. The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants). The trial was at a high risk of bias. The results of the trial were not available for the other outcomes. The participants were followed up for 4.2 months. The number of deaths in the early lapareoscopic cholemectomy group was 0.0% (0.5%) and 2.5% (2.5) in the delayed laparectomy group. There were no deaths in either group. The proportion of people who developed serious adverse events was 68 participants (28 people in the earlier laparoscope group and 40 people in delayed laparaoscopic choemorrhage group). The other outcomes were available for 28 participants in the laparectomy group and 35 participants in delayed group. No serious adverse event related to the surgery was reported. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema of the gallbladder (n=1), gallbladders perforation (n°1), acute cholecitis (a condition in which the gallstones are exposed to the gall, gallblad, or gallblartes), acute cholangitis (an inflammation of the choroid, gall, or bile duct), obstructive jaundice (jaundice), and recurrent biliary bowel colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the late laparotomy group as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours in the later laparosis group. This trial did not report quality of life or return to work. There was no significant difference in the proportion
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with short- or short-term prophyaxis. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that long- or long-duration antibiotic proclamations reduce the risk of SSI compared with short term prophyleptic antibiotics. There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short- and long-stay antibiotic proplacency compared with a single dose. No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the main outcome of SSIs and low for the other outcomes. The main limitation of the review was that the quality of evidence was low for all outcomes.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The study was too small to detect any important differences between the two groups. The review found no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective pre-term birth at 36 weeks of pregnancy for babies with gastroschisis. The trial was too short to be of any use. The women in the study were given a caesarean birth, and the babies were discharged from the study before the women were due to give birth. The babies were born by cesareani section. The mothers were given the choice of giving birth by caesarian section or giving birth naturally. The studies were too small and the women did not have a choice of the elective or the spontaneous birth. We were not sure if the women in both groups had the same risk of having a pre-eclampsia (pregnant with a pre term baby). We were also not sure how the babies' weight was affected. We could not tell if the babies had a better chance of being born early or not. We did not find any evidence that the women had a difference in the risk of a prenausea-related death. We found no evidence that there was a difference for the babies’ weight, the need for repeat surgery, or the need to give the babies a caeresse. We also found no difference in how the women’s gestations were affected. The one study we found did not show that the babies born by caeasarean were any different from those born naturally. This review is not able to draw any firm conclusions regarding preterm birth for babies born with gastrochitis. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week, that compared paracetamol with a placebo (dissolving the parabens) for people with cancer. All three studies were in the USA. The studies were small and of poor quality, and all used paracetamic acid (a substance that contains paracetaminophen) as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). Other non-paracetamolic drugs included non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics. We found no studies in children. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with no worse than mild pain at the end of the treatment period; or participants with a Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference between paracetamate and placebo when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetamyol being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other adverse events and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. The quality of the evidence was very low, because of the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of participants.
This review of 15 randomised trials found that there is currently not enough data to be sure that these drugs work. The trials were of poor quality and the results were imprecise. There were no studies that clearly described how the drugs were assigned to the patients, and the trials were too small to be of high quality. There was no evidence that the drugs had an effect on the number of patients who had a dry patch on the bed. There is a need for more well conducted randomised controlled trials.
We included six randomised controlled studies (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) with 195 people. Two studies compared the effects of inspirate muscle training with a threshold device; three studies tested expirate muscle-tracking with a device; one study tested the effects on health- related quality-of- life; and one study compared the effect of breathing exercise with no active control. We found that people with MS with mild- to moderate MS who had a pulse of at least 60 beats per minute who had been given a pulse for at least 30 minutes were more likely to have a positive effect on their inspiratory pressure after exercising. However, the quality of the evidence was low because of limitations in the design of the studies and imprecision of the results. We could not combine the results of the different studies because of the small number of studies included in the review. We did not find any evidence that expiratory muscle training had any harmful effects. We also found no evidence that regular breathing exercises had any beneficial effects. The quality of evidence was also low because the studies were small and the results were imprecise. We conclude that the evidence is of low quality.
This review identified one randomised clinical trial (RCT) that compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no treatment. The trial included 38 women with ITP (41 pregnant with 41 pregnancies). The trial was conducted in the USA and included 26 women (28 pregnancies). This trial did not provide any evidence about other medical treatments for ITP during pregnancy. The evidence is current to September 2014. The RCT did not show that betametasone reduced the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia or neonatal bleeding in ITP. The results of this trial were inconclusive and there is insufficient evidence to support the use of betametsone for treating ITP in pregnant women. This review also identified the need for well-designed randomised trials on medical treatments to evaluate the benefits and harms of ITP for this medical condition during pregnancy, and the trade off between potential benefits and potential harms of these treatments.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 or 81) that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus before the operation and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so we could not assess if the results from this study had affected the overall results of the review. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. A single case of graft failure in a penetrating keratinoplasty was reported. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. Instances of graft rejection were reported, in both groups, in the studies. The majority of these cases were successfully treated with steroids. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK. Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% confidence interval (CI) suggesting an imprecise estimate, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another with regards for graft failure. DALK was unable to
We included 67 randomised controlled studies (from 76 reports) recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Denmark and the UK. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). The evidence was of moderate quality. Women receiving iron were less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control. Women had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the time of intervention, and had a lower risk of iron deficiency compared to control. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Women taking iron had a reduced risk of anaemia compared to those receiving control, and were more likely to have a higher risk of haemodynamic measurements of haeoglobin concentration. Women who took iron were more prone to experiencing gastrointestinal side effects (such as abdominal pain, constipation, loose stools/diarrhoea, and abdominal pain). Women taking an iron supplement had an increased risk of having a hard stools or constipation compared to controls. Women in the control group had no evidence of an increased prevalence of nausea. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. The quality of the evidence was moderate for anaemia, and high for haemodynamics. The overall quality of evidence was high for iron supplementation.
This review identified five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyridine over the irinotspecine and duloxacin alone. There was a small but consistent effect of the combined treatment on the risk of death from all cause. There were also some side-effects, such as diarrhoea, hair loss, and neutropenia. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
This review of trials found that the best incision for patients with acute abdominal pain was a transverse incision. The evidence suggests that a transversal or obloweoscopic surgical procedure may be less painful. There was no difference seen in the number of post-operative post-operative post-operation post-effects. The risk of wound dehiscence (wounds that break free and break free of the skin) and the time to recover from the complications were the same. The pain was less clear and should be treated with some degree of caution. There were few complications and the number was the same for all the outcomes. The results should be viewed with some care.
We included nine studies with a total of 9981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age of participants ranged from 33 to 351.7 years. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (participants and researchers were aware of the treatment they received). In four studies, participants were assigned to receive MBR or usual care. In the other four studies participants were allocated to receive either usual care or another type of treatment. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review found that people who received MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, and time away from work. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms that people could use their work-related outcomes, whereas effects for work- related outcomes were in the moderate range. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The included studies were of low to moderate quality. The main limitations of the available evidence were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. More high-quality studies are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4481 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. Bisphosphonates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression in men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. Bisplatinates probably reduce the number and severity of bone metastases. Bispratinates may increase the number (and severity) of kidney problems. Bisosphonate administration probably increases the number that experience nausea and kidney problems, but the quality of evidence was moderate. Bisphalosphonics probably reduce bone metastasis and disease growth. Bisphasophosphonic drugs probably reduce mortality. Bispalates probably increase the risk of kidney damage and nausea. Bispelatinic drugs may reduce the risk that men with bone metastasies from prostate cancer will experience bone breakdown. Bispleatinic agents probably reduce disease progression. Bisphaetonic drugs are probably safe and effective in men who have bone metastase from prostate. Bispanic drugs should be used with caution because of the increased risk of renal problems and nausea in men receiving bisphosphosphonatinates. Bisplanates should be considered in combination with other drugs for men with metastatic prostate cancer. Bishanosphonatide administration should be compared with other treatments such as radiotherapy, chemotherapy, radiotherapy and radiotherapy alone. Bishexonate treatment should be given for at least six months to a year. Bisphaseic drugs need to be used in combination and should be monitored for at minimum six months. Bisphenic drugs must be used for at most six months and should not be used at all if the cancer has spread beyond the bone.
We searched for randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared HDT + ASCT with either no treatment, other treatments (chemotherapy) or other treatments in people with FL. We found 5 RCTs, with 1093 patients. Four trials were in previously untreated patients and one in relapsed FL. The trials were conducted in the USA, one in Australia and one each in Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States. The quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to have been open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias is uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We also found that HDT+ASCT is more effective in terms of progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in patients with previously untreated FL. However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to a statistically significant PFS advantage in the HDT plus ASCT arm. For patients with relapsed fl, there is some evidence (one study) that HDt + ASC is advantageous in terms (Pfs) and OS in terms both in terms PFS and OS. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers. For the four trials in previously treated patients there are no statistically significant differences between HDT and no treatment in terms TRM or secondary acute my
We found 15 randomised trials that compared WDD with placebo or no treatment, or with other antipsychotics, or antipsychotic drugs. The evidence is up- to-date as of April 2015. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no intervention. However, WDD was associated with fewer side effects (e.g. nausea, vomiting, dizziness, drowsiness, and drowsies) and fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (epidural effects) compared with other treatments. However WDD did not improve global or mental state when compared with antipsychotropic drugs. WDD is often used as an add-on treatment alongside antipsychotropics. When WDD + antipsychoid was compared to antipsychiotic alone, the combination group had better global state and mental state. However when WDD plus antipsychosis was compared with an antipsychopa, positive effects were found for global and mental health and the combination caused fewer side-effects. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of WDD for people with schizophrenia.
We included 12 studies with 799 participants. The evidence was current to September 2015. The studies compared different types of wire, materials and materials used to make the wire. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires: there were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain at day 1 between multistingrand and thermoels. 3. Conventional NiTi versus su pererelactic NiTi arches: there was three studies in these groups, but there was not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about whether there was any difference between these two types of wires with regard to either alignment or pain. 4. Con conventional NiTi vs supelevolastic Ni ti arch wires; there were three studies, but again it was too small to be sure whether there were any differences between these types of materials. There are no differences between the two types. 5. Single-strand superellastic NiTI versus coaxial supeREL: there is only one study in this comparison. There may be no difference in the pain at first day between the interventions. There could be no differences in pain between the groups. 6. Conventionally NiTi or thermoelaelastic niTi versus conventional Ni Ti: there are no clear differences between conventional and su pelevolactic Ni Ti arches with regard either to either the rate of tooth alignment or the
We found one study of 306 people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study was conducted in 16 nursing homes in France. The results of this study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes, but did show that the intervention did change some aspects (behaviors) of the way people behave. We found that the CMAI scale, which is a scale that rates the amount of anger, decreased by 5.69 points in the group of people with Parkinson's who had de-emphasised behaviours. The CMAIs also showed that the Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour scale improved by 0.32 points in those who had been treated with de-escalation. There was no difference in the Physressive Behaviors scale. The quality of the evidence was very low. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-equipment and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research on the effectiveness and safety of this intervention is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesised review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-ups. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared topical skin products alongside frequencies of application. One of the trials compared frequencies of applying of topical skin cream. The evidence is current up to 28 September 2016. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use soap and a washcloth. The second trial indicated a structured washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties might be better than soap and washwater. Findings from the other trials, all being of very low to moderate quality suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be effective in the treatment of people with IAD, and avoiding soap seems to be more beneficial than withholding these products. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was very low or moderate for the outcomes of ID prevention and IAD treatment. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis due to heterogeneity in participant population, skin care product, skin hygiene procedures, skin treatment regimens, outcomes, and measurement tools.
We found seven randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 333 participants. The evidence is current to September 2015. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The antiviral agents used in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The studies were conducted at different time points. The quality of the evidence is very low. The majority of included studies had problems with their design or conduct. The risk of bias for all included studies was either unclear or high risk of systematic error. The results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the treatment group but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Future studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be combined due to the potential for double counting. Overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. There is no evidence of effectiveness for antiviral treatment in acute IM. The overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral therapy, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either the insulin glargine (a drug that suppresses blood sugar) or the insulin-receptor antagonist, detemir (a medicine that suppress the growth of insulin receptors). The results of the trials were not consistent. Insulin glargin was dosed once-daily in the morning. Insulins were given once-weekly in three studies. Of the 2250 patients, 13.6% were injecting the drug twice daily and 57.2%, the mean number of injections, was twice-daily. The results did show no difference in the control of blood sugar in the short term (nocturnal and severe) and in the long- term (24-hour) of the blood sugar profile. Insuscular control, which is the control that is the difference in blood sugar levels, was the same in both treatment groups. Insulation of the patient's blood glucose levels with either drug was not improved. Insulated patients with insulin glarine were more prone to adverse events (e.g., allergic reactions) than those with the drug detemiral. The drug was also linked to less weight gain. The review did not find any difference in health- related side-effects.
This review of trials found that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of patients with faecal leakage. However, SNS did not improve symptoms. Side effects were reported in a percentage of participants: pain at implant (six), serum (two%), and tingling (9%). In addition, side effects occurred in some patients where these were report. Side effect data were not available for all patients. The review found that there is limited evidence that SPS can improve the frequency of bowel movements in a small proportion of people with bowel leakage. The limited evidence suggests that SBS can improve bowel movements but SNS does not improve the number of bowel episodes. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. More research is needed to assess the effects of SNS for bowel leakage and constipation.
The purpose of this review was to assess the effects of the use of molar bands for the first-time filling of molars. Two randomised controlled trials (n = 190) were included. Both trials were well-designed and low risk of bias. Both studies compared molars bonded with either a chemical-cure or light-cured (glas ionomer) adhesive. One trial showed that molar tube fillers cemented with glass ionomer were more prone to decalcifying (wet and dry) than molar band fillers. The other trial showed a significant difference in the risk of first-timers decalcinating (wearing a molar tooth) with molar tubs cemented in glass. The two trials did, therefore, show that molars that are molar tubes bonded with a chemical or lightened (glazed) adhesive are more prone than molars with glass. No other side-effects were found.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible for this review. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged (diagnosed) with EUS. Overall the quality of the studies was good. The diagnostic accuracy of EUS was assessed in 50 studies, which showed that EUS might be useful to guide doctors in the locorocapricomatous stage (stage 1-stage 1) of gastric carcinoma. The ability of EUs to distinguish the presence of tumours in the stomach (the 'tartar') of people who are stage 1 of the disease (the gastric wall) was assessed with the use of 50 studies (4397 patients). The ability to distinguish tumours of the tumour (tartars) of the gastric walls (the muscle in the gut) from those in the muscle (muscle-infltrating) stage (the tumour in the muscle), was assessed by 20 of these 20 studies. The accuracy (the ability) of EU was assessed as low for all the outcomes. The meta-analys of 44 of these 44 studies (3573 patients), which showed the ability of the EUS to distinguish lymph node status (positive or negative). We found that EU might be helpful to guide the diagnosis and exclusion of people with gastral cancer who are staging with lymph node cancer. The quality of this evidence is not high. We must be aware that EUs is not ideal for all cases of gastral carcinoma, and that its accuracy is not consistent. Therefore, all the results should be treated with some care.
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 people. The trials compared day surgery versus overnight stay laparoscopical operation for symptopic (sick) gallstone surgery. The number of people in each of the six trials ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age of the people in the trials was 40 to 47 years. The proportion of women in the studies varied between 74% and 84%. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that day-surgery appears to be as safe as overnight stay surgery in laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups. There were no significant differences in quality of life between the groups. The quality of the evidence was not significantly different between the studies. There is no significant evidence that day surgery improves patient-oriented outcomes such as return to normal activity or earlier return to work. The results of the trials were weak because of the risk of bias (systematic errors (bias) and play of chance (random errors). More randomised trials are needed to assess the impact of day-surgical laparoscope cholecopy on the quality of lives of patients.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more people than the previous version. Two studies used a placebo control and six were blinded, which means that the people in the control group knew which treatment they were getting. We found four studies (1272 people). The studies were of generally good quality. High-concentration capsaicin used to reduce pain in people with post-hepetic neuralgia, HIV/H1N 1, and painful neuropathy provided more pain relief (at 8 and 12 weeks) than control (at 12 weeks). At 8 weeks, 10% more people (1274 people) had pain relief with high-conccentrations capsaicine than with control (5.8 people out of 100) and about 10% with high concentration capsaicins (12.0 people out 100). Pain was reduced by about 30% with capsaicines compared to control (2.8 out of every 100) at 8 weeks and by at least 50% with topical capsaicinas (2 to 12 weeks), and by about 10 out of 10 with topical steroids (2 studies, 571 people). Pain intensity was reduced over 2 to 12-week and 2 to 8-week periods by at at least 30% and at least half of the pain intensity with capsicines compared with control. Pain was also reduced by at most 30% over 2 weeks with capsics (2 out of each of these studies, and by 11 out of the 12 studies). Painful diabetic neuropathy was reported in one study (369 people) and was reported by about 1 in every 100 people (1 out of 1000). One small study (46 people) reported that there was no difference between capsaicina and placebo for pain reduction (very low quality evidence). Local side effects were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side effects did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common with
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. The evidence is current to September 2015. We did a combined analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up), after reassessing the carotid angiograms and outcomes from all three trials using the primary electronic data files, and redefined outcome events where necessary, to achieve comparability. The results of the trials did not show any significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis, had no significant effect in participants at 30% to 49% stenotic narrowing, was of benefit in participants 50% to 69% stenologic narrowing, and was highly beneficial in participants 70% to 99% stenological narrowing without near-occlusion (high-quality evidence). Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% or 69% symptomatic stenosis (moderate-quality information), and highly beneficial for those with 70% or 99% narrowing without close-occlusions (moderate quality evidence). We found no benefit in people with near-OCclusion (low-quality data). We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for all outcomes.
We included 10 studies, with 864 participants, comparing the two surgical approaches. The participants were adults with cancer, ulcerative colitis, or other chronic disease. The evidence was current to August 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. The results of the studies were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or stoma related mortality. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included studies did not report on quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. The overall quality of evidence was very low. The available moderate-, low-, and very low-quality evidence, does not support or refute the superiority of one of the studied stoma formation techniques over the other. The present systematic review of randomized and non-randomized studies found inconsistent results between the two compared interventions regarding their potential to prevent parastoma hernation. In conclusion, there is still a lack of high-quality information to support the ideal surgical technique of stoma forming.
We found 24 relevant studies, involving 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation, mental state, or general function, when we looked for studies that used supportive therapy as the main treatment. We did, however, find some evidence that there are some benefits for other psychosocial treatments, such as cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), psychosomatic therapies, and psychoeducational therapies. There were no data on the effect of these treatments on the rate of relapsing, the number of people who left the study, the time to leaving, or the number who were satisfied. We graded the quality (the overall quality) of the studies as low. We were not able, for most of the main outcome, to draw any firm conclusions. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, which means we are very unsure of the results.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, that compared NSAIDs with placebo or with other drugs. Most studies were of very low-quality evidence. There is very low evidence that some people with cancer pain can obtain substantial levels (up-to-date) levels (of pain relief) of pain relief from NSAIDs, and that NSAIDs can be used to treat cancer pain. There was no high- quality evidence that NSAID use is effective in terms of pain control. We found no high quality studies that looked at the use of NSAIDs in conjunction with other painkillers.
We found two studies, which involved 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants. This study reported that the pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group, and at day 4, than in the group treated with a fake medicine. Thus, tinzAPARIN led to a rapid reduction in pain. The mean difference in the number of painful days was 1.78 days in the tizanidine-based tzafarid group, which was a significant difference. The second study (unclear to high) involved 34 people. This was a small, short-term study and only addressed one of the predefined outcome of the review; i.e., pain intensity. The study showed that tzapirin reduced pain intensity more quickly than placebo, but the quality of the evidence was very low. The participants treated with tzAParin had fewer hospitalisation days than participants in the placebo group, with a mean difference of 4.98 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the Tzaparine group, but none were reported in the dummy group. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of serious risk of systematic errors (bias) and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Based on the results of two studies comprising 287 participants, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease. Vaso-occlusive crises are extremely debilitating for sufferers of sickle cells. Therefore well-designed placebo-controlled studies with other types of low heparin, and in participants with different genotypes of sickled cell disease, still need to be carried out to confirm or dismiss the results from this single study.
We did not find any randomised trials that directly compared either anticoagulants or anticoagelet drugs with control. We did not have enough data to be able to make a conclusion on the benefits and harms of anticoactive drugs for the treatment of patients with carotid carferectal dissection.
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials (2066 patients). Most of the trials were of poor quality, and the results were not consistent. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-coated dressings or other treatments (such a cream) are effective in promoting wound wound healing, or in preventing wound infection.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus the other. The studies were conducted in adults with VAP. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found no difference in the number of deaths or clinical cure between people receiving either a single antibiotic or multiple antibiotics. We did not find a difference between the use or combination of antibiotics for the treatment of people with VAB. We also found no differences in the risk of death or clinical cures between people who received carbapenems and those who received non-carbapenem antibiotics. However, we found that carbapensems are associated with a statistically significant increase in the clinical cure. We could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP, but carbapenos as a class may result in better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. The quality of evidence for adverse events was low. We rated the quality of the evidence for all-cause mortality, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. We downgraded the quality for all other outcomes to very low quality.
We found 29 studies investigating policies that targeted 11 drug classes. The policies were most commonly of older people or people with health problems who were in the drug class being targeted. The studies examined the effects of policies on drug use, health care costs, and health care use. The review of these studies found that policies that aimed to reduce the use of drugs by the poor or the poor could reduce drug use. When policies were targeted at the gastric-acids and non-steroid drug class, the cost of drugs was reduced and the use was increased. When the policies were applied to the second generation of drugs, the use increased. The cost of other health care was increased, but the use did not change. When policy was relaxed, the costs were decreased. The effects of these policies on health were not clear. The authors of this review conclude: policies that target the poor, the poor (e.g., the poor), and the poor can reduce drug costs and improve health care. They also suggest that policies which are not based on the same drug profile can reduce costs.
We included all randomised controlled trials that compared one-to-one OA with no OA. We included a total of 19 studies with 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one- to-one oral hygiene with no oral hygiene. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. One study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points. The same two studies reported on plaque. There were no differences between the interventions in plaque reduction at all points. Two other studies reported dental decay at 6 months and 12 months respectively. There is no evidence available that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gingsivitis, plaque or dental decay. Five studies compared some form of self-management with some form or routine OHA. There are no differences in the outcomes between the two groups. None of the studies measured dental decay or gingival decay. Seven studies compared enhanced OHA with some type of routine OA and found no difference between the groups. There may be some benefit for enhanced OA but there was little evidence available for gingvitis, gingavitis or plaque. None were found to be more effective than routine OAA. There has been insufficient high-quality research to recommend any specific one--to one OHA method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective in oral health than any other method. Further high- quality randomised trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of one to-toone OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review
This review found five small trials that compared oral steroids with placebo (a fake drug) or no treatment. One trial reported significant short term benefits of the use of oral steroids in the short- term (six weeks) for pain, range of movement of the shoulder, and shoulder pain, but the effect may not be maintained beyond 6 weeks. A second trial found no significant difference in pain or range of shoulder movement but it suggested that the benefit was seen earlier. A third trial found a more rapid initial benefit for the use in the long- term of oral corticoids but the benefit did not last long. There were no major side-effects. The review found that the use (in the short term) of oral steroid drugs provided short- and medium-term benefits in pain, shoulder pain and range of the range of motion in people with capsulitis. The evidence is up- to- date to April 2013.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three studies compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogenous to allow the pooling of the results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials further increased the risk of bias. The trials did, however, provide some limited data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale (ALSFRS) score, which was pre-assigned as the outcome of our review. One of the trials provided data in a form that could be used for analysis. No difference was seen in the ALSFRS-R score and the ALS manual muscle test (MMT) score at 12 months in this trial. None of the studies reported on any side effects. There is not yet enough evidence to draw any conclusions on the efficacy or side-effects of r tMS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised clinical trial on people with ALS.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) that compared the effects of adding plasma, tetratecline, mycoplastica, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil to corticosteroids, and combination treatment with tetracycline and nicotinamide. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month than prednisolone alone, while another trial showed no difference in disease control. No differences in disease controls were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisolate, for azathio-based corticostimulone plus prednnisone compared with prednisalone alone, for prednisoleone plus azathiol compared with the same treatment plus plasma exchange, for tetracecline plus prednasolone compared to prednison alone, and for tetracline plus tetracline plus azanthioprine compared with tetricline plus placebo. Chinese traditional medicine plus prednesone was not effective in one trial. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids (clobetasol) with a milder regimen (cloetasole) in one study. In another trial, clobetaol showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisosolone in people with extensive and moderate disease, with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP. Starting doses of prednosolones greater than 0.75 mg/kg/day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of adverse reactions. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical
This review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve symptoms of the irritable bowel syndrome. However, these findings should be viewed with some trepidation due to the small number of trials, small sample size, and lack of data.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of LNG and LNG regimens in women with infrequent sex. The studies included a total of 12,400 women. The trials were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated were LENAs (11 studies), LNG 0.75 mg (11 trials) and LNg in doses less than LNG (4 trials), LNG in dose less than and more than LNgh, and other drugs and other hormonal drugs (7 trials). The studies were of good quality, but the studies had some serious problems with their methods. The LNG method was found to be efficient, safe, and acceptable. The most common side effects were menstrual irregularity, but there was no clear evidence that this was linked with the use of LNGG. The evidence was of moderate quality. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety.
We found 15 studies that compared different types of surgical anchorage. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The average age of patients was between 12 and 54 and the average length of the studies was 12 to 54 years. The age range was commonly restricted to children and young people, although two of the older studies were from a much wider range (12 to 54). The distribution of patients in the studies (men and women), with a predominance of female patients in eight of the seven studies, was not clear. We found that there was strong support for the use of surgical anchors to help the teeth to move back in place. There was also strong support that surgical anchage was more effective than conventional anchorage in the reinforcement of the teeth. There is moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is more effective with surgical anchachment than conventional anchorage, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. There were no differences in the length of time patients had to be treated with surgical and conventional anchage. There are no reported harms of either surgical or conventional anchoring. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars and mesiodismal fixation of the upper front teeth. The evidence for the outcome of mesodistal fixation was of moderate quality. The overall quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We included 50 studies (45.285 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that statins reduce the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and death from any cause by 20% in people with CKD who did not have CVD at baseline. Statins also reduce the risks of stroke and death by 20%. Statins have uncertain effects on progression of CKD. Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood. Statine-related adverse effects were not well reported in the included studies. We were unable to determine the relative effects of intensive cholesterol lowering in people who have early stages of kidney disease.
We found nine trials with 379 participants. Nine trials evaluated the use of painkillers for pain in children with cerebral palsy (CP) and osteogenesis Imperfecta (OI) in five of the nine trials. The trials were of mixed quality. The evidence is current to September 2014. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) and all of the OI trials evaluated bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five trials. For the two ITB studies for pain with CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo). In the two BoNT-a trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT trials mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who were given alendroneate. The trial investigating pamidine found no evidence that pain was reduced with the intervention. No adverse events were reported in this trial. In the Bo NT-A trials there were eight serious adverse events, which included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. In one trial there were also eight serious side effects; these included difficulty in swallowing and seizures. The review authors were unable to determine the effects of pain killers for pain for children with cyp with LLCs. Based on current data this systematic review is unable to conclude whether painkillers are effective in reducing pain in CYP with LLC.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (1697 participants). Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials with 1034 patients were involved. No data were provided from the seventh trial. The trials were of low to very low quality. The evidence is up- to date to September 2015. The results of the trials were imprecise and we were unable to determine whether latrepirdine had any effect on cognition, behaviour or function. However, there was some evidence showing a very small benefit of latrepiritine on the neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoints (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that latrepircine and placebo were comparable in adverse events (adverse events include: serious adverse events, dropouts due to adverse events and dropouts because of adverse events). The evidence provided on these outcomes was of overall low quality, and further studies should investigate the potential benefit of the drug on neuropsychological symptoms in AD. The quality of the evidence was limited by the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and likelihood of bias. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse effects compared with placebo, there is no effect of latREPirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should explore the potential benefits of latrepriritine for neuropsychologic symptoms in the treatment of AD.
We included seven randomised controlled studies (RICs) involving 735 people with ischaemic stroke. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing or treating ischaemia. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of having a stroke in people with symptomatic intracerebrachio-type stenosis (a block in the artery) and stroke in those with carotid stent. We did not find any evidence that it reduced stroke in the people with carots. We also found low quality data that RCTs may lead to more people dying or being dependent on others for their care. We are not sure if RCT is effective in preventing stroke in adults with acute ischemic stroke. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcome measures. We judged the quality of this evidence to be low for risk-free stroke, but we found that RITs may reduce stroke in some people. We were not able, however, to assess the effects RCT on the risk for people with acute stroke. In people with stroke, RCTS may increase the risk that people need to be dependent on someone else for their treatment. We do not know if RIC is effective for people who have had a stroke. There is low- or low-certainty about the effects that RICTs have.
We included six randomised controlled studies (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to August 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of the infants was less than 28 weeks. The average age of infants ranged from 25 to 36 weeks. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. The protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays, and higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations compared to the unsuppulent group. There is no evidence that protein supplements increase the risk of feeding intolerance, necrotizing enterocolitis, or changes in serum albumin concentrations. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifiers and be designed to determine the effects on duration of hospital stay and safety, as well as on long term growth, body fat, cardio-mechanical, and neurodevelopment outcomes.
We included 45 studies: 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or three groups) and 31 studies that used PEMs for a specific purpose. The results of this review suggest that PEM-based interventions, when used on their own and when used as a part of a multi-faceted approach, may have a small positive effect on the outcomes for professional practice. There was not enough evidence to determine the effect of PEM on the health of the patient. We could not comment, however, on which P EM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. The quality of the included studies was variable.
This review of 23 randomised trials found that interventions aimed to promote sexual behaviours which aim to reduce STI transmission, including condom use, can be effective, but more research is needed. There were few studies which looked at HPV (a human papillomavir, a virus which can be spread by infected human cells) and no studies that looked at the link to cancer.
We found twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or the usual way of giving care. One study compared brief psychotherapy with cognitive behavior therapy. The review found that people who had brief psychodynamic therapy were less likely to be non-compliant with their medication than those who had routine care. People who had a brief psychotropic treatment were less than twice as sure that they were taking their medication. People in the short- and middle term were more likely to take their medication, and people in the long- term were less sure that their medication was taking it. People with a brief psychoeducative approach were more than twice the risk of relapsing, and were less certain that they would be taking their medicine when they stopped. People taking brief psychotics were more certain that their treatment would be effective. People on a brief treatment were more sure that it would be good for them, but the evidence was of low to very low quality. People given brief psychotic treatment were about the same as people who were on a routine care schedule. People were more satisfied with their care, and more likely than people on a regular care schedule, to be able to take care of their mental health needs. People's mental state was better, and they were more able, in the brief- and mid-term. People treated with brief psychodynamics were more aware of their condition, and had more social function, and social activities. People receiving brief psychologies were more willing and more able to use the services. People not given brief psychoetics were more like people on routine care, but not more likely, to stop their treatment. People whose brief psychological care was given were more or less likely, and to be more satisfied, to take the drugs. People getting brief psychoids were more confident in their ability to take them, and less likely than those not receiving brief psychoastics. People also had better mental state,
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included participants with COPD who had not had a flare up in the past year. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent exacerbations was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk for bias due to poor reporting of study methods and possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Follow up ranged from six to 52 months. Compared to the LABA+LABA arm, the results for the primary outcomes for the LAMA+LAB arm were as follows: exacerbations, serious adverse events (SAE), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the baseline, and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change from baseline. Compared with the LAPA+LABC arm, we found that LAMA has fewer exacerbations and a larger improvement in FEV1, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 units or more of the SGRQ. These data were supported by low or moderate quality evidence generated from mainly participants with moderate to severe COPD in heterogeneous trials with an observation period of less than one year. Our findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months to 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. All children were treated with heliox. The evidence is current to September 2016. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes postintervention. The mean croup scores at 20 and 90 minutes posttreatment may not differ between groups. There was no difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate at 20 or 90 minutes. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen given one or two doses of adrenaline. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. Heliox may slightly improve croup symptoms at 60 minutes post intervention, but there may be little or no difference overall. Children treated with a combination of heliox and 30% oxygen may have lower mean respiratory rates at 60 and 90 minute postinterventions, but may not be more effective than 30% of oxygen at 120 minutes. Children may have slightly lower mean Taussig croup severity scores at 60 or 90 minute after treatment, but not at 120. There is no difference at 120 between groups for the number of children who required hospital admission. There were no differences in the number who required intubation or admission to the emergency department. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. We could not combine the results of the studies because each comparison included data from only one study. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all outcome
The evidence is current to May 2013. We found eight studies that investigated the use of red flags to specifically screen for vertebral fracture in patients presenting for low back pain. The studies were conducted in primary care, accident and emergency care and tertiary care. The findings of the review suggest that red flags may be useful in primary and emergency services but most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. When combinations of red flag tests were used, the results appeared to improve. However, the available evidence does not support the use in primary or emergency care of many red flags. It should be noted that many red flag test results are false positives and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with low back pains.
This review identified two randomised trials that compared urethral dilatation and urethroplasties in 210 men. The first trial was carried out in the USA and the second trial was conducted in the UK. Both trials were conducted in men with urethra strictures following pelvic fracture injury. The results of the trials were inconclusive. There were insufficient data to determine which treatment was the best for urethr stricture disease in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs.
We found six trials (including two trials testing two different treatment strategies) that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were of high quality. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, suspected, or suspected, asthma were included. There were no differences in the risk of asthma attacks that were treated with inhaled corticostimulants (e.g., inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone). There was no difference in the rate that patients needed rescue corticoids (elevated doses) or in the number of patients with asthma who developed a flare up. There was a small but modest growth suppression in the inhaled ICS group, with budesonide and Beclomimol (budesonide) causing a small increase in lung growth compared to daily treatment. There is no difference between the two treatment strategies in terms of the number or severity of asthma attack, the number and severity of flare ups, the time to flare ups and the number who required rescue cortics. There are no serious side effects associated with inhaling ICS. The evidence is current to September 2014.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 people with kidney transplant recipients and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people. Eleven studies evaluated the effects of a dietary counselling with or with advice. Six studies (739 people) compared dietary patterns (741 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) that increased fruit and vegetable intake, two (355 people) dietary interventions of a Mediterranean diet and one (12 people) diet of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). The evidence is current to January 2018. The evidence was of very low quality. The studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In absolute terms, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Across all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Dietary intervention may have uncertain effects on mortality, cardiovascular events and ESKDP among people with chronic kidney disease as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. Dietary treatments may have lowered systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood blood pressure (lower blood pressure) and blood pressure diastol (lower heart rate) compared to a control diet. Dietary diets were associated in low-quality evidence with a lower serum albumins and a lower cholesterol level. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels, but the certainty of this effect is very low as the evidence was from only one study. The quality of the evidence for dietary interventions was very-low. The included studies were generally of low or unclear quality, which
We found only one study that compared the effectiveness of mist therapy with nebulised sal butamole (one child) and mist (one young child) in the treatment of bronchiolitis. The study was conducted in a hospital in the USA. The children were aged between seven weeks and 24 months. The results showed that nebulised salbutamol was an effective intervention for young children with bronchiolytic bronchitis but mist in a tent did not lead to a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score. The trial did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy for acute bronchiolaitis in children up to three years old.
We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years) that compared statins with placebo (dummy pill) or no statin. All participants had a diagnosis of probable/possible Alzheimer's disease and most were already on a choline inhibitor. We found no studies that assessed the role of statins in the treatment of dementia. We assessed risk of bias as low. We did not find any studies that looked at the role statins have in the prevention of dementia and found no trials that looked into the role that statins could play. We conclude that statin treatment has no effect on the main outcome of Alzheimer's Disease and does not improve the symptoms of dementia, but may have a small effect on memory, thinking, and thinking skills. We do not know if there is a role for statins for the treatment in the control of dementia in people with VaD. We rated the quality of the studies as low for all studies.
This review identified four studies involving a total of 149 people. Two studies assessed the effects of night splinting in a total number of 26 people with Chcot- Marie-Tooth disease. There were no significant benefits of night- splint use in these people. One study evaluated the effects on ankle range of motion of prednoseal (dissolving the bone) in 103 boys with Duchenne muscle dystrophies. There was no evidence of benefit from the use of prednisone for this group. One of the studies assessed prednosesal in 20 young boys with Chaitroux muscular dystrophy. The prednisones were given at a dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day and there was no significant difference in ankle range or strength between groups. One trial evaluated early surgery in 20 boys with muscular dystphy. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. There is no evidence that any of the interventions in this review are beneficial for increasing ankle range in Charcot-Marie-Toental disease or Duchennes muscular dystonia. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women). The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and did not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There is clear and important evidence that walking or standing upright in the early stages of labour reduces the duration and risk of the first caesarian section, and does not seem associated with an increased need for an epidural. There was no difference between groups in the duration or need for the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes relating to the babies' and mothers' well-being. The quality of the evidence was variable. The evidence was limited by the small number of studies and the small numbers of women in each group. More research is needed to confirm the true benefits and risks of upright and mobile positions compared with recumbent positions for all women.
We found three randomized controlled trials, but only two of them had a follow-up of six-month or more. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial that assessed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection, had a low risk of systematic error. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow- up. There are no adverse events of the BTZ treatment above saline injection. There is moderate evidence to suggest that treatment with BTX injections yielded no great improvements over placebo injections of saline. There has been no evidence from randomized controlled studies for the use of other currently used treatments. There needs to be an agreed definition for the diagnosis of Tos, especially the disputed form, agreed outcome measures, and high quality randomized trials that compare the outcome of interventions with no treatment and with each other.
Twenty one randomised controlled trials were included in this review. These trials involved 884 people with diabetes. Four trials examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, non-steroid drugs, and non-antibiotics). Two trials compared yoga with wrist splinting. One trial compared yoga to wrist splints. One of these trials showed that a hand brace (four-wound splint) improved pain and function. One study showed that an ultrasound treatment (two-womb) for two weeks did not show any benefit. One small trial of seven weeks of ultrasound showed a benefit. Four other non-surgic treatments (steroid, nonsteroid and diuretic) did not produce benefit. Two trials (50 people) showed a short-term benefit from oral steroids, splints, yoga, and carprick. One large trial (21 people) found that carpric acid injections (one of the most widely used non-pharmacologic drugs) improved the pain of diabetes. One other small trial (51 people), which used a yoga-style splint, found a benefit from a massage therapy. One more small trial compared ergonomic keyboards with a control. None of the other treatments showed any benefit when compared to no treatment. One larger trial (50 patients) found a short term benefit from vitamin B6. The other trials did not provide enough evidence that these treatments are of any long-term use. The review concludes that there is some short- term benefit for some non-drug treatments. More trials are needed.
We found two randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 people. The studies compared IVS with observation or no treatment. One study (included 165 participants) compared triamcinolone acontinence-releasing hormone (TAR) intravitreal injections with observation. The other study (INVV) compared dexamethasone intravitonal implants with sham injections. The two studies enrolled people with CRVO-ME. The evidence is current to August 2018. The results of the two studies were not consistent. The SCORE study showed that participants treated with 1 mg (n = 82) or 4 mg (83) IVS intravitoneal injections were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual acuity compared with participants in the observation group. However, the average visual acity decreased in all three groups. However the SCORE investigators reported that participants in both groups lost fewer letters than participants in observation. A higher incidence of adverse events was noted with IVS therapy when compared with observation alone. As many as 20% to 35% of participants experienced an adverse event in the IVS groups compared with 8% of the observation participants. The GENEVA study reported that 63% in the treatment arm versus 43% in observation group experienced an side effect. The most commonly encountered side effects were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. The quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting. The included studies were at high risk of bias due to incomplete outcome data in SCORE and selective outcomes reporting in GENEVA.
This review of six trials involving a total of 394 patients found that intranasal corticostoids may improve nasal symptoms and adnoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that beclomethasone (336 mcg/day), a corticosteroid, reduced the size of the nose in children with nasal hypertrophitis. The second four-wee cross- over study showed a greater reduction in mean symptom score (18.5 versus -.5) and a larger decrease (14.5/8.4%) in children treated with beclometric (400 mcg) versus placebo (400/day) between week 0 and week 2. The third parallel-group trial showed that 77.7% of patients treated with mometasone (100 mcg daily) for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms and a decrease in adenoid size, such that adenoidsectomy could be avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of the patients treated in the placebo group. The fourth parallel- group trial showed a larger reduction in adnoids (500 mcg per day) than isotonic saline solution (P < 0.05). The fifth parallel-grip trial demonstrated that eight weeks of treatment with fluticasone significantly reduced nasal obstruction and adenoidal size, and adenaectomy was avoided in 77% of children treated in this group compared with only 20% in the normal saline group. In contrast, one parallel-groups trial did not find a significant improvement in either nasal obstruction or adenodysplasia symptoms nor in adenaoid size after eight weeks treatment with belytic (200 mcg a day). Current evidence suggests that intrinsic corticoids may significantly improve nasal obstruction in children who have nasal hyperplasia, and this improvement may be associated with a reduction in the size and appearance of the nasal cavity. The long-
We found one small randomised trial (involving only a total of 24 women) that compared the use of an epidurals with the use other drugs to treat pre-eclampsia. This study was a single centre-centre randomised study (in which women were randomly assigned to one of three groups). The women were given an epidural (lumbar) block (lung) with 0.25%, 10 mg and 5 mg of epidural infusion for six hours. The women received antihypertensive drugs (drugs that reduce blood pressure) and anticonvulsant drugs (medications that reduce the amount of blood pumped through the veins). The study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days later); development of eclampsias (seizures) or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious complications (defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema). For the baby, these outcomes were: death (birth before 37 weeks' gestation), stillbirths (births in utero at or after 20 weeks' pregnancy), perinatal deaths (birth plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths within the first 28 days after birth, deaths after the first month of life, preterm birth (birth after 37 weeks’ gestation), preterm births (birth of the baby before 37 completed weeks' gestational age), pre-term birth, and side effects of the intervention. The included study only reported on a single outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the babies at birth and after five
We included 16 randomised clinical trials (clinical studies where participants are randomly put in one of several or several treatments) in this review. Fifteen of these studies (one of which was an abstract), which provided data, were of high risk (high-certainty) evidence. The studies were of very poor quality. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2016. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. The duration of the studies ranged from three days to 12 weeks. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The mean age of participants was between 25 to 70 years. The average duration of treatment was between 10 and 30 days. The follow-up period was between three days and one year. The certainty of evidence was very low for all-cause mortality, serious adverse events, liver-related mortality, and health-related quality of life. The quality of the evidence was low for health- related quality oflife. The included studies were at high risk of bias. The overall certainty of the available evidence was limited because of the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in the studies. The available evidence is very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference between glucocorticosteroids and placebo or no intervention on all- cause mortality and serious adverse event during treatment because the certainty of certainty of information was very uncertain. The number of people with any complications up to three months following randomisation was very limited, and there was no evidence of any difference between the groups of people who received glucococortics and those who received placebo or placebo or a placebo. The risk of serious adverse effects was very small. The most of the included studies did not report on the number of serious side effects during treatment, and we cannot exclude an increase in side effects. As the CIs were wide, we cannot rule out significant benefits or harms
We found four studies that involved 245 participants. The studies included people who had had stroke and were relatively young. The interventions included a simulator-based driving programme, a driving simulation, and a skill-based approach. The timing of the studies was varied. We found no clear evidence that the use of a driving simulator improved on road driving skills after stroke. We did, on the other hand, find that it may have helped people to learn to recognise road signs. There was no clear difference in the number of people who were able to drive on the road at six months. There were no adverse effects. We were not able to draw any conclusions on the effects of the intervention for vision, other measures (e.g., vision, vision-based cognition), or on the effect on driving behaviour. We could not find any studies that assessed the effects that used on- road lessons as an intervention. We are uncertain whether the use a driving simulator is effective in helping people to improve their driving skills. We do not know which types of impairments that can affect a person's driving skills, such as vision, are more likely, to be amiss. We need more research in this field.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted at hospitals with 519 participants. The average age was 65 to 73 years. The proportion of men in the studies varied from 58% to 84%, and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid therapy was given at equivalent doses for three to seven days for short- duration treatment, 10 to 15 days (10 to 15) for long- duration corticostoid treatment, and for three or seven days (three to seven) for longer-duration treatment. Five of the studies were funded by the drug manufacturer. Five trials compared short-duration (three days or less) versus longer- duration (10 days or more) corticosteroids. The studies were at low risk of bias. In four studies we did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure between short- and longer-term corticestoid treatment. In five studies no difference in the likelihood of an adverse event was found between short and longer courses of corticsteroid treatment (five studies). Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferiority (time to the start of the next exacerbation). Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment did not change between short duration and longer duration of treatment. We graded most of the evidence as moderate quality because of imprecision (differences between studies). Further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. We found that five days of oral cortic steroid treatment is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter courses of systemic corticrostoids (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer (10 or 14 days) courses. We rated the quality of the available evidence
We found one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) that compared a policy of giving blood transfusions to people with MDS who had received standard treatment (suppressive treatment) with a policy that gave blood to people who had not been given standard treatment. The trial was only published as an abstract. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2016. The study did not show a difference in the number of deaths or transfusions given. There were no anaemia-related complications (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels. The one included study did report on: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. The included study was of low quality. The review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion strategies for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of bone marrow disease, MDS, rises with an ageing population.
We found two studies that evaluated the effectiveness of games as a teaching tool for health care workers. The first study evaluated a game based on the popular TV game "Family Feud". The second study compared game learning with a more traditional way of teaching. The findings of this review did not confirm nor refute the utility of the game as a way of educating health care staff. There is a need for more high- quality research to explore the impact of games on health care worker and patient outcomes.
This review of trials found that lithium or antidepressants may prevent relapse in people with unipolar affective disorder. There was not enough evidence to say if they are better than other drugs for treating un bipolar affective disease.
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on the salvage glands. Moreover, no health-related quality of life or other patient-oriented outcome data were assessed.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months to six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician's intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics plus once-weekly home-brief sessions for 12 weeks. Because of the different study designs and outcome measures used, we were unable to combine the results of the studies. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the three studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. The other study found gains for the intervention groups on total-language measures immediately postinter intervention. One of the included studies found that parents in the group receiving the intervention attended seven out of nine group and home-time sessions and were present for four home visits. No study measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. No studies reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group. One found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the parent- mediated intervention group. Another found positive results for the parent group on children’s socialisation. One looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers in the treatment group attended seven of nine groups sessions and attended seven home visits, and that
We found two randomised clinical trials with a total of 148 participants. Both trials had a high risk of bias. The trials were conducted in the USA and were conducted between 1987 and 2004. The evidence is current to January 2015. The two trials compared exercise-based rehabilitation with no exercise. The results of the trials did not provide enough evidence to determine whether exercise- based rehabilitation improves patient-relevant outcomes, including mortality and serious adverse events. We did find that exercise-related exercise capacity may increase. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-by-exercise on mortality and on serious adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included trials did report on health-related quality of life, and the secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. Due to limited information, trial sequential analysis could not be performed as planned. Our findings suggest that exercise training may improve exercise capacity for adults after heart valve surgery, compared with no training. Due there is a lack of evidence, we cannot evaluate the impact on other outcomes. Further high-quality randomised trials are needed in order to assess the impact of exercise training on patient-related outcomes, such as mortality and quality oflife.
We found five studies that compared meditation with usual care or usual care. Two studies compared meditation to massage and one compared multi-discipline pneuma-based pneum-based care. The studies were conducted in the same way, in the USA, and all were undertaken in the hospital setting. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. The results of the trials were inconclusive. In the studies evaluating meditation, there was no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual treatment on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality oflife. In palliative care intervention studies there was not significant difference in quality or well being between the trial arms. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies.
We included six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our main measure, the Unified Parkour and Deafness Rating Scale (UPDRS). We found no evidence of an effect of tCS on the UPDRS score. However, there was evidence of a reduction in the UDPRS part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence that tDCS reduced the time that symptoms were controlled but the person still experienced involuntary muscle movements. We also found one study with 16 participants examining tDCS plus movement therapy compared to a control group. We did not find evidence of any effect of the tDCS on gait speed. We could not determine the effects on the time taken to walk, the time spent in bed, or the time the person spent in the immobile state of dyskineia. We were unable to determine the effect of using tDCS for improving activities of daily living. We identified no studies examining the effect on the effects for reducing off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and on the reduction of time spent with dysketinesia. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS had an effect on reducing the time people spent in hospital bed, improving the quality of life, disability, and impairment in patients with IPD. We are uncertain whether tCSD is beneficial or harmful for reducing the off time, improving activities, and improving the symptoms of dysketia. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up to date as of January 2018.
We included 12 studies (N=461) in the review. We excluded four studies from the previous review because they did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. We found no new studies for this update. Overall, we found no evidence that local anaesthetic sympathetic blockade is effective for reducing pain. Two small studies compared local anaesthesia to a sham (placeb) or a 'placeb-free', which is a fake treatment. They did not demonstrate any short term benefit for LASB. One small study compared thoracic (through the thoracoscopes) and subdural (through a vein) injections of corticostimulone (a corticosteroid) with a local anesthetist (through an intravenous vein). This study showed that the same treatment had no effect at one- and two-year follow-up. Of two studies that investigated LASBs as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from LASBS. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatment. One study compared ultrasound-guided LASBP with non-guided local anaesthetics. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these.
We included trials that compared the effects of antiviral drugs with either no treatment, a fake drug (placebos) (placebills) (dummy drugs) or a placebo. We found that the use of the antivirals may have little or no effect on the rate of complete or partial recover from Bell's palsy. The rate of partial recoveries was lower with the antiviral drug cortanercept (an antifungal) than with no treatment. The number of people with Bell's P syndrome who had a motor synkine (swelling) or tears (swearing), or both, was lower in people who had corticostoids plus antiviral drugs compared to people who received corticosteroids alone. The combination of antivirral drugs plus corticoids probably reduced the late sequelae of Bell's syndrome compared with corticoid-only treatment. We did not find clear evidence that the combination of corticolors plus antiviral agents had a clear effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with severe Bell's disease. We also found that people who were treated with cortanorcept plus antivirinol had fewer episodes of long-term sequelae compared to those who were given corticidosteroids plus placebo. The evidence is too uncertain to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects on adverse events. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low for the outcomes of incomplete or partial recovery and motor synkeinesis or crocodile tears, and very low for adverse events, because of the small number of studies and participants and the small numbers of participants.
We found two studies, including 97 women, comparing two different LHRH agonists (leuproreceptor agonists) for the treatment (leupererererelin and treosulfan) of platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory EOC. One study compared leuprorelin with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfans) and the other study compared decapeptyl with a placebo (a pretend treatment). The studies were conducted in France and the United Kingdom. The studies lasted from two to three years. The evidence is current to January 2014. The two studies were of very low quality. There may be little or no difference between treatment with leuprerelins or treosulans in overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, respectively. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treos sulfan than leuprrerelan. There was no difference in other Grade 3/4 side effects: nausea and vomiting, neurotoxicity (damage to nerves), neutropenia (inflammation of the blood), neutrophils (inflammations of the bone marrow) and neutropensia (infection of the white blood cells). The Currie 1994 study, which compared decaceptyl treatment with placebo, reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks, respectively, and no relative effects measures or P value at a particular time point were reported. Overall survival (os) and QoL outcomes were not reported. In addition, adverse events were only mentioned for the decapeptic group. Adverse events were incompletely reported (no adverse events in decapeplyl group, but not reported for the placebo group). Based on this review of
We found 17 studies that compared the effects of inhaled nitrogen oxide (iNO) to control (placebo) or no treatment (placebodies) or to standard care. We found that inhaled i NO was better than standard care in babies with low blood pressure (low blood pressure) and low blood sugar (low white blood cell counts) and had a lower risk of death. We did not find any evidence that iNO was better in babies who had a herni (a herni that is a hole in the chest wall that leads to the lungs). We found no evidence that babies who were given iNO had a better chance of being born with a hernia. We were able to include 17 studies in this review. We could not include studies that were only of high-frequency (iN = 1.5) or high-current (i NO = 2.0) ventilation. We also included studies that used other oxygen-lowering agents (e.g. nitric oxide). We did find that babies given i NO had a reduced risk of dying or needing additional oxygen support (high-quality evidence). We also found that babies treated with iNO were less likely to need additional oxygen. We are uncertain whether babies who received iNO at less severe levels of oxygen had better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. We do know that babies with a diaphragmatic hernia who received treatment earlier had better outcomes than babies who did not. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for most outcomes. We judged the quality to be moderate for the outcomes of death or use of additional oxygen and for the outcome of oxygen support. We graded the quality as high or low for the other outcomes.
This review of trials found that lumbar supports are not more effective than no treatment, no treatment or training, or other preventive treatments for low-back pain. There was also conflicting evidence on the effect of lmbar supports on other preventive interventions. There is moderate evidence that lmbars are not better than no intervention or training in preventing low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are better than other preventive intervention. It remains unclear whether lumbarb supports are more effective in treating low-backs than no or other interventions. More research is needed to answer this question.
We included 57 studies with 16.784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that antimicrobial CVCs reduce the occurrence of catheter-related blood stream infection and catheter colonization. However, the magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to the setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. There were no significant differences between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. The magnitude of the benefits was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. A comparatively smaller body of evidence suggests that antimiotic CVC-impregnant CVC do not appear to reduce the rates for clinically diagnosed sepsis or death. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of antimicrobial-impanted CVCS across all settings. Further randomized controlled trials assessing antimicrobial cVCs should include important clinical outcomes like the overall rates of sepsitis and mortality.
We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions included zinc supplements in women (three studies), micronutrient or macronutrients (food) supplements (three) in children (three), and nutrition systems (two) in pregnant and school-age women (two). The studies were of low- to very low-certainty. The studies did not report on the effects of the nutrition-specific interventions on the health of the women, or on the length of time the women were able to walk. The evidence was of low to very poor certainty. We found no studies that looked at the effects on the impact of the interventions on health-related outcome. We did find that the interventions had a small effect in reducing the number of babies who were stunted, but there was no clear effect on the number that were still growing at 18 months. The certainty of the studies was low or very low. We were not able, for instance, to assess the impact on the children's weight, height, or health-based on the outcomes of the trials. We could not tell if the interventions were harmful. We are very unsure about the effects that the nutrition programmes had. We do not know if the nutrition programs had an effect on health, on the way the women and their babies grew, or the way that the children grew. We also do not have any evidence that the programmes had an impact on health. We have found no research on the ways that the intervention changed the way people in the nutrition programme was carried out. We need more research to find the best way to provide healthy food for all people in slums.
This review of trials found that foam dressings do not appear to be more effective than other wound dressings in the healing of venous leg ulcers. The evidence is of low to unclear quality. More evidence is needed from well-conducted trials, which use well-designed and rigorous-conducting RCTs, that report the results of the trials and clearly report the outcome data.
We found two studies that compared the effects of celecoxib and etoricoxib to a dummy drug (placebo) in patients with rheumatologic symptoms. One of the two studies (159 patients) showed that the two drugs did not cause more side-effects. The other (222 patients), which showed that both drugs did, did not make a difference to the symptoms. The two studies were of low quality. The results for the effects on the disease and the side- effects were unclear. The studies did, however, show that celeoxIB and etricoxib do not cause side-effect. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of patients and short duration of treatment. The authors of the study comparing celecoxIB and placebo did not report side-side effects. The study comparing etoricoxinib to placebo did report side effects. Side effects included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No patients experienced any cardiovascular side effects or thrombotic side effects (blood clots). The results of the studies were uncertain. The overall quality of evidence was very low due mainly to the low number of events. The evidence is up to date as of August 2014.
We found 22 studies that included a total of over 2310 participants. The studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short treatment times (4 to 24 weeks). Six studies included only people with ulcers that were infected; one study only looked at people with infected ulcers, and two studies did not report whether they were still having ulcers; and 13 of the studies did't look at people who were not having ulcures. We found that there is little or no evidence that using antimicrobials (e.g., silver, iodide, zinc, zinc hyaluride, or zinc sulphadizine) to treat foot ulcers is more effective than non-antimicrobial dressings. We are also unsure about the effects of using an antimicrobin to treat wounds that are not treated with topical antibiotics. We have found that the use (or the potential for a difference) in the risk of side-effects (side-effect) was probably not much more than if the wound was treated with a non-medicine dress. We do not have enough evidence to be sure that antimicroicrobial dressings are more effective in terms of wound-heal, wound-resolving, and adverse event rates. We also have no evidence to know if antimicrobrics are more or less safe for people with diabetic foot ulcuts. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low or very low, meaning we are very unsure of the results. We judged the certainty to be low for the outcomes of wound wound- heath, wound healing, wound infection, and side- effects. We graded the certainty as low for all other outcome measures.
We included six studies that involved a total of 5193 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that zinc supplementation in children reduces the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the prevalence of pneumonia 41%. We found no evidence that zinc supplements reduce the incidence or prevalence of lower specificity pneumonia case definition. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review found that vitamin A has only a limited effect on acute LRTIs. Vitamin A caused an increase in the incidence of acute LUTIs (cough and runniness), an increase of cough, and fever, and an increase on the symptoms of cough. This result is outside our current knowledge of the use of vitamins A for preventing LRTI. Low-dose vitamin C may be more effective than high-dose vitamin C in preventing LUTIS, but the effect of this low-dissolving vitamin is uncertain.
This review of trials found that theophylline improves lung function and slightly improves blood gas tensions. These benefits were seen in people with moderate to severe COPD. However, the benefit was modest and the risk of side-effects was greater with the theophyllan. The quality of the trials was low, and the studies were small. Theophyllines were well tolerated, and very few people dropped out of the studies.
We found 10 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared oral immunotherapy with no treatment, sublingual (sublingual) or other treatments. These studies involved 439 children (oral immunotherapists 249; no treatment) and 190 children (no treatment) who were aged 1 to 18 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted between 2000 and 2015. We found that oral immunotherapy for egg allergy is effective, but the quality of evidence was low due to small numbers of participants and events, and possible bias. Most children (82%) in the oral immun therapy group could eat a full serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of the control group. Fewer than half (45%) of children receiving oral immuntreatment were able to tolerate a full serve of egg compared to only 10% in the control. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent, with 75% of children presenting mild-to severe adverse events during oral immuntherapy treatment versus 6.8% of those in the placebo group. Of note, seven studies used an egg avoidance diet as the control, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which means that in 4 in 10 children, adverse events occurred because of accidental ingestion. We also found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up oral immunacy. It appears that oral treatment with egg allergy improves tolerance, with almost everyone becoming more tolerant compared with a minority in the treatment group and almost half of people being totally tolerant of egg by the end of treatment compared with 1 in 10 people who avoid egg. However, nearly all who received treatment experienced adverse events, mainly allergy-related. We judged the quality and quantity of evidence to
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Data were not available for adverse events after ILR implant. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the ILr implant were counted. The mean cost per diagnosis and the mean cost of arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR. Moderate quality evidence shows that an aetiologic diagnosis increases the rate of aetic diagnosis as compared with a standard diagnosis pathway. No conclusive data were provided on the other end-points analysed. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILRs in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILR to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that enrolled 275 patients with 282 patients with hydroceles. These studies compared the two types of treatment. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2012 and involved 275 patients. The patients were randomised to either surgery or aspiration and sclerotherapy. The results of the studies were not consistent. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups. However, there was significant heterogeneity in the results of these studies. This could be due to the agent used or the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. There was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received sclerosant agents compared with surgery. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the sclerosing solution group. There is an increased number of infections in the surgery group but this increase was not statistically significant. Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgical group was higher than the scleraotherapy group but because of different measurement tools used in these studies, we could not combine the results. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. There did not appear to be a significant difference in haematoma formation between the groups. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no significant difference between the treatment groups. Radiologic cure was also not reported. The cure rate in short-term follow-up was similar between the intervention groups, however there is significant uncertainty in this result due to differences in the methods used in the studies. The quality of the evidence was assessed as moderate. There are a great need for rigorous randomised controlled trials that assess the effectiveness of different types of sclero-antibiotics, sclerosesant agents, sclosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It is important that the RCTs have sufficiently large sample
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rh DN) with a dummy treatment (placebulaic acid) in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. The trial was conducted in the USA. The evidence is current to September 2015. The RCT was conducted to assess the effects of nebulisation of the airway in children with tracheomalacia. The children were aged between one month and 18 years. The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health Research (NIHR) and the National Institute of Health (NIH) Research Council of Canada (NIHC). The study compared nebulaised recombiniscent recombinant recombinanthuman deoxyrioxyriboneuclease with a placebo (fake drug) in children aged between two weeks and 18 months. The results of the trial were inconclusive. The mean change in proportion of children who were cough-free at two weeks was not significant. However, the mean change at night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group. The average change in daytime cough diary score from baseline was also better in the placebo groups compared to those on nebulized rhDNase, but the difference between groups was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests at two week also favoured placebo over nebulising rhDNASE but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic trachealacia. It remains inconclusive whether the use of nebulinised rhDNases in children who have airwaymalacia and respiratory tract infections worsens recovery. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with trachomalacia
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. We found no studies that evaluated physical therapies. Four studies evaluated forms of cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT); 14 studies compared CBT with usual care; five studies compared the intervention to enhanced or'staged' care. Five of the 21 studies were funded by the manufacturer. The average number of sessions in the studies ranged from 1.5 to 13. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. Most studies were conducted in the USA, and most were conducted among adults. The duration of symptoms reported by nine studies was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. Eleven studies (52% of studies) reported a loss to follow- up of more than 20%. Eleven studies reported a total of 52% of participants who dropped out of the studies. Five studies (679 participants) showed that psychological therapies were somewhat less acceptable in terms of drop-outs than enhanced care. When all psychological therapies included this review were combined, CBT was superior to usual care or waiting list in terms to reducing the severity of symptoms, but the difference was small. The effects were durable within and after one year of follow up. Compared with enhanced or structured care, CBTs generally were not more effective for most of the outcomes. The overall quality of evidence contributing to this review was rated low to moderate. The studies reported no major harms. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all studies in this review included participants who were willing to receive psychological treatment. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for somatoform disorders or MUPS. It is unclear how large this group is and how this influences the relevance of CBT in clinical practice. The number of studies investigating various treatment modalities
We included 63 randomised controlled studies in this review. We were able to synthesise data on regional anaesthesia for the risk of PPP beyond three months of PPT from 39 studies, enrolling 3027 patients. We found that epidural anaesthesia may be effective for thoracotomy, but we were not sure if it was better than not having an epidurals. We could not pool data for the other surgical subgroups of limb loss, herniectomy, heart or lung surgery, or laparotomy. We did not find any studies on the risk-free use of regional anaesthetics for the treatment of pain and pain at three months or more than one year after surgery. We also found that intravenous infusion of local anaesthetic drugs may reduce the risk for developing PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery. However, we did not have enough data to be certain about the safety of this intervention. We are uncertain about the effectiveness of regional analgesia for the prevention of PP after breast surgery. There is moderate-quality evidence that regional anaesthetic may reduce PPP after three to 18 months after thoracectomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. We conclude that there is moderate quality evidence that there may be moderate-risk of developing PPPP after thoraco- thoracotomies. We cannot be certain that regional analgesics are effective for other surgical procedures, for example, paravertebral block. We need more research to confirm the benefits and harms of regional epidural anaesthesia. We do not have sufficient data to determine the effectiveness for other types of surgery, such as limb loss or hernia repair. We recommend that further research is conducted to assess the safety and effectiveness of other surgical interventions.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that some second-generation (second- generation) drugs, such as flupenthixol, halopride, thiothixene, and levoxetine, are helpful for BPD. There is not much evidence for the use of first- generation (flupsentine, amtriptyline, halperidol, and flupentine), first- and second-gen (flupenthIXol, levodopa, levoxamine) drugs. There was some evidence of some benefit with second- and mood-st stabilisers, but these were mostly from single studies. There were no clear results for B PD-related self-harms, sedation, and haemogram measurements. There may be some benefit for omega 3 fatty acids, but the results are not conclusive. There are no clear data for BND-related depression. There has been no evidence for BDP-related side effects. There have been no trials for BPP-related BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, with 217 of whom had completed the studies. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised trials (RCT). Of these two trials, two were added for this update (one was added for the previous version of this review, and one was new). We are not sure if washout (saline or acid) has an effect on the rate of symptomatous urine infection, length of time each catheter is in place, or the rate that each catheter is in the ureter. We are also not sure how washout affects the rate or length of stay in the cathete. We were unable to assess the effects of washout on: the use of wash out, the number of people who use washout, the use or lack of use of other treatments, or health-based outcomes. We found no trials that assessed: the cost-effectiveness of the washout treatment, the cost of the treatment, or how wash out affects people's quality- of- life. We did find one small trial (25 people) that looked at the use, but the trial was small. We could not be sure if the trial had a positive or a harmful impact on the cost. We also found no studies that looked into: the number or use of cathets, the acceptability of wash outs, or costs. We rated the quality of the evidence from the seven trials that looked different washout treatments as low or very low. We judged the quality as being of low or low because of the small numbers of people in the studies, the small sample size, and the poor reporting.
We included 30 studies (18 studies with 18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the review's main objective and 22 studies contributed the other two main outcomes. We found substantial differences in the way that the studies were conducted, in terms of cancer cancer survivors, age of the cancer patients, and the way in which the studies measured tiredness. We could not combine the results of the studies, so we present them descriptively. We were able to combine the data from 18 of the 30 studies, but we could not draw any overall conclusions. We are not sure how many childhood cancer patients suffer from severe tiredness after treatment. We did find that some studies found that people with cancer who were younger than 18 years of age were more likely to be tired than older people. We also found that children aged up to 18 years were more tired than those aged 16 years or older. We cannot be sure how much tiredness people with childhood cancer are tired after treatment, because the studies we looked at were not of high quality. We do not know how many people with brain cancer are more tired after cancer treatment than people with bone cancer. We can not be sure if people with blood cancer are less tired than people without cancer. The studies we found did not report the same information about fatigue in children and adults. We have not been able to calculate the risk of fatigue after treatment for any of the reported risks and associated factors, because we could only combine results from a small number of studies. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or unclear, and we cannot be certain about the effect of fatigue on the occurrence of cancer-related death. We need more research to find out how many children and young adults with cancer are still tired after they have been treated for cancer.
We identified 36 trials involving 6914 people. The trials compared topical and systemic antibiotics to prevent infections and death. There was variation in the type of antibiotics, the type and duration, and the risk of resistance of the antibiotics. The results of the trials showed that a combined treatment with both topical (topical) and systemic (susceptible) antibiotics reduced the risk for both RTIs (16 trials) and death (19 trials). There was no difference in RTIs and death in the group treated with systemic (topic) and non-topic (non-suspect) antibiotics. There were no trials that compared the use of topical and nonpertensive antibiotics in the same group.
This review identified five studies that examined the effects of education interventions aimed at nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of PR. Four of them examined nursing home staff and one study residents in group dwelling units. Three of them included only one or two nursing home patients. The studies were of low quality. The results of the five studies were not consistent. One of the three studies in the group home found that nursing staff were more likely to use PR than the staff in the control group. The other three found that nurses were less likely to be using PR than staff. The single small study in the nursing home found no change. The one small study of the group dwelling unit found no changes. The review found no studies in other settings. The quality of the studies was low. There was not enough evidence to support the use or lack of use of a PR device in nursing home or group home staff.
We found four randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation with a dummy pill (placebos) for women having IVF/ICSI cycles. The studies included 416 women. The trials were of low or low quality. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. There was also insufficient evidence of a difference between groups in clinical pregnancy rate. The safety and effectiveness of glucococortics in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF and ICSI cycles (until the day of oocyte retrieval) is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. Whilst glucocorts possibly increase the clinical pregnancy rates, there may be little or no impact on live birth rates. More research is needed. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five to 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo, standard- dose rhGH and high-dose rGH (0.5 mg/ kg/week). Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high dose levels. The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels, but there were no significant differences between the two groups. We also found improvement in height for all comparisons, but improvements in weight and muscle mass were only reported for standard- and high doses of rhGH. There is some evidence indicating a change in blood glucose levels with rh GH but this did not cross the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes in the trials of short duration. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of the number of people with diabetes. The significant change in the blood glucose level, although not causing diabetes, emphasizes the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to diabetes. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in this trial due to the small number of participants. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality-of-life. There were no differences in quality and quantity of exercise capacity between the trials. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. When compared with no treatment, rhGH is effective in improving the intermediate outcomes in height, weight, and lean muscle mass. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. The evidence is current to September
We included 26 studies with 1.6 million people in the review. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to the agent, reducing exposure, or reducing exposure. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that reducing exposure may improve symptoms and lung function compared to continued exposure. It also found that reduction of exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared to continuing exposure. However, reducing the exposure may also increase the risk of unemployment. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of people in each study. We recommend that future studies should be larger and of high quality.
This review included six trials with a total of 1758 participants. The participants were adults with nonerosive reflux disease or milder forms (e.g. reflux and esophagitis) of the stomach. Five trials investigated on-demand use of PPI and one trial examined abrupt stopping. The average age of participants was 48 to 57 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had non-erosive (elevated) reflux. The trials were of low to very poor quality. There was low- to very-high-risk of PSI discontinuance in people with mild reflux, and there was low risk of PMI use being reduced in people who were not on-patient. There were no data on the long-term effects of PI use. There may be an increase in the risk of GI symptoms (eg., dyspepsia, regurgitate), but there was a decrease of PIs per week. There is no evidence that PPI use is reduced in the long term. There are no data to make a clear conclusion about the longterm effects or costs. None of the studies reported cost/resource use.
We included 13 randomised trials with a total of 995 participants. These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care. People’s mental state results were better in the group receiving social skills. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills (1 trial). Quality of life was also improved in the social Skills programme compared to the standard care group. However, when social skills was compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills were compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills can improve social functioning of people in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We found one study that compared the effects of peglotecap (an infusion of pegalotecan) with a placebo (a fake drug). This study included 225 people (145 with tophospholipids) who were randomly assigned to one of three arms; pegloticase (peglotECan) infusion once a week, peglopicse (pegalotrexate) (pegolytic acid) (a drug that dissolves the blood clots) and a sham (placebo) (placebos). We found that peglote was effective in reducing tophylaxis (the process of the tophils coming out) in the small group of people with gout who were treated biweekly, but the number of people who withdrew from the study due to side-effects (side-effect) was high. In the sham (peo-fake) group, the number who withdrew was higher. The number of withdrawals due to to side effects (side effects) was higher in the peglotics (peco-peo) groups. The most common side- effects were mild (side) reactions (adverse events), which were usually due to flare ups of gout. The study did not report pain, function, and serum urate (a marker of normal blood flow) for all people, but not for those with gouts. We did find that pego- peglotes were effective for the treatment of guspsitis, but there was a high risk of side-side-effects. We found no studies that looked at the use of pegocere in the treatment with toppled gout, so we do not have any evidence on the use peglots. We need more studies to find out if peglosporins are effective for toppling gusks.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the treatment of NEC. Three studies met the criteria for inclusion. The evidence is current to August 2014. The review found that oral immunosuppressive agents (IgG or IgA) given to newborn infants did not reduce the risk of NEC in comparison with placebo. There were no studies on the use of oral IgA alone for the prevention of NEC, and there were no trials on the combination of IgA and IgG. The available evidence does not support the use or potential use of IgG/IgA for the preventive of NEC and further research is needed.
This review of five randomised trials found that postoperative chemotherapy is an effective and safe treatment for women with early-stage breast cancer. It is an option to radiotherapists and has been shown to be an effective treatment for breast cancer in women who are undergoing hysterectomies and have radiotherapeutic radiotheraps. Chemotherapies are given after surgery and radiotherapy. Postoperative chemotherapy reduces the risk of developing a metastasis (cancer spread outside the pelvis) and is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the number of women who die from breast cancer, reduces the chance of developing the first recurrence outside the pelvic cavity and has added value when used with radiotherapy, particularly when used in combination with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from different countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high- and high-cost countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had already been through the programmes, while some were more abstract, asking what they would like. The studies covered a range, for example, reminders for appointments, reminders to take care, support for smoking quit, or general health advice. Our results show that clients' views of these types of programs were mixed. Some felt that these types programs gave them a sense of support, as they felt that they had been in touch with people, and that they felt someone was taking the time to send them a text or email. They also shared the text or e mail with their friends and family. Some clients felt that the messages were helpful, and some felt that it was helpful to be part of these programmes. They felt that people were taking the risk of sending them a message, and they felt it was helping them. They were also concerned that people would know who sent them the message. Some people had poor or no phone, and others had lost or broken their phone, could have lost or lost their phone or had had a change in their phone number. Some, especially young people, had their phone access to phones that were not under their own control. The cost of the text and e mail could be a problem, and the cost of text and emails could be an issue. Some users of the programmes had poor access, which could have led to them not being in the right mood. Some had poor skills in reading, writing, and using their mobile phone. Clients with health problems, such as HIV, were also worried that people might find the messages to be too personal. Cl clients with other health problems such as family or sexual health problems were also often worried that the message they were sent might be leaked. Clanners' views could have
This review of trials found that methadone is as effective as other medications for the treatment of heroin use, but that it is not as good as other drugs. The review found no clinical difference in the outcomes of completion, number of people who were abstentent, degree of withdrawal, adverse events, and number of patients who relapsed. The results of the review also showed that metha-dopa, a drug that is used to treat heroin use in the treatment program, is as good at stopping use as other medicines.
This review of trials found that the effects of heavy sedation are no more or less severe than those of light sedation, but that the risk of side-effects is higher. The high cost of this approach, both in money terms, and the use of scarce intensive-care time, should not be pursued.
This review included fourteen studies. The studies lasted from 10 days to three months. The review found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, there was no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between the two groups. However, there is some evidence that the effects of this drug may be more pronounced in the short term. The drug may cause movement disorders, but it does cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants. The studies evaluated 23 treatments covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent (hydroquinone), a cream containing hydroquinone, a cream with tretinone, tretinoins, and fluocinolone, or a cream of tretinosin, trenzapride, and a cream that has tretatinin, and hydroquinones. The treatments were also divided by the type of melas. The results of these studies were not combined due to the different treatments and the small number of studies. Triple cream (triple-combination) was more effective at lighten melas (combining the effects of t retinone and tretalinin) than tretaminin, but not when compared to the dual combinations (tretinon, trempe, and tremple). Azelaic acid (20%) was more successful than 2% hydroquinon but not 4% hydrocinone. Thiospot was more active than placebo. The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
This review of trials found that 5-FU injections can reduce the risk of surgical failure and eye pressure in people having trabecuectomies. However, the small but significant reduction in the risk was seen in eyes at high- risk of failure, and in those having traceryclic trabecaectomy. The risk of intraoperable eye pressure (intraocular pressure) was also reduced. No surgical failure was found in the low- and high-dose 5-FU injection group. No difference was found for the low dose 5-Ufos group. The quality of the trials was not high, and the number of patients in the studies was small. The trials did, however, report on the patients' views of care, which was not enough to allow a fair assessment. The results of this review should be viewed with some care. The review found that there is a need for more research in this field.
This review of trials found that inhaled steroids may reduce the rate of flare-ups and the rate that people need to be treated for COPD. However, the use of inhaling corticostimulants may also have side-effects. There was an increase in the risk of pneumonia, which was more common in the ICS group. There is a need for more studies to be done to find out if inhaling steroids can help people with COPD to live a longer, healthy life. The review found that the use ICS was not shown to be helpful in terms of lung function, but that it may slow the rate at which people's lungs get worse. The use of ICS may have a small but important effect on bone health.
We included 80 randomised controlled studies (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two non-specific COX-2-specific) versus either a fake medicine, par acetaminophen, paracitriptan, or each of these. The studies were carried- out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo (35 randomised trials, 53 women). This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. However, NSAIDs are associated with more side effects (overall side effects: 25 trials, 25 women taking NSAID, 25 side effects per 1000 women; gastrointestinal side effects; neurological side effects): 7 trials, 7 women taking a placebo, 7 side effects, 7 adverse effects, and 7 adverse events, respectively). The evidence suggests that NSAID use is associated with a substantial risk of side effects. The quality of the evidence was low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%), a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment for dysmenorrhoea, though women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk for side effects that they may cause. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmen orrhoeas.
We included seven studies that compared the effects of high versus low blood flow rates (PEEP) in 2565 adult patients. The studies were of variable quality. We found that high versus lower levels of PEEP did not reduce the risk of death or the risk for a head fracture. Oxygenation was better in the high-PEEP group, but the number of ventilator-free days did not show a difference. We did not find any difference in the risk that the high levels of blood flow had on the risk to the brain. We were able to combine the data from three of the studies, which showed that the risk was the same for the high and low-PEEP groups. We could not pool the data of the other two studies, as they were too small. We also found that the subgroup of patients with ARDS (arthral dyskalmia), who were in the low-flow group, had less death in the ICU. We concluded that the included studies were not well-conducted, but that they were of high quality. The evidence was up- to- date as of April 2015.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original 2010 review (2010) and 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from the initial review (nine were withdrawn from the review due to concerns about the quality of the data and six were missing data). The review found that HES products increase the risk of AKI in all patient groups. The risk of kidney failure was higher in the HES group than in the other group. The number of people with AKI and the risk-free kidney failure were higher in those treated HES treated patients. The quality of studies was good. The review also found that there was no difference in the risk for sepsis-related AKI, but there was a small increase in the chance of AKIs in those patients who were treated HESA. The current review found no evidence that HESA is safe.
We identified nine studies that enrolled a total of 682 patients with CKD. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made a comparison with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor. The review found that Rheam officinare had a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels in patients with chronic kidney disease. However, no significant difference was found between Rheaum officinane and captoprial for any outcome. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rheom officinune. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015.
We found 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals with dementia, that met the inclusion criterion. The studies were of variable quality. The IQCODE test accuracy was better in the'specialist' setting, but not in the general hospital. We found no significant difference in the test performance of the short (16- or 26-item) IQCode, or in the way the test was given. The tests were not similar in the language of the studies, which supports the cross-culture, cross-diagnostic use. The quality of the included studies was not high, and we found that the studies were not of high enough standard. We conclude that the IQCOD can be used in the context of the care of people with dementia.
We found three studies that investigated the effectiveness of outpatient MD treatment for spasticity in people with stroke. The studies included 91 people. All three studies investigated various types and intensities (outcomes) of treatment. Rehabilitations included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) compared to task practice therapies alone; and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. No studies investigated interventions in children and those with lower limb spasticities, or after other focal intramuscular treatments for spasticsity. There was no evidence that MD treatment improved active function or reduced spasticia in people after stroke. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. This means that the true effect of the treatment may be substantially different from what the studies show. Further research is needed to determine the best type of treatment for improving activity and spasticy in people who have had a stroke.
This review identified four randomised trials, recruiting 136 patients. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. One trial compared combination treatment with HBIG and HBD versus lamivUDine alone. A third trial compared lamvudine and HBI gabapentin versus lamvUDine and GABP alone after one month of combination treatment, and a fourth trial compared the combination of lamivudiudine plus HBIgar versus lamdudine only after at least 12 months of lamvUVG combination treatment. No clear evidence was found for the use of long-term combination treatment for patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large randomised clinical trials comparing long-lasting combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone, including the newer antiviral drugs, are needed.
This review of trials found that sulphonylurea with insulin did not lead to better control of blood sugar at three months (15 studies) and 12-month follow-up (14 studies) of treatment and follow-ups. In addition, there was evidence that sulphurea caused earlier insulin dependence (30% in the sulphonylourea group compared to 5% in conventional care group). The proportion of patients requiring insulin at two years was 30% in patients treated with sulphonylyurea compared to just 5% of patients treated in the conventional care groups. No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide levels, but insulin maintained stimulated C- peptide better than sulphonylinea. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. In a five year follow- up of GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide), improvements in fasting and stimulated C peptides were maintained after five years. One trial using vitamin D (20 μg) showed steady fasting C peptic levels in the vitamin D group but declining fasting C levels in patients receiving insulin alone. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes). Two studies show sulphonyloside with insulin leading to earlier insulin dependency and a meta-analysis of four studies with considerable heterogeneity showed poorer metabolic control if sulphonyleurea is prescribed for patients with LADA compared to insulin. However, there is no significant evidence for or against other lines of treatment of LADA, including GAD.
We included 70 studies (44.958 participants) in the review. We included 63 studies (42,784 participants) that compared social norms interventions with no social norms intervention for preventing alcohol misuse among college/university students. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms for prevention of alcohol misuse. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence is current to September 2016. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of the same. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) evaluated the provision (with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions to functional activities) of hip protection with or without restrictions to activities of daily living. There was no evidence that hip precautions with or with the addition (or without the use of equipment) of postoperative equipment or restrictions to activity of daily life improved function or health-related quality of life at 12 months follow-up. The quality of evidence was very low. We are uncertain if hip precautions are effective in preventing hip dislocations and improving outcomes after THA, and we are uncertain whether hip precautions without the need for restrictions to daily activities are effective. One small study (146 participants) investigated the provision a postoperative education and rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL versus a conventional rehabilitation intervention in the community. We were uncertain if the provision improved function at six months follow up, when assessed using the Objective and Subjective Functional Capability Index (a tool to measure functional ability) compared to conventional rehabilitation. The trial did not assess pain score or quality of the life of participants. The results of this study were inconclusive. The review found no evidence to support or refute the use or rejection of a postoperatively-based rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and rehabilitation. There is insufficient evidence to recommend the use and implementation of a community rehabilitation programme. Further high-quality trials are warranted to assess the outcomes of different occupational therapy interventions both in the short and longer
This review found three randomised trials that compared LNG-IUD use with expectant treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that LNGs reduce the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. The LNG was associated with a higher proportion of women who were satisfied with their treatment but the evidence was of moderate strength. The number of women reporting a change in menstruation was higher in the LNG group but the number of participants not completing the allocated treatment did not differ between groups. In one trial, women receiving LNG, noted lower pain scores compared with women receiving gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists but this did not reach statistical significance. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative LNG/IUD treatment reduces the recurrences of painful period in women. Further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about bias. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (in 14/24), and included adult (17) and child-aged (14/24). The majority of studies were from the USA, and all were funded by the US Food and Drug Administration (US Food and Drugs Administration). All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The studies were conducted mainly in high-income countries, and most were conducted with adults. Six studies investigated the number of different foods available, and four studies changed the proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, we found that people who were given fewer options for eating out (three studies, 154 participants) were more likely to select the targeted food(s) than those who were not (three more studies, 150 participants). For consumption outcomes, the evidence was of moderate quality. For consumption outcome, we were uncertain about the effect of fewer options (three additional studies, 153 participants) on consumption (three further studies, 155 participants). The evidence was low or very low quality for all outcomes. For the comparison of food placed farther away from the participants (12 studies, 1098 participants), we found a moderate reduction in its consumption (two additional studies), but the evidence for this result was of low or low quality. The evidence for the comparison between food placed further away from participants (two further studies (41 participants) was of very low or moderate quality, and for the other outcomes (12 further studies involving 1098 people) was very low. The certainty of the evidence ranged from low to very low, and the main limitations were the small number of studies and participants, and differences in the types of interventions.
We found no randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of PEEP on HIV seroconversion. We found one case-control study that compared PEEPs with placebo (a pretend treatment) or no treatment. The study was conducted in the USA, and the number of participants was small. The results of the study showed that PEEPS were not 100% effective in preventing HIV serconversion. However, it is unlikely that a definitive placebo-controlled trial will ever be conducted, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a single case-controlled study, a four-week regimen of PEP should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk of seroconverting. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug antiretroviral regimens following occupational exposure to HIV. However due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV-infected individuals, a combination of antirerviral drugs should be used for PEP. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that PEP is not 100%, and that it is not possible to prevent HIV serosis.
This review of trials found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, mood, and catastrophising, but not on pain or mood, when compared with active controls. CBT is also effective in improving mood, but the effects of CBT are weak. Behavoreal CBT does have some small effects on the development of depression, but these are weak, with no clear effect on mood. CBC but not behaviour therapy has small effects in improving pain, but only immediately post-treatment and when compared to treatment as usual/waiting list. CBTs have no effect on depression, and are weak in improving the development and management of chronic pain.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in this review. Ten of these initiatives provided sufficient data for us (64,798 people) to be able to measure the impact. We found that all of these interventions had a high risk (i2) of being biased, which means that we are very unsure of the results. We could not tell if the effects of the different types of interventions were the same. We were able to use the results of five of the 10 interventions (Finland, France, Ireland, Canada, United Kingdom, and Switzerland) to show that people who received these programmes had less salt in their diet from pre-intervention (five of the ten) to post-interventions (five). We found no evidence that the other types of intervention had a similar effect. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects in low- or middle-middle-middle income or low-middle countries. We are not sure if the same type of intervention is better for people in low and middle-income or low to high-middle and high-income countries. The number of interventions was too small to be sure that the same effects were achieved. We graded the quality of the studies as low, which meant we were very unsure about the results, which could lead to bias. We rated the quality as low for the main outcome, which was the effect of the intervention. We judged the quality to be low for all the other outcome measures, which we could use. We considered the quality (i1) of the evidence to be very low, because of the small number and variation in the studies.
We found seven studies that compared medicines to placebo (a fake medicine) or to no treatment. All studies were small and had a small number of people, with a mean age of about 40 years. The studies were conducted in the 1980s and were conducted mainly in the USA. The medicines were compared with placebo. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine (one), propranolol (one) and levodopa (Prolopa®) (one trial) were compared to placebo. The results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no difference or harm. The use of preventive medication avoided any adverse effects in people treated with levodoprone and bromoprostol. One study reported that clonazine reduced rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and increased the second stage of sleep. However, results for other sleep-related outcomes with clonamine were uncertain. Adverse effects were frequent in people who took amitriptyne (5/10 had drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia compared with 0/10 in the placebo group), as well as in people receiving propranol (7/16 had moderate-to-severe xerstomia (a condition in which the brain's nerve is damaged) compared with 2/16 in the control group). Clonidine was associated with prolonged morning hypotension in three of 16 participants. The evidence is current to January 2017. We found no evidence that any of the medicines given to people with sleep bruxism are effective in treating the condition. There is a need for more research on the use of medicines to treat sleep bruXism.
We included 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements with an omega 3 oil (e.g. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), gamma-linoleic acid), and antioxidants (i.e. omega-3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants). The evidence is current to May 2018. We found that immunonutrition with omega-2 fatty acids or antioxidants may not reduce the risk of death from any cause. We are uncertain whether immunonut nutrition with omega 3 fatty acids improves the duration of time spent on the ventilator or ICU, or oxygenation at day 4. We also are uncertain if immunonutnutrition with omega3 fatty acid or antioxidants improves the risk for adverse events such as cardiac events, gastrointestinal events, or total adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of participants. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings.
We found 33 studies that compared the methods of eliciting participant-reports of AE. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with a range of age, gender, and ethnicity. The methods used in the studies were varied. The majority of the studies used a form of question-based approach, which was more specific in terms of the type of questions and the way in to which they were asked. We found that more specific questions led to more AE-related events being detected than more general questions. The evidence is up- to- date as at June 2014. The authors of this review found that the methods used to ask questions were often not as specific as they should be. This could lead to under-detection of AE events in studies using a more general approach. This under- detection could compromise the ability to pool AE data. However, the impact on the nature of the AE detected by different methods is unclear. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare the methods to ask the questions limited this review. The review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. There was a risk for under-under-detention of AEs in studies that used a more specific approach to asking questions. However the impact of this on the detection by different method is unclear, and further research is needed.
We found 15 studies that assessed the effectiveness of nocturnal supervising in people with seizures. Eight studies did not assess the interventions to prevent SUDE; two studies assessed risk factors for SUDE, but did not evaluate the interventions that could be used to prevent it. We found one case-control study that was at a high risk of bias. This study of 154 people with SUDE and 616 controls found that the presence of noxtornate supervising people had a protective effect for the presence and use of a device to detect GTCS, but the study did find no effect on the risk of SUDE. The study did, however, find that when a supervising and non- supervising group of people slept in the same room, or when a special device, for example, was used, the risk was lower. This effect was found when the supervising team used a device that could detect GTSS, such as a sound-detecting pill. We did not find any evidence that the number of deaths, changes in mood, or changes to anxiety, depression, and quality-life, or the need for a visit to the hospital, were affected. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low. We assessed 17 full text and full-text articles as of high-level evidence. We concluded that there is no high- or low-level of research to assess the effects of noptornate supervision in people who have seizures.
The evidence is current to September 2014. We found seven studies that compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. The studies were of variable quality and involved a range of participants. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. All studies compared autogenesis to one or more other recognised techniques of airway clearing. The review's primary outcome, forced expiratory volume in one second, was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies; only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing active cycle of breathing techniques, but not with autogenic ventilation. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak expirator flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. Six out of the included studies reported sputum weight. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic drain was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in a study over postural drainage and percussion. From the studies assessed, autogenic drains were not found to be superior to any other form of airways clearance technique, except when described as the preferred method of drainage in one of the trials. The included studies were not designed to assess non-inferiority. The number of
This review found that psychological therapies, based on CBT, are effective in the treatment of GAD. The evidence is current to September 2013. Twenty-five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review, of which 22 studies (1060 participants) contributed data to meta-analyses. Psychological therapies, all using a CBT approach, were more effective than TAU/WL in achieving clinical response at post-treatment, and also in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms. No studies conducted longer-term assessments of CBT against TAU or WL. Six studies compared CBT with supportive therapy (non-directive therapy and attention-placebo conditions). No significant difference in clinical response was indicated between CBT and supportive therapy at posttreatment. The body of evidence comparing CBT versus other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD, and to inform GAD care.
This review of trials found that women who had had three consecutive miscarces and were then given progestogen therapy may be less prone to having a further pregnancy. The trials were a mix of trials from India, the UK, the US, and the UK. The evidence is up- to- date as at June 2014. The review found that there may be a small benefit for women who have had three or more consecutive miscarriages and who are taking progestogens. There was no clear difference between groups for miscarriage. None of the trials reported on any other important outcomes for women, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. There may be little or no difference in the rate of low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to special care units. The quality of the evidence was moderate for live birth rate and very low for preterm birth. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains.
We included 14 studies with 1298 participants. Nine studies compared CM versus control, and five studies compared MIB interventions versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial treatments. The evidence is current to September 2016. The included studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The studies were of moderate to low quality. The findings of the review suggest that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psycho-bupropion, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However, few studies evaluated outcomes for the mother or her baby, and so it is difficult to assess the effect of psychological interventions on these outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The review authors recommend that future research should focus on the effectiveness of psychotherapy for the prevention of drug use and the management of substance use in women with drug use.
We found 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial method may be more effective for diagnosing CA or PCI (or both), but the risk of death, heart attack, and my heart attack was the same. The transradary approach had a lower procedure success rate (28 studies; 25,920 patients), but was more effective in preventing all-cause deaths (10 studies; 18,955 patients), and was less likely to cause bleeding, and to cause access-site problems (24 studies; 16,112 patients; 16.112 patients) than the transfamoral approach. Transraddial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or either CA or PICC) in CAD may reduce short-term adverse clinical events (i.e. adverse events that occurred during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up) and cardiac death (i). However, short- and myocardial infarction (a heart attack) were similar between both groups. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes (i) beyond 30 days (i), and (ii) regarding the risk for bleeding, access- site problems, and access site complications. The quality of the evidence was moderate for short- term adverse events, and high for all-term outcomes.
We found two studies of parenthood care interventions for adults with advanced dementia. One study (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a palliative care team (99 people) for people with advanced disease who were in the hospital for an acute illness. The other (256 people), which was a cluster of two studies, assessed the effect (256) of a decision aid (a device that gives a person with dementia the choice of their own end-time care, such as a pancake, a meal, or a drink) for nursing home staff. The two studies were at high risk of bias, in part due to the small number of people in the studies, and in part, due to their small size. The studies did, however, measure 31 different outcome measures, and so we were not sure if they were all measuring the same outcome. One of the two studies (99 patients) reported that a pneumatic pneum-breathe plan (pneuma) was more likely to be used for people in this group. The pneuma plan was more effective in reducing the risk of death in the short-term (two weeks) and in reducing decisional conflict (decisional conflict) in the long-term. The second study (256 patients) evaluated a decision-making aid (decisions about end-of-life feeding options) for a group of nursing home residents with advanced diseases. The decision-makers of the group receiving the intervention were more likely than those receiving the control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician. The intervention was more successful in reducing conflict and in improving decisional conflicts. The study did not find that the intervention affected the risk that people with dementia died in hospital, the risk for dying in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission. The certainty of the evidence was very low. The results of the studies were imprecise and the results of this review should be interpreted with caution
This review of three well-designed randomised trials found that there were no significant benefits or harms of either the two methods of sequence-decrease-time (CT) or RT for women with breast cancer. The data from one trial (244 women) suggests that RT before CT may be linked to a higher risk of neutropenis (blood infection) but the other two methods did not seem to have a major effect.
We found nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) involving a total of 622 adults. The studies were conducted in the community setting, with the interventions mainly provided by health workers. Three RCTs compared CrP plus resistance or weight-training with a dummy pill (placebo), and the others only looked at CrP alone. We found no firm evidence to support the use of CrP for weight-loss. We focused this review on which CrP dose would be the most effective for weight loss. We assessed all CrP dosing doses (200 µg, 400 µg or 500 µg) and found no evidence that one dose of CrPs was better than another. We also analysed the effect of all CrPs on body weight only. We noted an effect on bodyweight in favour of CrPS of debatable clinical relevance after 12 to 16 weeks of treatment. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference and adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µG CrP. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We concluded that there is no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of CrPP supplements in overweight or obese adults.
We found eleven studies with a total of 886 participants. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a range and different treatments for wound healing. The evidence is up to date to September 2014. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. There were some evidence of some evidence that zinc oxide cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. One of the studies reported that sucralfate cream increased wound healing compared to petrolatum. The study also reported lower wound pain scores in the sucralmate group. There is moderate quality evidence that more open wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed when treated with a honey-soaked gauze compared with a EUSOL-soak gauze over three weeks' follow-up. There may be some evidence for possible treatment effects of different antiseptic preparations. There are no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptics or antibiotics for wound infections. Where some evidence was reported, it was from single studies with small numbers of participants and was of moderate or low quality. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique changes in the amniotomy and CVS. Three of these were for amnioctesis (three studies), two for CVS (two) - ter butaline to colysis (three) and use of a vacuum aspirate (two). The other three were for ter buttea tocolysis and continuous vacuum aspiration (two studies). The quality of the evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses, four were randomised trials (437 people) and three were non-RCTs (1182 people) with a mean age of 18 to 35.5 years. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower-middle country (Bangladesh), and three studies were from a high-income country (Canada). Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. Three studies included maize flour fortified alone or in combination with other nutrients. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2015. In one non-randomised trial, women consuming maize flour fortified with folate and other microns were less likely to have a baby with brain injury (total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele) compared to women consuming unfortified flour. In two non-rCTs, serum folicate concentrations were higher among women who consumed flour fortified and other nutrients compared to those who consumed unfortification of maize flour. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination for attrition and contamination. The quality of the studies was low to very low. The main limitations of the included the small number of studies and participants, and the small sample sizes.
We identified six trials. Two trials involving 1,124.483 newborn infants (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The trials were of variable design and measured different outcomes. The results of the trials suggest that screening is more likely to improve lung function in newborn infants with CF than not screening. Severe malnutrition was less common among screened participants. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters within normal limits of at least 89% predicted. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were better among screened infants; 33% of screening versus 50% of control participants had better chest X-ray scores over five and 24% of the screened versus 45% of participants had Brasfield chest X test scores under 21. Over time, chest radiographs showed that chest X tests were worse in screened infants. In screened infants colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa occurred earlier. The evidence suggests that screening through screening is less expensive than traditional diagnosis. Nutritional benefits are apparent. Screening provides potential for better pulmonary outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 people with high risk of stroke, with a mean age of 65 years. The trials compared 'lower' versus'standard' blood pressure targets for diastolic blood pressure in people with diabetes. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden and the UK. The average follow-up time of the trials was 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower lower blood pressure target (lower 120 mmHg) versus 'lower 140 mmHG) systolic blood blood pressure (standard) blood pressure. The trial was conducted in 4734 participants. The study was funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and the other trials were funded by pharmaceutical companies. The results of the trial showed that people with higher blood pressure were more likely to have a stroke, heart attack or death. The only significant benefit in the group assigned to 'lower blood pressure was a reduction in the incidence of stroke. The effect of lower blood pressures on mortality was compatible with both a reduction and an increase in risk. The number of participants included in the DBP target analysis was 2580. The total number of deaths was lower in the 'lower DBP' group, mainly due to a trend to lower non-cardiovascular mortality. There was no difference in stroke, myocardial infarction or congestive heart failure. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse events were not reported in any of the studies. The quality of the evidence was low. The included trials were at a high risk for selection bias, which means that the results may not be reliable.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in the treatment of plantar foot ulcers in people with type 2 diabetes. The review found evidence that non non-reactive casts, when used with a tendon lengthening device, are more likely to be successful than non-resistance casts, or dressings.
We found five randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that met our inclusion criteria. These studies included a total of 235 participants. Two studies (n = 100) compared computer-assisted cognitive training with no training, two (n / = 95) compared with no treatment, and one (n/ = 47), compared with one (N = 47). Each study focused on women with breast cancer. We found that computer-based cognitive training improved the performance of tasks such as memory, thinking, language, and thinking skills. Two (n + 1) of the five RCTs (n > 95) also showed that cognitive training had a positive impact on mental well-being. Compensate strategy-training improved cognitive function, self-report memory, and spiritual well being. Two RCT (n < 95) did, in fact, show that compensator strategy- training did not have a positive effect on mental or mental well being, but it did show that it was better than wait list controls. We rated the quality of the studies as low. We need to be aware that the evidence is up- to- date as of September 2014. We also need to conduct research into cognitive impairment among cancer patient groups other than women with cancer.
We found six trials, all from the 1970s, involving 343 participants. The overall methodology and data reporting of the trials was poor. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may be similar in terms of global state of functioning, but the evidence is of low to very low quality. Ch chlorpromamide and p Piper acetazine may cause side-effects, but there is no clear difference in side effects. No trial reported on the effects of the drugs on adverse symptoms, costs, or negative effects. We found no clear evidence that chlor prompromamide is better than piperapeacetazine in terms or worse than other drugs. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The trials were small, and the results of the review are not conclusive. We are not sure if there is a clear difference when chlor promparazine is used in combination with piperate. More high- quality research is needed.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. The studies compared the use of stents with emergency surgery for the treatment of colorectal obstruction. The use of colorocorosis in malignant colorestal obstruction seems to be as safe as emergency surgery. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of the attempted stent placements. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. There were no significant differences in the complication rate between the two groups, but the clinical success rate was higher in the emergency surgery group. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the medical emergency surgery groups. This review found that the stent placement was successful for 86.2% of attempted stents. The complication rate was 39.22% in the colic stents group and 45.71% in emergency surgery participants. There is no difference in complication rate in both the groups. However, the use coloreCTal stents seems to have no advantage over emergency surgery in terms of the use time, procedure and blood loss. The advantages of colortal stent includes shorter hospital stay and procedure time and less blood loss compared to emergency surgery, however, the trials were of variable design and the number of participants was small. Further randomised studies with bigger sample size and well defined trial design are needed to achieve the robust evidence.
We found nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) comparing human albumin, HES or HSS (two RCTs, 226 women) with no treatment, or with mannitol (one RCT, 226 high-risk high-pregnant PCOS) or with no intervention. We found that the plasma expanders (injections of human albumine, HSS and HSS) reduce OHSS in high- risk high-to-low-pregnancy-rate (high-pitched) and low-pitch OHSS. There was no clear evidence that HSS, or HES, or mannolar had a positive effect on the number of women who had a baby. There were no data on live birth. There is some low- to very-low quality evidence that the HSS is less likely to be life-threatening with HSS. The evidence was of low to very low to low-to low-level. The main problems were imprecise, poor reporting, and poor study methods.
This review of 10 studies involving a total of 484 patients found no evidence that one sclerosant was better than any other. There was some evidence that polidocanol was more likely to be painful than a lower saline solution, and that a higher saline solution (supremely hot) was worse. There were no data on the effect of sclerosing agents on patient or healthcare system-related quality-of-life. There is some evidence from one small study that suggests that hyper-hot saline (HS), a drug that dissolves the skin, is more painful than lower saline. The evidence did not show that one agent was better or worse than any others in terms of efficacy, but there was some data that showed that sclerotic drugs were better than normal (non-sclerotic) fluids. The studies were of poor quality, and the results should be viewed with some care.
We identified seven studies (241 participants) that evaluated the effects of different drugs for the treatment of high blood pressure. The evidence is up- to- date as of February 2015. No study evaluated the effect of drugs on preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as death or cardiac arrhythmias. However, there is evidence that several commonly used drugs, such as salbutamol, insulin-dextrose and bicarbonate, appear to be effective in reducing serum potassium levels. There is limited evidence to support the use of other drugs, like sodium biccarbonate or aminophylline. None of the included studies evaluated the effectiveness of calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment for high blood potassium levels, and further research is needed.
We included 39 studies, involving 4216 participants, in the review. The evidence was current to August 2015. The studies compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. Antimicrobial lock solution probably reduces the incidence of CRI per 1000 catheter-days, but the effect on the risk of thrombosis per 1000 days is uncertain. Antibiotic antimicrobial and combined (antitiotic-non antibiotic) lock solutions decreased the incidence (CRI per 100 catheter days) of Cri when compared to control lock solutions, whereas non- antimicrobial antimicrobial (non-antifungal) lock solution reduced CRI only for tunnelled CVC. The effect on thromboembosis per 100 Cri days is also uncertain for all antimicrobial locking solutions. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were the small sample sizes and the small number of studies. Therefore, we cannot be certain that the results are reliable. More research is needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimicrobial locks.
We identified 15 studies (1098 participants) that compared the effects of pre-emptive treatment with either no pre-treatment, antivirals (antivirals that block the spread of CMV), or a placebo (disease-causing drug) or standard care. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to August 2015. Pre-emptives compared with placebo or standard treatment did not reduce the risk of CMVs in people receiving solid organ transplantation. However, pre-pre-emptivists were less likely to experience leucopenia (inflammation of the mucosa) compared with those receiving antiviral drugs. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on blood sugar control. These studies involved 140 people with type 2 diabetes. The studies lasted from six weeks to five months. All trials were performed by the same trialist. The trials were conducted in the same country and were funded in part by the company that makes the sweet potato. The results of the studies were not consistent. The main results of these studies were that the glycosylated HbA1c (Hb-A) (HBA) was lower in people who had 4 g/d of 4-6-month sweet potato preparation compared to people who received a placebo (a pretend treatment). The studies did not report any serious side effects. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is insufficient evidence about the use of sweet potatoes for type 2 diabetic mellitus. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations - including other varieties of sweet Potato - need to be addressed. Further observational trials and RCTs evaluating the effects on glycaemic control are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice.
We found 19 studies that compared the active cycle of breathing with other treatments, but most of these were cross-over (where people were randomly put in one of two or three groups) and had a short follow-up time. Five studies (192 people) were randomised studies, which means that people with CF were randomly assigned to one of the treatments. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the included studies blinded participants or the personnel applying the treatments to the treatments being tested. However most of the trials reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. Five of the 19 studies, with data from eight different comparisons, found that the active cycles of breathing technique was comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. No significant difference was seen in quality of lives, exercise capacity, lung functions, or oxygen saturation between the active and non-active cycles of exercise therapy. There was no significant difference in lung function and the number of lung exacerbations between the two types of breathing therapy. All other outcomes were either not measured or had insufficient data for analysis. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use of the active Cycle of breathing techniques over any other airway clearance therapy. Longer-term studies are needed to more adequately assess the effects of
The evidence is current to May 2014. We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 733 women undergoing IVF. The evidence is up to date to May 2015. The trials compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the standard insemination protocol. The review found that brief coincubations of sperm or oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing inseminations. The low quality evidence showed that briefco-incubsation was associated with an increased ongoing pregnancy rate compared to the standard protocol. Live birth was not reported in the included studies. For ongoing pregnancy, there were 127 ongoing pregnancies in two trials including 426 women. The trial also showed that there were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials including 372 women. For clinical pregnancy rate, there was a higher clinical pregnancy in the brief coubation protocol than in the standard overnight insement protocol. For the miscarriage rate, six miscarriages were reported in one trial including 167 women. This low quality of evidence suggested no significant difference in the odds of miscarriage between brief co,incubated and standard inSEmination. The overall quality of the evidence was low. The included trials were small and the number of women in the trials was small. More RCTs are required to assess whether brief co co-insectation would contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate compared with the conventional overnight inSEmination protocol.
This review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, found that infants born with poor lung function and who were ventilated with a long (long) IT had a higher risk of air leaks (upwards of 1.5 times more than infants born on a short IT). Longer ITs were also linked to an increase in the risk of death. Long ITs did, however, reduce the risk for BPD.
We found 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The studies were of low methodological quality. There is a large variation in the way the studies were conducted, the health professionals who undertook the intervention, the TFU, the way it was measured, the length of time the TFUs were performed, the frequency, structure, duration, and the way they were measured. Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. The results of the studies varied, and we could only pool the results of a few studies. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. No adverse effects were reported. The low methodological and clinical diversity of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We found 38 relevant trials. The trials were conducted in different countries, countries, and community settings. The interventions evaluated included incentives, communication strategies, new forms of questionnaire format, and case-handling. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. The review found that incentives and offers of monetary incentives increased the number of participants who returned to trial sites for trial follow-up. There was no evidence that the addition of a non-monetary incentive, an offer of a 'enhanced' incentive, or a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. There were few evaluations of ways to improve participants returning to trial-related postal and electronic questionnaire response. Some other strategies evaluated in single trials looked promising but need further evaluation. As our analyses are based on single trials, the effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to trial centres and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further study. Case management and behavioural strategies used for trial retention may also warrant further evaluation, as they may be more effective than other strategies.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants. We found no differences between the devices in relation to the main outcome: the failure to provide adequate airway support. We also found no important difference in the use of an alternate airway, use of a mask, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insuffs, regestion, regurgitation, cough, or excess leak. We are not sure whether the ProSeal laryngeal mask is more effective than the Classic larynx mask for providing airway assistance. We were unable, however, to assess the effect of the device on the risk of death. We did find that the ProLaryngean mask airway makes a better seal than theClassic larynX mask airways, and therefore may be more suitable than the latter. The Classic laryngoscope may be quicker to insert, but this is unlikely to be clinically meaningful. We cannot be sure whether there are any important differences between devices in terms of failure to insert the device, use an alternate device, mucosa injury, bronchingospasm (bronchospasms), sore throat and other symptoms, and excessive leak. None of the studies reported nausea and vomiting as an outcome. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes, mainly because of issues related to blinding and imprecision.
We found 19 randomised controlled studies (studies in children aged between four and 18 years) that compared probiotics with a dummy pill (placebo) for children with RAP. Fifteen of these were not in the review and were not from the same group of children who were included in the last review. The studies were published from 1980 to 2013 and included a total of 1453 children. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen studies recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five studies specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. The children were recruited largely from gastroenterology clinics. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in eight different countries. The majority of the studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The results of the trials were of moderate to low quality. The main results of this review were that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience a reduction in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given a dummy tablet. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we found that children given probiotics did not experience a greater reduction in their pain at the end of the intervention than those children given a fake tablet. We found that probiotics may be effective in improving pain in children with rheumatoid bowel syndrome, but we found no evidence that probiotic interventions are more effective than placebo. We also found that fibre-based interventions were not more effective in reducing pain at three to six months post intervention than children given placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate for pain reduction and moderate for improvement in pain in irritable gut syndrome. We judged the quality of evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to small numbers of children included in these studies. We were unable to combine the results of these studies for the secondary outcomes of school performance,
We found 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of these studies had data that we could use to analyse. The studies were very diverse, statistically, in their populations, media types, and outcomes. Seventeen of the studies had students. Most of the trials were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms, and the studies were at risk of being at least partly biased. Findings from the five trials (1196 people) with a single outcome of bias (a measure of how well the study was run) were mixed, with effects shown a small, medium, or large effect. The results from the three trials with a combined outcome (394 people) that had a single, long, and short-term outcome (a longer-term measure) were similar. The two trials (802 people) which had two outcomes (racially or gender-based) showed no effect. We found 19 trials (n = 3176) with prejudice (three studies) that showed a small to medium effect in decreasing the level (by a mean of 0.25) of bias, and are comparable to the level of prejudice in people with both major mental illness (such a major depression) and major depression. We did find that the studies that had an equal chance of finding a reduction in bias (by chance), but the results were not consistent. We could not find any studies that looked at the cost-effectiveness (how well the studies are run) of mass media programmes. We are not sure how much of a difference there is in costs. We do know from the studies we found that mass media programs may have a small but medium effect, and that they may be effective in reducing the level and frequency (the level) of the people with mental health problems, but we do not know if they are cost-free. We cannot be sure that they are more or less harmful.
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored their views, and 22 studies included the views of both the views, both of both women, and of the healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, in rural, urban, and middle and low-income countries. We found 52 studies that looked at the three thematic domains of the three main areas of the review: the social and cultural context (11 findings, five of five high- or high-confidence), the way in which the care was provided (24 findings, 15 of 15 high- and low) and what it meant to the women (17 of 17 high- confidence). We found that for some women, the value of ANC for their health and well-being is based on their perceptions of the health as a 'good' or 'worried' state, and on their reactions to being in the 'pregnant' state. For women’s perceptions, the values of the care they receive and the way that they are provided, the level of confidence we have in the results of the study is high. For the healthcare provider, the quality of the service is high, and the quality is based upon the kind, caring, and flexible way in to which staff provide the care, and their respect for the woman’'s need for private time, and for the time that staff can take to provide the support, advice, and safety that is relevant to the mother, and her baby. For health providers, good- quality, safe, and personal care is needed. This is a matter of chance. The quality of care is based in part on the woman's perception of the value, and in part of a social andcultural context. The level of the evidence is based mainly on the way we found the studies, and we are confident that the results are valid. We are not
This review of trials found that calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome, and the risk for secondary ischia, in people with SAH. Calcium antagonists also reduce the number of people who die. The results for 'poor outcome', which is a measure of the risk, are not beyond all doubt. The review found no clear evidence that intravenous calcium antagonists are better than oral nimodipine. Magnesium sulphate, a drug that is used to treat aneurysm rupture, is a promising agent, but more studies are needed.
We found three randomised controlled studies (RCTs) including 739 children. The age of the children in the studies ranged from one year to 18 months. The studies were all conducted in the USA. The evidence is current to September 2014. The three studies were conducted in a number of different countries. The results of the studies were not consistent. The review found that myeloablative therapy seems to be effective in terms of event-free survival. However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses, the difference in event- free survival was no longer statistically significant. The overall survival was not significantly different between the treatment groups. The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death did not show any significant statistical differences between the two treatment groups, but the difference was not statistically significant when additional data were added to the analyses. The quality of the evidence was low. The included studies had some methodological limitations. The authors of this review concluded that myeloblastoma is a rare and rare disease, and that myelinablative treatment is a promising treatment option for this disease. However the results of this systematic review only allow a conclusion on the concept of myeloablastoma, and no conclusions can be made regarding the best treatment strategy. No definitive conclusions can also be made on adverse effects and quality of life, although possible higher levels of adverse effects should be kept in mind.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants). The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatic carcinoma (stage II or IV) ranged from 22%, 22%, to 85%. The average duration of the trials was 12 months. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause, and the risk for tumour response (complete response plus partial response) from 50% to 70%. We are uncertain about the effect of TACE on health-related quality of life, as the data were not clearly defined. None of the included trials reported serious adverse events. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE compared with 3-dCRT showed no difference in the results for proportion of participants with leukopenia (low-certainty evidence) and serum transaminases elevation (very low-certainies). However, the proportion with total bilirubin elevation was larger in the TACE group than in the 3-dermalocomponent group (very-low-quality evidence). The rate of participants without decline or normalisation of the tumour was significantly lower in the group receiving TACE after 3-degradation compared with the T-dermofiltration group (low certainty evidence). We are very uncertain about these results because the quality of the evidence was very low. We are also very uncertain because the results were not well defined. We rated the certainty of the available evidence as low to very low, because of the methodological weaknesses of the studies. We need more high-quality trials to assess further the role of Tace followed by three-darraconcorticlovir for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma.
No trials were found that directly compared increased versus standard intake. However, two excluded studies provided some insights on this topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who received a diet rich in protein, minerals, and vitamins (e.g. minerals and vitamins) had improved growth and development up until the end at three months. The other study compared different levels of energy in the same infant, but with a slightly lower feed volume, and found no difference in growth, breathing problems, oedmaema and diuretics. The review authors did not find any trials that directly examined the effects of increasing or decreasing the amount of energy intake for pre term infants.
We found 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) that compared two-dimensional Doppler ultrasound with an ultrasound-guided catheters. Most of the studies were small, and the studies had some design flaws. For the subclavian vein, the results of nine studies (3030 participants) showed that two- dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of accidental puncture (three trials, 498 participants) and the risk that the catheter would become stuck (three studies, 496 participants) compared with an anatomical landmark technique (four studies, 311 participants). No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications (three small studies, 224 participants) or in the number of attempts until success (US) or first-time (US), success rates or time taken to insert the catheter (US). For the femoral vein, results of four studies (311 participants) show that success on the first attempt was more likely with ultrasound (three large studies, 223 participants) than with an landmark technique. No data on mortality or participant-reported outcomes were provided. The results for Dopple ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavians vein N = 3) or low ( femoral veins N = 4, femoral venous N = 2) for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for two outcomes (sub clavian and femoral artery N = 1). Most of these studies had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant.
This review of 15 studies found that there were no usable results from the studies of the intravenous form. The best dose of physstagmine was effective in improving the ADS test score, but the results of the control-stage trials were not usable. The control-phase trial of the controlled-release form of the drug did not show any benefit. The fixed-dosing form (mean 33 mg/dosing) was effective for improving the symptoms of ADS, and the lower-ddose form (5.7mg/ddose), but the lower dose (delving 5.7 mg/day) was associated with gastrointestinal complaints. The higher dose (mean 12 mg/daily) was also associated with more adverse events, but with no benefit on cognition. The evidence of effectiveness of physostigmine for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's disease is limited.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of heart disease, two trials recruited people with a recent stroke, and one trial included people with both heart and stroke. We found that fibrate drugs were effective in preventing non-fate stroke, non-life-changing heart attack, and death from any cause. The effect of fibrates was similar to that of a dummy drug (dilute) in the prevention of heart attack. The effects of fibrates on death from all cause, death from blood vessels, and stroke were not different. The risk of death from a heart or blood vessel was not increased. The number of people who developed a heart rhythm disturbance (clofibrate) was similar in the fibratric and fibrine class. The evidence is up- to- date to January 2018. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main limitation of the review was that the number of trials was small and the number and type of participants varied between trials. The review authors recommend that further trials of the use of fusions of fiber-type drugs in populations with previous stroke and also against a background treatment with statins (standard of care) are required.
This review of trials found that giving TA to women at low risk of bleeding (3285 women) after CS (9 trials, 2453 women) or after vaginal birth (three trials, 832 women) decreases blood loss and prevents PPH. The risk of PPH was lower in the group of women who had CS. The effect of TA on blood loss was more pronounced in the women who were having a vaginal birth. The number of blood transfusions and other medical treatments were less in the TA group. Mild side-effects such as mild dizzy spells, dizzyness, and dizzy breath were more common in the groups of TA women. The evidence is up- to- date as at June 2014. The quality of the evidence was moderate for blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL in women who received TA versus placebo or no intervention. The overall quality of evidence was also moderate for the number of women with PPH and blood transfusion. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of women.
We identified 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly). The studies compared amantadine and rimamantine with placebo, paracetamol or zan amantiviral (two studies, 545 elderly). We found no studies on the effects of amantadenine in the older. The studies were of low to very low quality. The results of the trials did not show that amantenadine or rimantadines are effective in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of influenza A in children and the elderly. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with amantanadine. The quality of the evidence combined with a lack of knowledge about the safety of amamantadaine and the limited benefits of rimantadrine do not indicate that amamandadine compared to placebo or paracetaminophen could be useful in preventing or treating influenza A.
We included nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 1512 women. Most studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies women were undergoing IUC and in two were trying to conceive from sex. Eight trials compared endometrium-stimulating hormone treatment with no treatment or a fake treatment. One trial also looked at the effect of endometriectomy. We are unsure of the effect on live births/ongoing pregnancies as we are very low- or low- quality data. We found that women who had endometria-stimulant treatment had a higher rate (98%) of live births and clinical pregnancy (low quality evidence). The average pain experienced by women undergoing endometrial injury was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS) (a visual analogue score scale that rates the amount of pain a person has when using a camera to measure pain). However, only one study reported this outcome. When we compared hysteroscopy with endometric injury to hysteroscopically examining the uterus, there was no evidence of a difference in ongoing pregnancy rate or clinical pregnancy rate. This study did not report the primary outcome of pain during the procedure. When endometral injury was performed in the cycle prior to IUI compared to the same cycle as the IUI, there were no evidence that there was a difference between the two groups of women. Neither of these studies reported the primary outcomes of pain. In all three comparisons there was not evidence of an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the procedure, and no studies reported on pain during or after the procedure for women undergoing IUI. We graded the quality of the evidence as either low or very low. The main reasons for this were that most included studies were at a high risk of bias and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of
We included four studies (3905 participants) in this review. The studies all compared professional oral care versus no oral care. The evidence is current to August 2018. We were unable to determine whether professional oral services resulted in a lower incidence of pneumonia in nursing homes. We also were unable or not to determine if professional oral service resulted in fewer first episodes of pneumonia. We found low-quality evidence that professional oral treatment may reduce the risk of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with usual oral care over a 24-month period. We did not find any evidence that the risk was reduced by professional oral surgery. We are uncertain whether or not professional oral therapy reduces the risk for all causes of death. Only one study (834 participants randomised) measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral treatment. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all outcomes. We could not combine the results from one study due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We rated the quality as low for pneumonia-related deaths and very low for the risk or no pneumonia-specific deaths. We assessed the quality for all other outcomes as low. We concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Further trials are needed to draw reliable conclusions.
This review included five studies with a total of 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budsonide (9 mg/day) versus a dummy drug (fake drug), mesalazine (2.4 g) plus cholestamine (2 mg) versus mesalamide plus choline, beclometasone (5 mg/daily) or 10 mg/d) versus beclomezine (10 mg/dal) and beclomiphene dipropionate (2 g/day or 2.4 mg/dale) versus placebo. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding. The study which compared bismUTH subsalicityylate with placebo was judged to have a very small sample size and limited data. The other 3 studies were assessed to be of low quality due to a very low sample size. Budesonide (nine mg/year for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. Bismuth (9mg/day for 6 or 8 weeks), budesonide (2 doses) and mesalidine (2 dosages per day) were found to have similar efficacy for induction and maintenance of clinical response. Bagesonide was also superior to placebo for histological responses. Bizuth subsalsalicyleate (5 doses per day or 10 dosages/day versus placebo) was not superior to bismutase (5 dosages or 10 doses/day). There were no differences in clinical or histological outcomes between bismuther and placebo. Forty-six patients were enrolled in the study studying beclometricasone dipropate (10 dosages of 5 mg/dose or 10 dose/day compared with mesalane (2 dose/dal). There
We found 12 randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effects of self-monitoring for blood glucose in people with type 2 diabetes. The trials were randomised, which means that people were randomly assigned to one of two or three groups. Nine trials (2324 patients) compared SMBG with usual care, one trial (1916 patients) tested SMBG in people without diabetes, one study (1874 patients) investigated SMBG for people with diabetes who were using insulin, and one trial compared SMUG with usual practice. The studies lasted from 6 months to 12 months. The results of the trials showed that self-watchful monitoring of blood glucose can be beneficial up to six months after initiation of the intervention, but the effect of self monitoring on glycaemic control is small up to one year after initiation and subsides after 12 months of follow-up. There was no evidence that self monitoring affects patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. From this review, we conclude that when diabetes duration is over one year, the overall effect of the self-smartwatch of blood sugar in people who are not using insulin is small. Furthermore, based on a best-evidence synthesis, there is no evidence to support the use of self monitor for diabetes control in people not using diabetes medication. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of selfmonitoring and its impact on diabetes specific quality of lives and well- being, as well as the impact of SMBG on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychotic treatments for people with AsPD. Eleven studies were included, but only five of these were of high quality. The studies were of poor quality, and the results were not conclusive. The review found that there were no clear benefits of any of the interventions studied. However, three of the studies showed that three interventions (cognition, coping skills, and cognitive behaviour treatment) were more effective than the control group. The results were also consistent with the fact that three studies showed that the intervention was better than the group of people who were not receiving the treatment. The evidence for the other outcomes was not as strong. The main limitations of the review were that the studies were small, and there were few studies that reported the same outcome for all the outcomes. The authors of the study on 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated program', a program that aims to improve the behaviour of drink drivers, found that it was better in terms  of social function and drug use. The study on ‘Driving While Intoxication’, which was based on motivational interviewing principles, found it was superior to the group that was not receiving motivational interviewing. The findings of this review are not conclusive and further research is urgently needed.
This review included 11 studies with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed data on the common cold. Five studies contributed to data on purulent rhinusitis. One study reported only data on adverse events. There was no evidence of benefit from the use of antibiotics for the common cough in children or adults. There is also no clear evidence that there is any benefit from using antibiotics for persistency of the cough. There were more side-effects with the use in adults when given for the cough than with the common cure. There are no studies that have been done on the use or adverse effects in the common throat.
We included five trials (162 participants) in this review. Three trials were conducted at a hospital dermatology department. One trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The trials were of very low-quality. We found only five trials that compared different antibiotics (pencillin, erythromycin, rifampicin, rituximab, and rifamab) with no treatment. The studies were conducted in a hospital. The average age of participants ranged from 12 to 77 years. The duration of treatment ranged from six weeks to 24 months. The mean PASI score at baseline ranged from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23 (ii. e. severe) in four studies. Twenty-three of 162 participants had streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. The other participants had a different type of streptitis. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not find any trials that assessed the effects of antibiotics for Guttate psoriasis. One three-armed trial (N = 43) assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erytheromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week follow-up from start of treatment). The studies did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. None of the trials measured our primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-ups. We are uncertain of both the efficacy and safety of both antibiotics. One study (N=20) assessed rifampsicin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14-day treatment duration; six-weeks follow- up from start). None of our primary outcomes were measured. The proportion of participants achieving clear or almost clear skin was
We found 12 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested vitamin₂. Vitamin D⁃ had no effect on the risk of relapse, worsening of disease, and MRI lesion. The evidence is current to September 2016. VitaminD�o did not increase the risk for serious side effects or fatigue. Vitamin A was found to be safe, although available data are limited. Vitamin C was not shown to be helpful. Vitamin B may be helpful for people with MS, but the evidence is of very low quality. Vitamin K was not found to have any effect on symptoms of MS. Vitamin F was not tested in any of the included trials. Vitamin E was not used in any trial. Vitamin M was not studied in any trials. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included trials did not report on the time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, percentage of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. Vitamin L was not investigated in any included trials, and the evidence on vitamin D was of very very low or low quality, meaning that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 62 studies in this review, with 4241 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New York, and the Netherlands. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that morphine is an effective pain medicine for cancer pain. The effectiveness of morphine has stood the test of time, but the evidence is of poor quality. Most studies were small and of poor methodological quality. The results of the review show that morphine has much the same efficacy as other available opioids. The quality of the evidence was generally poor. The trials were old, often small, and were mostly carried out for registration purposes. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution because of the wide range of different types of morphine used in the studies, and because the methods of randomisation and allocation concealment were poorly reported. The main outcomes for this review were participant-reported pain and pain relief. The effects of morphine were similar to those of morphine immediate release (MIR) and morphine by a different route of administration. The effect of morphine on pain was similar to that of morphine by mouth (Mm/r) and by a similar amount of morphine (Mirubicin). The effect on pain relief was similar for Mm/R and MIR. The most common side effects were nausea, vomiting, and constipation. The side effects of oral morphine were common, predictable and approximately 6% of participants discontinued treatment with morphine because of intolerable side effects. The use of morphine for cancer patients is not recommended.
We included 14 trials, with 1260 participants, with a total of 1361 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of people in the studies were women (around 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies compared different types of surgery, including open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery versus open surgery (five studies); open surgery plus steroid injection versus steroid injection (one study); percervical surgery plus steroids versus open surgical treatment (five trials); endoscopic surgery versus an open operation (one trial); and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether open surgery improves the resolution of trigger finger symptoms compared with steroid injection. We found that people who had open surgery had less recurrence of symptoms and had better function at six months compared with people who received steroid injection, but the evidence was of low quality. We also found that 49% more people had pain with open surgery compared with those who had steroid injection at one week. We were uncertain whether people who underwent open surgery were more likely to have a recurrence or worse symptoms. We did not find any evidence that people had more side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most outcomes. The main reasons for this were the small number of studies and participants, the small numbers of participants and the small sample sizes.
This review of three randomised trials, with 931 participants, found that early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to be an effective neoadjvant treatment for people with AO or AOM. However, PCV is toxic to the blood, and should be used with care. The use, however, is not yet clear in terms of its effect on survival. The authors of the review found that the use, in some people, of markers (e.g. codeletions of complete chromosome arms (1p and 19q) and IDH mutations (IDH-2) may be independent prognostic factors for OS. However the authors of one trial found that PCV was not effective in terms or side-effects.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to severe OA. All studies were performed at specialised sleep medicine clinics in tertiary care centres. Follow-up periods ranged from three weeks to four months. Three studies compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two studies compared oral montelukast against placebo. We excluded one study from the meta-analysis because the patients were not randomised to receive either treatment. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (a measure of oxygenation) between children receiving intrana-respiratory steroids compared to placebo. In contrast, children receiving oral montleukast had a lower AHI compared to those in the placebo group. We also had concerns about selective reporting in another study. We were uncertain about whether the difference between children given intrananasal corticosteroids and placebo was important for the following outcomes: desaturation index (a measurement of oxygen saturation), respiratory arousal index (which measures the amount of oxygen in the blood), and nadir oxygen saturation (a test of oxygen levels in the airway). We are also uncertain about how the effect of monteluxast compares to placebo on the following two outcomes: respiratory arousal and desaturation. We found that monteluzast has short-term beneficial treatment effects for OSA in otherwise healthy, non-obese, surgically untreated children (moderate certainty for primary outcome and moderate and high certainty, respectively, for two secondary outcomes). In addition, montelucast was well tolerated in the children studied. Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly distributed between study groups. No study examined the avoidance of surgical treatment for OA as an outcome. There is currently no evidence for the use of intrannasal cortics for the treatment of OSA. There are currently no studies on the use
We included six studies in this review. Five studies investigated the prevention of VTE in children with CVCs. Three studies investigated interventions that were given to children with blood clots (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), antithrombocyte (AT), warfarin (31) and fresh frozen (FFP), and one study evaluated a systemic treatment (low-dose (low) warfarine). The other three studies evaluated the addition (or addition) of antithronbin (AT) to LMWH. We found no evidence that any of the treatments reduced VTE, but we found that the addition of LMWH to AT resulted in a reduction in VTE. We did not find any evidence that the treatment prevented VTE or reduced the number of children with VTE (or both). We found that there was no difference in the number or occurrence (or occurrence) of adverse events (such as major and/or minor blood clotting, hepaticide, heparins, or PTS). We are not sure if the treatment is safe or not. We are uncertain about the effects of the treatment on VTE and bleeding. We do not have enough data to be sure that the use of anticholinergic drugs is safe. We need well-conducted studies that are of good quality. We also need well conducted studies that have a large enough sample size to be of use.
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants. The first trial of a total number of 98 patients showed that CSFD reduced the risk of postoperative brain damage in 14 of 98 (30%) patients, and 17 (32%) patients (17%) in the control group. The second trial of 33 patients showed a reduction in the rate of postoperatively-related brain damage (postoperative neurological deficit) in two of 82 patients (2.7%) receiving CSFD and one of 74 patients (12.2%) receiving a combination of CSFD with intrathecal papaverine. The third trial of 145 patients showed an 80% reduction in postoperative neurological deficits in one patient (145) receiving CSFSD and one patient receiving a CSFD-only trial. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in nine of 74 participants (12%) in both the CSFD group and the CSFSF group. There were no significant differences in the number of patients with spinal cord injury. The CSFD did not have a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. There are limited data supporting the role of CSFSd in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled studies, with a total of 662 people. We included studies that compared the use of NB-UAB with either oral PUVA or topical PUVA for the treatment of people with CPP or GP. We found that the clearance rate between oral PUV and NB-UVB was inconsistent among the included studies. The evidence regarding the comparison of NBUAB versus bath PUVA in terms of clearance rate for CPP was also inconsistent. In one study, the difference in PASI 75 was not statistically significant. In three other studies, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one study there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, the clearances were statistically significantly in favour of oral PUVI. In the third study, there was a statistically significant difference between oral and topical PUVI for the clearance of CPP. In two studies, there were no significant differences between NB- UVB treated sides and topical UVVA treated sides in terms the clearance. In people with PPP, one study found there were not significant differences in the clearance between NBUBA and topical PVVA for treating the CPP area and severity of the CP. In other studies there was not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the long-term safety of NBUVB. In conclusion, NB-VUBB is not considered effective for the management of CP in clinical practice. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the following reasons: 1. NB-UCAB is not widely used in clinical trials, and 2. NBUVAB is ineffective for the CPL. 3. NBUB is no more effective than conventional BB-UVBA for the prevention of CPLP. 4. NBUCAB may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. 5. NBUB may be less convenient than conventional PUVA. 6. NB UAB may not
This review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to be sure that these treatments are helpful. There was some evidence that bio feedback and electrical stimulators (which involve electrical nerve stimulants) may be more helpful than electrical stimulants. There is not much evidence as to which method of bio feed back is best. There were no clear benefits of sphincter exercise. There are some reports that rectal volume discrimination (rectal volume training) may help people to keep their bowels open and clear. There may be some evidence to suggest that spharns may be better than sham training. There seems to be no evidence as yet to support the use of sphanergics. The limited number of trials and the weaknesses of the trials do not allow a definite assessment of the role of sphinergics and bio feed backs.
This review looked at the benefits of using a catheter for catheter placement in people with ureteric or percutaneous ureters. The review found 39 trials, but most were small, of poor or very low quality, and of poor reporting. The trials were too small to be of high quality. The results of the trials were not consistent. The data from five of the studies were not of high enough standard to be sure that a catheters were more likely to be used if not used postoperally. The studies did not show that a longer cathets were more effective in preventing infection. In six of the nine trials, a greater number of people had to be recathect (re)cathters removed if a urete was not used after catheter placement. In 11 of the 39 trials with data, the seven trials with results showed that a short cathete was used for less time (1 to 3 days) and a shorter catheter was used (1.5 days) after catheter insertion. The remaining trials did not provide enough data to show whether a catherte was more effective than a longer one. In one trial, the clamp-and-release policy was associated with a greater risk of urinary tract infections and a delay in return to normal voiding. The evidence was of low quality.
This review included ten studies with a total of 3340 participants. Seven studies compared the effectiveness of aripiprazole to a placebo (disease-modifying medicine), and three studies used aripipsole in combination (placebo). Two of these studies used other drugs (lithic and haloperidol), and one study used ariplify (an anticholinergic drug). The evidence was up- to- date as of March 2014. The review found that aripidine was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks. Aripipidine caused more movement disorders than placebo, but no difference was noted between aripine and lithium or haloperidine at three weeks or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks. Compared with placebo, aripiperazole caused more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders), and caused more children/adsolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. The evidence for the effectiveness and safety of arippidine for mania was of moderate quality. The quality of the evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the overall risk of bias was unclear.
We found three studies that evaluated the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments on CVC-related infections. Two studies evaluated urekinase lock treatment with conchitant systemic antibiotics (n = 56) and one study compared ureke lock with concomitant systemic antibiotics and one trial compared urea-lock with concompitant antibiotics and a combination of systemic and oral antibiotics. No studies evaluated the use of ethanol lock or urekine lock in addition to the use systemic antibiotics. We found no evidence of any difference in the number of CVCs that were cured, the number or number of recurrent CVC infections, the time to the first negative CVC test, the CVC that was removed, or the need for an ICU stay. No adverse events were found. The cohort studies found no side-effects. Some studies found CVC malfunctions. We did not find any studies that compared the use or use of urekel lock with antibiotics in addition. The studies were of poor quality. We could not determine if the use and use of antibiotic-based CVC lock treatments is effective in the treatment of CV-related CVC infection. We also found that the studies had some limitations. We were not able, therefore, to draw any firm conclusions on the use, use or failure of antibiotic lock treatments. We recommend that more well-conduct and well-reported studies be done to explore the use (or use) of antibiotic, or other CVC, or ethanol or urea lock treatments in the CV in the prevention of CVD infection.
This review identified 15 studies that compared interventions to improve the symptoms of whiplash. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality (one trial, 348 people) that an advice video of advice to activate, which aims to help people to become more active, is more effective than no treatment for acute pain. There is low- to very- low- quality (nine trials) that a whiplASH pamphlet on how-treat-whiplash-related-worries can be helpful, but there is no evidence of any benefit or harm. Self-care: There was no clear evidence that self-care strategies, such as advice on stress & stress-cope skills, or advice on ergonomics, are helpful. Self care strategies, for example, may be harmful. Selfcare may be ineffective for acute to long-term neck pain. The quality of the studies was low to very low.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of interventions to inform people at CJD or vCJD risk of receiving a CJD-specific health care, or to support them afterwards. No studies were found that met the inclusion criteria for this Cochrane review. In the thematic synthes, 49 studies and pieces of the wider literature, which were from the same literature, were included. The thematic synthesis suggests that ideally, the thematriptychic approach to communication should be a multi-faceted, multidirectional, and multidonal approach, which aims to ensure that people at risk of CJD and vCJD are not only not only informed, but that they are also supported in their care. The the thematics of the thematin could be used to guide policy-making and practice.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304) that compared opioids (prolong-release oxycidone/nalociclovine) with a dummy (placeb) (fake) pill. The drug group had a higher rate of drug-reacting (remitting), but the dummy pill group had fewer drug-resurrecting patients. The trial was funded by the manufacturer. The study was funded in part by the drug manufacturer. Opioids were well-taken by the patients. We found that RLS was better in the drug group. The number of remitters (patients with RLS) was greater in the group of people who took the drug. The quality of life scores of the patients also improved. The patients' sleep was better with the drug than with the dummy drug. There was no clear difference in the number of people with RSL who had problems staying awake at the end of the night, or who had difficulty falling asleep during the day. The major side effects of opioids were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. The evidence is current to January 2014.
This review of trials found that external fixation reduces redisplacement, gives better results for the fracture, and prevents late collapse. There was not enough evidence, from trials, to be sure that the results were better than those of the plaster cast group. The use of the external fixings was also linked to a high risk of some surgical problems, such as pin- track infection. There were no major problems with the use of these devices.
We found five studies (1127 patients) that compared the incidence of UTI in people who had a kidney stent versus those that had a stent that was not. The studies were of low or unclear quality. The evidence was current to May 2014. The review found that early removal of the stent may reduce the incidence and incidence of urinary tract infections (UTI) in people with kidney transplantation. However, it is uncertain whether early removal improves the incidence. The incidence of MUC was uncertain. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of participants and the fact that the studies did not use a randomised design.
We found five studies that compared crowns with fillings. Four studies compared crowning with fillens; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with fillents. One study compared PMC fitted using a different method (the Hall Technique) with non-restorative caries treatment. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted using the technique) versus non-stainless steel crowns (stained steel with white veneers). In the two studies using crowns fitted using conventional method, all teeth had undergone pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. The final study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crown (staining of white venes). There was no evidence that compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk of major failure was lower in the crowns group in the long term compared to fillings, and there was moderate-quality evidence that pain was lower for the crown group compared to the fillings group. There is moderate- quality evidence to suggest that crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk for major failure or pain in the longer term compared with fillments. There were no reports of major major failure and pain in either group. One small study reported outcomes in the same way as the other studies, and found no major failure in either treatment. There are no reports on gingival bleeding. It is uncertain whether there is a clinically important
We found 28 studies involving 788 people with cystic fibrosis. Most studies were of variable quality. The studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage, autogenetics, autogenesis, inhaled airway drainage, high-fibre chest wall oscillation, BiPaP, BiPAP and exercise. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. These studies compared the PP technique to ACB, autogens, biPaP and exercise, and to other methods of airway clearance. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that PEP was more effective than other methods in reducing the number of lung attacks (forced expiratory volume in one second) and the number (forced exhaled airways) in people with CF. However, the results were not consistent across studies. There was no difference in the number or severity of the lung attacks between PEP and other methods. There were no differences in the rate of side effects between PPEP and HFCWO. In one study, people using PEP with a mouthphone reported that they preferred to use it over other methods, and in all studies with an intervention period of at least one month, this was in favour of PEP. The quality of the evidence was variable. Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomisation sequence was either generated or concealed. Most of the included studies reported the number and duration of dropouts from the studies. Most included studies also reported on all planned outcome measures. The results for the remaining outcome measures (including our third primary outcome of mucus clearance) were not examined or reported in sufficient detail to provide any high-quality evidence; only very low- to moderate-quality information was available for other outcomes. The
We included four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. All studies included participants who had Crohn disease and were treated with CZP. Most participants had Crohns disease and most were adults over 18 years of age. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The CZPs were given 100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks for 2 to 8 weeks. The evidence is current to August 2015. The results of the studies showed that CZp is superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission and clinical response at week 8. The numbers of participants achieving clinical response were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the CZB and the placebo groups, respectively. In addition, the numbers of people achieving clinical resolution at week eight were 40.2% (336/8 35) and 30.9%, respectively. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73/836) and 6.2%, respectively in the participants receiving CZ p and placebo. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn’s disease, infections, and malignancy. The quality of the evidence was moderate for achieving remission and achieving clinical cure and clinical resolution. The certainty of the available evidence was downgraded due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of events. The overall quality of evidence was low for achieving cure and achieving remission. The main limitations of the included studies were the small sample sizes and the fact that the studies were not of high quality.
We included 112 studies in our review. Of these, 15 studies were of adults with CKD; 16 were conducted in the general population but provided data for people with CKCKD; and 81 studies were on people with heart failure, but did not include data for those with CK. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that the effects of drugs for heart failure in people with chronic heart failure are uncertain and there is insufficient evidence to inform clinical practice. In acute heart failure the effects on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension, or quality of life were uncertain. In chronic heart fail, the effects were uncertain for angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi) or angiotenin receptor blockers (ARB), aldosterone antagonists, and vasopressin receptor antagonists. Treatment with beta-blockers may reduce the risk of death (any cause) for heart fail. Treatment was not reported for the CKD subgroup. The effects of ACEi or ARB, or ald testosterone antagonists on worsening heart function, hypotention, or the quality oflife were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. Treatment of patients with heart fail with beta blockers may decrease hospitalisation for heart disease. Treatment may increase the risk for hyperkaloemia. We were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors affects the risk or the risk on hyperkalanemia, as there were few studies and meta-analysis was not possible. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The quality of the studies was variable. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was frequently high or unclear.
This review found three studies involving 1945 women. The studies were of moderate quality and included a total of 1945 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Canada. The women were followed up for between one and three weeks. The evidence is current to January 2014. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The risk of instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not significantly different between groups. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies, but there was no statistically significant difference between groups, and there was insufficient evidence to recommend one form of tocodynamic monitoring over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour.
We included two studies involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. The studies were conducted in the USA and were conducted between 1980 and 2012. Both studies were funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and involved people with chronic leg pain. The two studies were of low methodological quality and were of short duration. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline, half venous refilling time and total venous filling time were observed in the group of participants who exercised compared with the control group. One of the studies reported no differences between the two groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. Although muscle strength assessed by dynamometry at slow speed did not differ between the groups in this study, variable peak torque at fast speed was lower in the control groups than in the exercised group. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to chronic venus venous venous pain and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included studies. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with CVI. Future research into the effect of physical activity should consider types of exercise protocols (intensity, frequency and time), sample size and blinding and homogeneity according to severity of disease.
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosupplements, which are applied to the skin, are an effective treatment for knee OA. The review found that the HA class is comparable in efficacy to other forms (e. g. nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NIAs), exercise, non-saline drugs, arthroscopy, and steroids) and that HA viscosupressure is more effective than intra-artic steroid (intra-articular) corticostimulants (intrinsic) for some of the outcomes. The HA class of viscosupsules had more long-term effects than IA corticrostoids. The results of this review suggest that HA is an effective class of products for the treatment of knee OAs. The quality of the trials was moderate to high. The trials were of good quality. The evidence is up to date to September 2013.
We included 10 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 4796 women in this review. Four trials (1881 women) compared misoprostol with placebo (a pretend drug) given in addition to conventional uterotonics. The other two trials (1787 women) looked at the effect of misopostol given after uterotonic treatment. The review found that misopropol given in combination with uterotonical treatment did not provide any additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal illness, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy. Misoprostole was associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. Two trials (1687 women), which were too small to be meaningful in terms of comparing the effects of misuprostol versus oxytocin, compared 800 mcg sublingual misopotropol versus 800 mcG sublingually administered oxytocins as primary PPH treatment. One trial included women who had received uterotonically treated uterotonicy, and the other did not. The use of misioprostol was associated more with vomiting and shaking than with oxytocic infusion. The role of tranexamic acid and compression methods in the treatment of PPH requires further evaluation. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PH unresponsive to uterotonicity and/or haemostatics. The evidence is current to August 2015.
This review of trials found that routine short-term cysteine chloride supplementation of PN in pre term infants improves the amount of nutrients in the blood. However, there is not enough evidence to assess the risks of cystein-containing PN.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only people with non-cancerous steatosis (NASH). Five trials included people with NAFLD, 14 trials only people who had not been treated for NAFLd, and 14 trials did not provide any information for people with cancer. The trials were of low to very low quality. We found no evidence of difference in the risk of death, the number of people with a side-effect, or the risk or side-side-effects of any of the drugs used. There was no evidence that the drugs were better than no treatment for the following main outcome: death, side- effects, and health- related (health) status. None of the trials reported health-based quality-of life. Thiazoleic acid (Bile acids), thiazolemic acid (Thiazole), thiosulpside, thiazolide, and thiosuride (Thia) were not more or less well-treatments than no treatments. None were more or worse than no intervention. There were no serious side effects in either group. None had a side effect. The source of the drug was not provided. The evidence is up-to- date as of January 2018. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main limitations of the review were the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of the treatments for NAHLD including those with steatohepatitis. Further well-designed randomised trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary.
We included 15 studies in this review. We found that the accuracy of CSF testing of t-tau, p-t Tau or p- tau/ABeta ratio was better than the sensitivity of the CSF tau test, but the studies we found were small, and the results were not consistent. We did not find any studies that looked at the accuracy for CSF tests of CSFs for ‘disease of the mind’. We were not able, however, to assess the effect of CSFS on the risk that people with MCI would be wrongly classified as dementia. We are unsure whether CSF test of t - t Tau, p - tau or p - T Tau/abeta is useful in the detection of dementia. The studies we have looked at have been of poor quality. We do, however not think that CSFs are more accurate than other tests for dementia, but they are more precise than the CSFs. We think CSFs may be more accurate for ’diseases of mind,’ but we do not know if this is true. We also do not think CSFS are more useful for “diseas of mind” than ‘the other forms’, but we are not sure if they would be more useful if we did find them. We need more research to be sure that CSF is accurate for the detection or not for the treatment and prevention of dementia, so we can be more certain that it is not misdiagnosed.
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing robotic assisted laparoscopy. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for the AEDs (a type of physical assessment of a person's physical condition). We found one ongoing trial. We found that propofol reduced postoperative pain (pain at one to six hours) and postoperatively-related nausea (nausea, nausea, and/or vomiting) in the short term (one to three hours after surgery) compared with inhalational anaesthesia (sevoflurane, desflurane). We also found evidence that prop ofol may reduce intraocular pressure (pressure in the eye) after pneumoperitoneum and steep Trendelenburg positioning compared with sevofrane. However, it is unclear whether this translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostatectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
We included 14 studies in this review, with 1,601,515 women. The evidence is current to September 2016. Most studies found no evidence that maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency had any effect on pregnancy outcomes. The review authors found no clear evidence that the use of topical cortics of any potency had any impact on the outcomes of the baby. The studies included in this update were of low quality. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of low birth weight in women who received potent to very potent topical cortes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We found no association between maternal use of corticostoids of topical potency and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including the number of babies that died during or immediately after birth, the number that died before birth, or the number who died during pregnancy. The overall quality of evidence was very low. The authors of this review found no strong evidence that topical cortisone use had any influence on the number or severity of adverse pregnancy outcome. The findings of this update are consistent with the previous version of this study.
We found four randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that compared the treatment of keratitis with corticostimulants (topical corticoids) or no treatment. The total number of included patients was 611 (612) eyes. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada (three), and South Africa. The largest trial was the Steroids for the Cure of Cancer trial, which included 611 eyes. All four RCTs were of good quality. The studies compared the use of corticosteroids with no treatment, and all four studies had follow-up times of two months to one year. The review found that there was no evidence that the use or lack of use of steroids had an effect on the time to re-epithelize (the time to the formation of new corneas). The largest RCT, the Steroid for the cure of corneal ulcers trial, did not find that the corticestimol had an impact on the re-enithelizing time. The trial did, on the other hand, find that more patients in the corticeptic group developed an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP) (pressure in the eye). One trial reported quality of life and concluded that there were no differences between the two groups. We did not have any information on economic outcomes. The four trials were generally of good methodological design, but all trials had considerable losses to follow- up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four trials had small numbers of participants and were too small to detect treatment effect differences between groups. The evidence is current to July 2014.
We included four trials with 450 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous vascular interventions for ischaemic stroke. The other trial compared percutaneously administered intravenous therapy with intravenous treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The results of the trials were not consistent. The quality of evidence was low. The number of participants who died at the end of follow-up was not significantly different between the two groups. There was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic bleeding in the brain between the intervention and control groups. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials that percutoscopic vascular interventions are superior to intravenous blood clotting therapy in terms of functional outcome. The included trials were small and of low quality. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We included one study, involving 120 families and 143 children. The study was conducted in the UK, and the children were aged between one and five years old. The children were divided into two groups: one group received care at home, and one group was given day care services in a specialised day care centre. The other group received day care in a normal day care setting. The trial was funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and the other by the Health Research Council of Canada. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found no evidence that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or psycho-development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that centre care improved or worsen employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment or maternal hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The evidence was of very low quality. The main limitations of the evidence were the small number of children included in the study, the small numbers of children in the control group and the fact that the intervention was not supervised. The quality of the included trial was very low.
This review identified 126 reports describing the results of 30 scoring indices. Eleven of the 30 scoring index have undergone validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index, the most recently fully-validated, have been the most well-known histologic scorers. The other nine scoring indices have been tested but have not been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is needed. The optimal index would need to be fully validated before it can be used.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated the use of nailing or plating for these types of fractures. The trials involved 173 adults with tibial tibia metaphysseal fractures. All of these people were male. The average age of the people in the trials was 41 to 44. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada and Australia. The evidence is current to September 2014. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at high-risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the results. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain between the two groups. The results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing, but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operation after nailing. Similarly pooled data (172 participants, three trials) showed no difference in the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union between the groups. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed that there was no difference between the pain between nailing and plating, but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included the possible benefit of a benefit after plation. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use or the best surgical intervention for distal tibioleiomyseal fracture in adults. The addition of evidence from two ongoing trials of nails versus pl
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. The evidence is current to August 2016. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people; moderate-quality evidence), for major vascular event 0.90 (95%, CI 0.78 to 1.04; 4 RCTS; 28,630 participants; high-quality quality evidence), and for dementia 0.88 (95%) (95%). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for recurrent strokes was 0,80 (95-CI 0.63 to 1,00), and the pooled RR for major blood vessel events 0,58 (95+CI 0,23 to 1), and we observed a reduction in the risk of major vascular events 0.58 (94% CI 0,63 to 0,00). Our results support the use of B PLD in people with stroke or TIA for reducing the risk for recurrent and major vascular stroke. Current evidence is primarily derived from trials studying an ACE inhibitor or diuretics. No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal systographic blood pressure target after stroke or tIA.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that men who took B-s-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside (B-sitrostol) had better urine flow, improved prostate size, and improved symptoms of BPH. B-sitosterol did, in fact, reduce the size of the men's prostates. Bile ducts (pills) were not affected. Biliary ducts are a gland that contains the hormone B-tryptophan, which is thought to be a hormone that promotes the growth of prostates, and B-tsynthetic B-Sitosteryl (BST) is a drug which is a prostate. Bactrim (Bactrim), a drug that is a hormone, is a steroid. Bacteria in B-stools are thought to have been involved. Bacterium plantar in the B- sitostyle species, the Bactriens, has been associated with BPH and has been studied in several studies. Bistrocyte (Bistrope) is another drug that has been used to treat BPH, but has not been studied as a treatment for BPH in the past. Bithrope is a synthetic B-tic that is derived from the Bacteriaceae family of bacteria. BTHrope has been shown to be effective in the treatment of BHPs. Bethrope and BTHrotomer are drugs that are used to reduce the growth and production of B-testosterone. Benthrope, a drug made from the same species of Bactrin, has not yet been studied for BHPT.
We found 26 trials comparing salmetol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These trials included 62,815 participants with an asthma attack. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The average age of the participants was between 40 and 65 years. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The review found that regular salmeterol was associated with an increased risk of asthma-related death in people with asthma. There was no significant increase in the risk of death from any cause with regular salmetamol compared with placebo. There were also more serious adverse events with regular Salmeterol compared to placebo. The risk of serious adverse event was increased by one extra serious adverse effect over 28 weeks for every 188 people treated with salmeteroll. There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. The adverse effects of regular sal meters in children remain uncertain due to the small number of children studied. The confidence interval for patients who were taking inhaled corticosteroids was wide and we cannot rule out an increase in asthma mortality in the presence of an inhaled steroid.
This review found no evidence that thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of breathing problems in pre-eclampsia. There were two studies that enrolled pre-term infants. One study (1988) compared L-thyroxine 50 μg/dose at 1 to 24 hours with no treatment. The other study (1989) compared two different doses of L-triiodothyronine 50 mg/day with no intervention. Both studies had methodological concerns including quasi-random methods of patient allocation, no blinding of treatment or measurement and substantial post allocation losses. Neither study reported any significant benefits in neonatal morbidity or mortality from use of thyroid hormones. Meta-analysis of two studies (80 infants) found no significant difference in mortality to discharge. Amato 1988 reported no significant differences in use of mechanical ventilation. No significant effects were found in use or duration of mechanical support, air leak, chronic lung disease at 28 days in survivors, patent ductus arteriosus, intraventricular haemorrhage or necrotising enterocolitis. Neurodevelopment was not reported. There is no evidence from controlled clinical trials that postnatal thyroid hormone therapy reduces the severe breathing problems of preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome.
We included 38 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 1828 patients. The analyses showed that non-absorbable disaccharides may be beneficial for the treatment of hepatic encephaly. We found that nonessential disacchids (disacchidide) may be helpful in the treatment and prevention of hepatidic (head) encepation. We did find that non absorbable (non-absolvable) (nonabsorptive) (disguise as fat) (or 'dissolving') (disappearance) of the liver) can help to reduce the risk of liver failure, hepatoreal (lung) syndrome, and variceal (virus) bleeding. We were not sure if the non-absorptive (non absorbable) (dissolved) (i) disacchaide (dis)solute) dissacchide (i), lactulose (l) or lactulose, or lactitol (militol) was beneficial for quality of life. We could not include the data in an overall meta-analysis because the quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is current to August 2018.
We included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants). The evidence is current to January 2019. Forty-five studies contributed data to our meta-analyses (2698 participants). Bisphosphonate therapy was usually commenced in the perioperative transplantation period (within 3 weeks) and regardless of BMD. Median duration of follow-up was 12 months. Bisph phosphonate treatment may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, however low certainty in the evidence indicates it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. Bisplatinate therapy may decrease bone rejection, but it is uncertain whether any other treatment impacts graft rejection. Bisosphonates may increase bone pain, but the evidence is uncertain about the benefits and harms of this treatment. Bisptake inhibitors (such as bisphosphoneate) may increase the risk of bone pain and bone fractures, but there is low certainty evidence that bisph phosphorocarbon therapy may reduce bone pain. Bispposphonatate therapy or other treatments may reduce the risk for bone disease in children and adolescents after kidney transplants. It is uncertain if bisphatinate or other bone treatments prevent other skeletal complications after kidney surgery, including spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis. The evidence for the benefits or harms of all other treatments was of very low certainty. The effects of bone treatment for children and young adolescents after a kidney transplant are very uncertain. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The studies were generally of poor quality.
This review identified four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/daily. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. There were no significant increases in handgripstrength in the magnesium group. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 were from our 2012 review and five were from the same review. No new studies were included from searches. The evidence is current to January 2017. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The mean age of participants was between 55 and 65 years. The duration of the trials ranged from one week to 14 days. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2015. The review found that antibiotics shorten the time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. Five fewer people per cent will experience clinical failure if they are treated with antibiotics instead or placebo or placebo. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis diagnosed either clinically (high-quality evidence) or confirmed by imaging (moderate-quality data) is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcomes of clinical diagnosis and imaging. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the outcome of clinical cure and for the other outcomes of adverse events. The main limitations of the included trials were the small numbers of participants and the small number of participants with severe sinusitis. The included trials did not include children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe disease.
This review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve the survival of people with stomach tumour that has spread to the stomach. However, the risk of dying from the cancer is higher than for D1 lymphadectomy. The quality of the evidence was rated as being of high to very low.
This review of trials found that oral naltrexone treatment was not better than other pharmacologic treatments in the treatment of people with heroin dependence. The review found that naltrexone was not more effective than benzodiazepine or buprenorphine in the maintenance treatment of heroin use. The results of this study were not consistent with the results of other trials.
We found two studies that examined changes to fluids. Both studies were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia and people with or without the disease, and both were funded by the manufacturer. The first study, a cross-over trial, looked at the effect of two viscosities (nectar and a spoon-thick) of fluids (nnectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. The second study, which was a parallel designed trial, compared the effect on the consistency of nectar and honey and regular liquids with a chin down head posture over a three-month period in 260 participants with a subgroup of 260 participants. Both trials were funded in part by the manufacturers of the videofluors. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of the first study showed that people with a positive response to the intervention were more likely to have a positive outcome for the first viscosity of liquids (nectar and honey) compared with regular liquids without any intervention. However, the second study showed more adverse effects for the second viscoseness of fluids. There were more pneumonia and adverse intervention effects in participants receiving honey thick liquids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or regular liquids. There was no evidence that the change in the consistency or amount of fluids affected quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency and amount of fluid for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few studies have been completed. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluorescenceoscopy for people with the condition. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the long-lasting impact of thickened fluids on the health of the person with dementia should be considered
This review of trials found that natural cycle IVF treatment was no better than IVF in terms of live birth, pregnancy, gestations, and treatment cancellations. The evidence was of very low to low quality. The largest trial has not yet been complete and so the results are not yet conclusive. The trials were too small to be sure that the two treatments were equally good. The results of this review are not clear on the cost of IVF. The review found that for a woman with 53% chance of live births with IVF, the chance of a live birth would be 53%. For a woman who has 34% chance with IVf, the risk of a baby being born with a live baby (34%) would be 34%, and for 53%, the chance would be 52%. The evidence suggests that for 53% of women with a 53% live birth with IVFG, the chances of a healthy baby would be between 34% and 53%. The quality of the evidence was very low for live birth and pregnancy rates. The quality was very poor for the other outcomes. The main limitation of the review was that the number of trials was small and the results were imprecise.
We included 12 studies with 984 participants from 23 references. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year. The average age of participants ranged from 61 to 74 years. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. We found that Tai Chi improved functional capacity and pulmonary function in people with COPD. However, the effects of Tai Chi on reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. No adverse events were reported. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions (i.e. breathing exercise or exercise) alone, Tai Chi did not show any additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement in people. No side effects were reported, suggesting that Taichi is safe to practise in people who have COPD and does not have any known side effects. The most beneficial Tai Chi style and number of forms could not be commented upon in different studies. Data are currently insufficient for evaluating the impact of Taichi on maximal exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength in people in the studies. Hence, future studies are warranted to address these topics.
We found 72 studies that involved 2470 participants. The evidence is current to January 2017. The studies were generally small and varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups. There was no difference between the two groups for upper limb performance. There were no differences between the groups for gait speed, balance, participation restriction, or quality of life. There is insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effect of virtual virtual reality on gait, balance or participation restriction. There are no data on adverse events. The quality of the evidence was mostly low. The main limitations of the included studies were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that compared fluorquinolone treatment with either no fluorocinole (fluoride) (flavone C) (fluoform 1) (or fluoride C) or isonase (floride E) in people with drug-sensitive TB. Three of the five trials (723 people) added levofloxacin (fluoreactive) (a drug that blocks TB's growth) to the first-line treatment. One of the three trials (174 people) also added mxifluoxacins (moxifloxa) (an anti-TB drug) to standard first-time treatment. The other three trials, (741 people) substituted fluoroquinolones for ethambutol (a medicine that blocks the growth of TB cells) or for isoniazid (a medication that blocks growth of the TB cells). The trials did not report on treatment failure. The evidence is current to January 2018. We are uncertain whether adding fluorocinolone to standard treatment with rifampicin or pyrazinamide reduces death or relapse, or increases sputum culture conversion at eight weeks. We do not know if there is an effect. Fluoroquinoleines in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens with fluoroinolones. Ofloxacine, levofluoxa, moxifluoform, mxoloxac, and gatifloxin, and ofloxacid have been tested in RCTs of standard first treatment with drug treatment for drug-ensitive TB. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether addition or substitution of fluoroone for ethamabutol or isoniaZid in the first treatment regimen reduces death, or relapse. We found no trials that examined regimens of less than
