This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children and their parents found that asthma education can help to reduce the risk of children and carers who present to the hospital for an acute asthma attack. There is no evidence to suggest that this is a long-term effect.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest, pain during movement, operation type, and timing of administration. We also found evidence that ketamine reduces pain intensity and reduces opioid consumption. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-studies effects likely but testing not possible. The quality of evidence was generally low or uncertain, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of postoperative nausea and vomiting with ketamine intravenous was reduced from 27% with placebo to 23% (moderate-quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced at 24 hours, and at 48 hours, by 16% (low-quality information). Pain at rest was reduced by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) and by 22% (high quality evidence) on a 5-point scale (the number of points on a 0-100 mm scale). The number of participants with nausea and/or vomiting was reduced (by 16% or more) from 26% to 19% (included in the high- and low-quality studies). The time for the first postoperative analgesic request was increased by 54 minutes (moderate quality evidence). Ketamine reduced the area of pain after the operation by 7 cm² (very low quality evidence), compared with placebo (moderate evidence). We found no difference when nitrous oxide was used. We rated the quality as moderate for pain at
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen. One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants (17 children) with blood-stage parasite growth rates did not show that MSP or RESA reduced the number of cases of clinical malarial disease. In the second trial, 120 children (aged five to nine years) were included. The MSP and RESA vaccine did not reduce the number or severity of clinical disease, but it did reduce the total number of children who had not been treated with antiretroviral drugs. In this trial, the MSP2 (MSP2-FC27) subtype (FC27), which is the main subtype, was not reduced. The results show that blood-structure (the MSP) vaccine may be a way to reduce the frequency of blood-borne diseases, but the effect is MSP 2 (FC 27) specific.
This review identified four studies, involving 125 participants, that compared the effects of different forms of EMF. Three of the studies evaluated the use of pulsed and capacitive electric fields. One study compared two forms, one of which was a capacitive coupled field. All four studies were of poor quality. There was no evidence to suggest that EMF is effective in the treatment of people with long bone fracture. There were two minor side effects, which were minor. More research is needed to determine the best way to treat long-bone fracture.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 people. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopically-guided cholecystectomies. Nine of the 12 trials were of low risk-bias. One trial was of high risk. The average age of the people in the trials ranged from 48 years to 63.5 years. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There was also no difference in the number of patients who died in the short term in the 10 trials that provided this information. The number of serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants (12/646 participants) was similar in the two groups. There were no significant differences in the length of hospital stay between the groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the 'drain' group than in the no drain group. The quality of life of the participants was no different in the drain and no drain groups (one trial; 93 participants) and there was no difference between them in the time taken for the participants to return to normal activity and return to work. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscopic cholecopy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the use of Chinese herbs for the treatment of neuropathy. Most of the trials were of low quality. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the trials. The trials did not mention whether they measured side-effects. There is no evidence from this review to support or refute the safety of these herbs.
We found five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people with a certain type of cancer are assigned to one of two groups, one of which is the control group) that met the review requirements. All the studies were small (1382 patients) and had a short time duration. All but one (N = 77) of the five studies were of short duration. The studies were too small to be of high quality. Only one study (77 patients) looked at the effects of the drug on the cancer cells. This study did not assess the effect of IAS on the disease progression. A subgroup of the study (43 patients) found that IAS may be slightly less likely than CAS to cause side-effects. One trial (43 people) found no difference in side-side effects (e.g. gastrointestinal, gynecomastia, and a lack of blood flow) between the two groups. The other study (N=43) found little or no difference (two and five) in side effects (gastrointestinal, gout, and lack of energy) in the IAS group and five events (five). There were no data for the effect on the risk of death, cancer recurrence, or disease growth. There were few events in the studies, and few events were reported. There is not enough evidence to say which drug is the best for IAS. The evidence is up- to-date as of May 2013.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 participants. Five trials randomised women to either immediate (inserting IUDs) or delayed (delaying) the IUD. One of these trials, which included 259 women, found that women who had an IUD inserted right after an abortion were more likely to have a baby. One trial that looked at the use of IUD with a levonorgestle IUD and found that the use was higher for the Iud with the same IUD, but at six months. The other trial found that if an Iud was put in right after a woman had had an abortion, it was more likely that she would be pregnant. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The quality of evidence was moderate. The results of the review suggest that IUD insertion immediately after abortion is safe and practical. IUD expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortions compared to delayed insertions. However, at least six months after abortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion. The overall quality of the evidence for the use and expulsion of intrauterine system or CuT380A was moderate, which means that further research is likely to change the results.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants stayed in the trial for the six-month period. The trial did not give us enough data to be able to draw any conclusions. We found a high risk for bias due to the small sample size of the trial. We also found a risk for missing data due to missing data. The study did not provide any data on the average age and sex. We are not able to give more details of the study. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low. The included trial might have had some benefits for patients with haematology-diseased blood. It is not clear whether or not the practice of meditation can help patients with blood cancers. We did not find any evidence on the effects of the practice. We need more research to be sure of these effects.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up, and the way in which varicellas were tested. We could not combine the results of the three trials as they were not of the same quality. Overall, 13 out of 56 (23%) of the varicella virus vaccine recipients (23% of the sample) were infected, and 42 out of 54 (78) of the 56 (78%) of those who were given no vaccine (or no vaccine) had a case. Of those who had a mild case, 13 had to be treated with a PEP (proton pumpkin extract (PEP) or a placebo (a fake vaccine) and the other 42 had to have a vaccine. The three trials were too small to be of high or unclear risk-bias. We found no RCTs for children younger than 16 or adults. We did not find any RCT for adolescents.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants. Eleven trials compared different antibiotic regimens. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. All the trials were at high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted or reported). There were no significant differences in the proportion of people who developed MRSA infections between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no differences in mortality between the treatment and control group in each comparison. There were seven different antibiotic regimen comparisons in four of the trials (three trials reported deaths and one other trial). None of the included trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people had MRSA due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there did not appear to be any significant difference in the percentage of people with MRSA infection. In one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, the proportion with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) was significantly lower in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with antibiotic co-amide compared with placebo. There was no significant difference between the two groups in terms of the proportion who developed SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia. In two trials, 19/478 (4.5% of people developed a serious infection other than SSI in the two comparisons. There did not seem to be significant differences between the groups for any of the other outcomes.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care. The number of women included in each trial was too small to allow us to be sure that there was a difference in the number of deaths of the babies in one trial. There was some evidence that women who were cared for at home were more likely to have a caesarean section. Mothers who were care at home spent 10 fewer days as inpatients, and were found to be more satisfied. There were no differences in the risk of death of the baby in one of the two trials. The review found that home care may be better for the mother, but there is not enough evidence to be certain. We found that there were no data on the risk or cost of the mother’s care.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section are non-absorbable (staple-like) sutures, which are less likely to break down, and suture-like (absorbible) suts, which have more chance of keeping the skin closed. There is not enough research to know which of these two methods is the best. There are no trials on the best way to close skin wounds, so we do not know which is best.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention, four examined a black tea and one is still ongoing. Green tea was found to reduce the risk of high blood pressure and low blood lipids (LDL) by 0.43 mmol/L, blood pressure by 2.25 mm Hg, and the total risk of heart disease by 1.85 mmHg. Black tea was also found to be effective in reducing the risk for blood lipid (LDl) and blood lipid (LDp) levels. However, the small number of trials contributing to each of these results means that we cannot be certain of these findings. There was no evidence that green tea had an effect on CVD risk. The results should be treated with some caution. The trials were of short duration, which means that they may not be of long-term use. There is a need for more long-lasting, high quality trials to be carried out to confirm the effects of green and black teas for the prevention of CVD. We found that there is a lack of long term studies to date looking at the use of green or black tea in CVD prevention.
The review authors identified two small randomised controlled trials, involving 23 people, which were of poor quality. These studies did not find any clear evidence to show that the drug, azathioprine, is effective in terms of lung function, symptoms, or side-effects. There is a need for large, long, long-term studies to be done to find out if it is safe, and if it can be used as a steroid-free treatment for chronic asthma.
This review identified 56 studies (4068 participants) that compared exercise with no exercise. The majority of these studies were carried out in people with breast cancer. We found that exercise on fatigue can be beneficial for people with cancer, but not all. The findings of this review are based on studies that have been carried out with people who have solid tumours. We also found that people with blood cancers are more likely to be tired when they do exercise. We did not find any studies of people with other cancers. The review found that there is a need for more research in this field.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy, Belgium and the EORTC 20012 in Belgium. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that patients treated with advanced HL who had been diagnosed with first-line chemotherapy for advanced HL had a longer time to live and a shorter progression-free survival (PFS) compared to patients who had not been treated. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS with BEACOPP escalated compared to the ABVD arm. However, the observation time of these studies was too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (very low-quality evidence). This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalated BEACOP regimens probably causes more haematological toxicities (blood cancers, infections, haemorrhagic neutropenia, thrombocytopenia and MDS). The evidence for the occurrence of MDS or AML may be increased with the escalation of the treatment regimen. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high for survival, but was low for other outcomes. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear.
This review included fifteen studies including 1835 cancer patients. The studies were conducted in high-income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer (nine studies), or prostate (two). Two studies involved a psycho-educative programme that taught self-care skills and two studies involved training in self-help. We found that patients who had a psychoeducative program were more likely to have a better response to treatment than those who had care as usual. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of a different type of treatment. We also found that people who were given a vocational programme had a higher response rate than people who had their care as normal. We could not find studies that examined the effect on the health of people who did not have a psychoeducation programme. In one small, high-risk study, people with breast cancer who were offered a physical training programme were not more likely than people with a care asusual to have better response. In all of the studies, people who got a less radical or less conserving approach to treatment had a lower response rate to their treatment. In the five small studies that used multidciplinary approaches, people were more than twice as likely as people who just had their usual care. We were not able to combine the results of these studies. We judged six studies to be at a high risk of bias, and nine to be of low risk. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for the effects of the psychoeducations, and low for those that did not. We graded the evidence for the other outcomes as low, moderate, or high. The main reasons for this was that the studies were small, had a small sample size, and the results were not consistent.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place. One trial was funded by a Scottish government agency. No declarations of interest were made in two trials. The remaining two trials did not mention declarations. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Results reported in the 2012 review remain the same. We found no new trials in this update. The findings of this review support recommendations that the CTG not be used in women who are low- or middle-risk. Women should be informed that CTG leads to a 20% increase in the caesarean rate. There was no clear difference between groups in the number of deaths in the neonate or in the birth of the baby. There were no data on severe brain damage. Women who had CTG were more likely to have more tests (e.g. fetal blood sampling and continuous fetal monitoring) and to have a higher rate of continuous fetal heartbeat (elevation of heart rate). There was not enough data to be sure that the use of CTG was of any benefit to the babies. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The main limitations of the studies included imprecision, inconsistency and lack of blinding for participants and personnel.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each of the studies used a different type of culture. The studies were of poor quality. Six studies found no evidence that one type of medium was better or worse than the other. One of these, Quinn's Advantage, found that for cle-stage transfer, there was a higher chance of a baby being born with a baby in the cleft of the womb. This study, however, was not of high quality. Four of these studies found that there was no clear evidence of a difference in the chance of the baby being alive on day three or day five. The fifth study, G5, did not show a clear difference in chance. None of them found that the same medium was best for all outcomes. Three of the 32 studies were small and most of them had problems with their methods. The results of this review should be treated with some care. We conclude that there is no strong support for the use of one medium for the treatment of embryos.
The review authors searched for studies of methods of communication to women with breast cancer. They found no randomised controlled trials of methods to inform them of their cancer status. The search strategy of the review found 2847 citations. A total of 30 of the 30 citations were relevant to the review. However, there were three duplicates of 27 articles which left 27 more for further review. Of these, none were of high quality. Therefore, it was not possible to extract and assess the results. The review authors have not been able to draw any firm conclusions as there were no randomized trials of ways of communicating a cancer screening test result. The authors have thought that it would be perhaps unethical to randomise the women at this time, when they are at such a vulnerable time, such as when they have just been told that they have breast cancer, to have a test result which was not of high standard. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first visit to see the doctor, where the cancer is discussed, it would seem that a review which focused on the ways of talking to the woman at the first time, would be of greater use.
This review included 17 randomised controlled trials with 1006 participants. The evidence is current to September 2013. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The interventions included a cognitive-behavioural framework (CBT) intervention, which involved a group of people being randomly assigned to receive either a CBT intervention or a control intervention. The CBT interventions were compared with a control group that received no intervention. In all studies, the interventions were given for at least three months. There was a significant reduction in the frequency of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. The number of days without chest pain was also significantly increased up to three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of CBT on the severity of the chest pain. The results of this review suggest that CBT may have a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions for NSCP, particularly those using a CBT framework. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants. The trials compared antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers with a placebo (fake drug) or with no treatment. The following drugs were evaluated: (1) nedocromil, (inactive) cromoglycate, (a) olopatadine, (b) ketotifen, (1), azelastine, emedastine (an ointment), (e), levocabastine. (1 ) mequitazine, (me), me, bepotastine besilate (me, a), antazoline, (ant), tetryzoline, terebinene and tetrybenzoline. The review found that all of these drugs reduce the symptoms, signs and/or signs of conjunctivitopia (allergy) in the short term. There was no long-term data on their efficacy. We found no evidence that any of the drugs had any long term side effects. The studies were of poor quality. The quality of the trials was low.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of interventions to prevent tobacco use in young people of Indigenous descent. We found two studies that met the review requirements. One study was based in the US, the other in the UK. Both studies were conducted in Native American communities and involved 1505 young people. The two studies were based in a skills-based community-based intervention. The study in the first study found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up between the skills-community group and the control group. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use at six months follow up in the skills group but this was not maintained at six month follow- up. Both included studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is twice that of the non-Indigenous population, with tobacco experimentation commencing at an early age. As such, a significant health disparity exists where Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. Methodologically rigorous trials are needed to investigate interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth and to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco-related health disparities in Indigenous and non-indigenous populations.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials on the use of blood-thinning drugs (blood-fusion) to prevent or treat sickle cell disease. We found one small trial of very low quality, involving 72 women. The trial did not show that giving blood transfusion to prevent blood clots (HbSS) in the womb (prophylactic) or to treat HbSC, when given at the time of birth, is better than giving blood to the mother (selective blood-firing drugs) alone. We did not find any clear difference in the risk of death of the mother or her baby, or in the number of women with severe maternal illness (e.g., heart failure, stroke, haemorrhage, or haemolytic crises). We found no clear evidence that giving a pre-emptive (preemptive) blood-transfusion to women with HbSS, when compared with giving blood at the right time, is a better way to prevent the need for blood- transfusion. We are not able to draw any conclusions on the best blood-sucking drug for women with sickle cells. We need more research on this issue. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more of the main outcomes. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons. The only one that showed a difference from more than one of the trials was in the risk of side effects, which was higher in the fibrin sealant group. We found that the risk for blood transfusion (blood loss) was higher with low- and high-pressure fibrins, and that blood transfusions (blood cells) were lower with fibrinus. We did not find any evidence that the use of a special device to seal the skin was better than clamp-crush. We also found that there were more side effects (complaints) with the fibre-sealant method. We could not find that there was an increase in the number of people who had to be transfused (blood transfusion). We found no evidence that using a special machine to seal off the skin (fibre sealant) was of a benefit in terms of the time to death, the need for blood, the length of time spent in the hospital, or the need to have a blood test. We were not able to assess the time it would take to get back to work. We rated the quality of the studies as low for most of our main results. We downgraded the quality due to lack of data. The main reasons for this were that the studies were small, and the results were not consistent. The studies were of poor quality, and we could not be sure that they were of high or very low quality.
This review aimed to find out which treatments are the best for PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids, oral PUVA and PUVA combined with PUVA. However, a combination of PUVA, PUVA plus PUVA or PUVA with a steroid (topical steroid) is better than the individual treatments. The use of steroid cream (hydrocolloid) is also helpful. It would seem that low dose ciclosporin, t-tetracycline (a type of drug), Grenz Ray Therapy (GRay) and Colchicine (an antifungal drug) may be useful. There was no clear evidence that short-term (less than one month) treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP, but there is no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for P PP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated five drugs within the loop diuretic class. These drugs were furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone (2.5 mg) to -10.0/10 mg, rituximab 200 mg, etizanine 200 mg (2 doses) to 3.5 doses, indiacrinone enantiomer 100 mg to 150 mg, and etozolin 200 mg in 460 people with a mean blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Italy. We found no new trials in 2012 and 2014. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect of loop diurestics was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2.8) mmG. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. We graded the quality of evidence for both sysolic and diastolic (mean) blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the use of these drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in many of the studies. The dose-ranging effects of the drugs could not be evaluated.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intra-peritoneal (injected) or trans-percutaneous (out-patient) local anaesthetic (1558 people) and 1291 people in the control group (1291 people). Most of the trials were at high risk of bias. All the trials but one trial (30 people) were at risk of random errors. There was no death in either group. There were no serious side effects. The duration of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were lower in the group of people who had intra-paclitaxel (inserted in a vein) than the group that did not have it. The length of time spent in the hospital was also lower in both groups. None of the studies reported on quality of life, the need for people to go back to work, or the time it would take them to go to work. There is not enough data to be sure that the effect of intra-posterior (into the stomach) or sub-perteral (out of the stomach, out of the chest) anaesthetics on the number of people dying, the number who had complications, the length of stay in the ICU, the time that people spent in a hospital bed, and the time people had to be out of hospital were unclear. There are no studies that have been done to look at the effects of the use of the same type of local anaesthesia. We found that there were no deaths in the eight trials that reported deaths. One person in the subdural (subdural) (in the stomach (in a tube) or out of a vein (in an IV) died. One of the people in this group had a serious illness. The number of deaths was low. The risk of death was low (0.4%). There were few
We identified 74 studies that compared different types of RDTs with each other. We grouped the studies according to the antigens they detected. We found that the sensitivity and specificity of all RDT tests was such that they can replace the use of these tests for diagnosis of P. falciparum. In comparison with the standard RDT test, we found that HRP-2 tests were slightly more sensitive and susceptible (95% i.e. 95% of the case reports) than pLDH antibody-based tests, but the differences are small. The sensitivity and specificity of the HRP antibodies (such as the Type 1 tests) were such that they can replish or extend the use of these tests. However, the difference in the number of cases of misunderstandings (misunder theatres) was small. If 30% of patients with p. fal flies with pneumonitis disease are diagnosed with P. falC, then the RDT test (s) will miss 16 cases, and the PLDH test (pLDH) will miss 26. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with P falcipareum is 34. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a group of 1000 people, 30 people will be mis mis–mis–the test’d, and the pLD h test (p= 88.0% to 99.5%). The point estimates are based on a hypothetical group of 1000 people where 30% of those with the symptoms of P. 
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the length of time primary care doctors spent with each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by the Health and Social Care Information and Research Council. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. None of the studies reported on the effects on the amount of time physicians spent with patients, or on the use of resources. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the absence of data on participants' characteristics and small sample sizes. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
The review identified only three small trials that evaluated the effects of stavudine in people with ART. All three trials were conducted in countries where the drug is used for ART. The trials were of high quality but were small. The studies were of poor quality and had a high risk of bias. All participants were ART experienced and all had been on the drug for a long time. The results of the trials were imprecise. There was no clear advantage in virologic suppression in the trials. However, the trials did show that there was a small increase in blood lipids (tricyclic lipids) in the high dose group. There were no major side effects. There is no evidence that the drug has an effect on the blood of people with HIV. The review found that the studies did not show that the drugs are any more or less safe in terms of side effects, but that there is no clear difference in the effects on the body’s immune system.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of a strategy that was different from a control strategy (e.g. a higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration, higher tidal volume (PEP) and a lower level of pressure). The other five trials included an "open lung" (where the patient is placed on an open lung and the machine is switched off) strategy. We found that an open-lung approach (where people are put on a machine and then left to breathe out through it) may reduce the risk of death in the ICU, but it did not have an effect on 28-day and in-patient deaths. We did not find that the recruitment of new patients to the open lung strategy had an impact on the need for a lung transplant. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, due to the small number of trials and the fact that most of the studies used an open approach.
We found 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that compared relaxation therapy with no treatment. Three studies measured our primary outcome, but individually did not show any difference between the two groups. The use of 'as needed' medications was lower in two studies, (47 and 51 patients), and the FEV1 (a measure of airway pressure) was no better in the control group. There was no difference in FEV in four studies, of 150 people, but some of the results were better with CBT. Two studies (48 people) found that people taking CBT were more likely to have a higher peak flow of air (e.g. peak airway speed) in the peak of their breath, but this was not better than in those who took bio-feedbriefing. Two more studies (51 people) showed that people who took CBT had a better peak flow (elevation) of air in their breath (peak flow) than those who did not. The results of these two studies were conflicting. We could not be sure of the effects of CBT on depression, but it is not clear if this was due to CBT or not. We were not able to draw firm conclusions for the role of these techniques in the treatment of asthma. We need more well-conducted, large, well-planned and well-resourced studies, which are of high quality. This plain language summary has been written by an asthma suffragette, Janey Antoniou from Rethink Mental Illness.
We searched for studies that compared antidepressants with benzodiazepine (a drug) in people with panic attacks. We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The majority of the studies were of good quality, but only a few studies provided data for the main outcomes. We did not find enough evidence to be able to make any conclusions about the effectiveness and tolerability of antidepressants and benzodiazapine in panic attacks, and we found no evidence that either drug was better than the other. We also found that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) were better tolerated than tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) in terms of the number of patients experiencing adverse effects. We could not find any evidence that benzodizapine was better tolerated by patients than SSRIs. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. This means that we cannot be certain about the results. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014. We recommend that future studies comparing antidepressants with either benzodazepine or benzoduzapine should be conducted with high-quality methods and should use practical outcome measures to provide clinicians with useful and practical data. Data from the present review will be included in a network meta-analysis of psychopharmacological treatment in panic disorder, which will hopefully provide further useful information on this issue. In general, based on the results of the current review, the possible role of antidepressants or benzoidiazepines should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice of which antidepressant and/or benzodazine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of antidepressant and benzidiazepine efficacy and side effects, including data from placebo-controlled studies, as a whole. Data
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants, were included. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. The review found that endoscopic stenting with plastic stent was more likely to have a lower risk of complications, but with a higher risk of a recurrence of the disease. There was a trend towards less risk of 30-day deaths with plastic-stent use. One study found that the risk of death at the 30th or 90th day after surgery was lower with metal stents than with surgery. There were no significant differences in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or death within 30 days of the operation. One published study compared metal stent to surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal-stents. Nine studies compared metal to plastic stenting. Metal stents were associated with a lower incidence of recurrent biliary obstruction than plastic stented patients. There is no significant difference in risk for technical failure or failure of the stent in terms of technical or therapeutic failure. When different types of polyethylene stents (polyethylene and perflouro alkoxy) were compared, only perfloulouro alkyl plastic stacentas had superior outcomes in one trial. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. Endoscopic metal stenting are the intervention of choice at present in patients with distal obstructive jaundice due to pancreatic carcinoma. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits over plastic stENT may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reporting 444 arterial cannusions. Four RCTs compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and one RCT with doppler audio assist. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found moderate-quality evidence that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared with palpate or Doppler auditory assistance. The quality of evidence for all outcomes was moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events. Risk of bias varied across studies, with some studies lacking details of allocation concealment. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the included studies; this adds a performance bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review. Only two studies reported the number of complications. We also found improved success rates within two attempts with ultrasound guidance compared with other types of guidance. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. Similarly, our results suggest, but do not confirm, the possibility of a positive influence of expertise in the use of ultrasound on the first-time success rate. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for the outcomes of first- and second-time successful arterial catheter placement and complications.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male students in the Netherlands and published 2009) and three ITS (three ITS) (three studies in general population in the 1970s) in this review. The RCT (80 boys) found that young men who were given a drink at the start of the study (1.5 hours) drank less than boys who were not. The ITS (80 men in three ITS) found no difference in the number of men who drank less. The three ITS studies (80 males in two ITS) also found that men who did not drink as much as those who did, but did not watch as much TV, had less beer and wine consumption. There were no other prespecified effects (such as costs or hardship) that were reported. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or alcohol-related industries. We found that there is a lack of strong evidence for or against the use of restrictions on the amount, type, or amount of alcohol that can be sold in the market. We recommend that there should be a high-level, well-conducted, high-quality, well conducted research programme that assesses the effects of alcohol restrictions on a wide range of outcomes.
This review of trials found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, stomach upset (gastrointestinal upset) or necrotizing enterocolitis. There was no clear evidence that high MCT is better than LCT for short- and long-term weight gain, skin fold growth, or head growth. There is also no evidence that LCT has less side effects. There were no data on long- and brain-related growth. More research is needed to clarify effects of MCT versus LCT.
We found one small trial (with data from 34 participants) comparing transcervical (transcervical) amnioinfusion (10 mL per minute) with no amniosuppressions. The trial was at a high-risk of bias, which means that we cannot be certain of the results. The amniotropin was given to the mother by mouth (transfusion by mouth). The trial did not report on this review’s other main outcome (death or severe illness in the baby). We did not find any trials that used transfertil (a type of blood clot) to give the amnion. We did find one small study (with 34 women) that used a transfectil (10 ml per minute, 3 mL/minute) of saline for 60 minutes until delivery. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). The study did not identify any trials using transabdominal amniotic fluid. The study found no clear effect on the incidence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection or caesarean section. There was no clear difference in the duration of maternal antibiotic treatment between the group receiving amniotics and the control group, nor in the number of women admitted to hospital. The women in the group that received amniatropin had a lower temperature at delivery compared to the control, but this outcome was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The reduction in pyrexia (low-quality evidence) may be of relevance in terms of benefits to the fetus of reduced exposure to heat. The majority of this review's secondary outcomes were not reported in the included study. The evidence in this review can neither support nor refute the use of amniopressin outside of clinical trials
This review aimed to assess the accuracy of the Mini-Cog as a short-term test for screening adults with mild cognitive impairments. Three studies were found, with 1620 people. The studies varied in their methods and the results were not pooled. There were no differences between the studies in terms of how the people who took part in the studies were selected, how the study was done, or how the outcome was measured. All three studies were of poor quality. There was a lack of data on how well the test works and the lack of studies in this field means that we are not sure if it is accurate. There is a need for more well-planned, well-conducted, and well-reported studies to be done in this area.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dex (10.2 mg/d) (10 to 21.8 mg/day), lisdex (30 mg/D) (30 to 70mg/d), and MAS (12.5 mg/dL) (80 mg/dl) (a mixed amphetamine/diclofenac) (an active comparator). We found that all three amphetaminers (dex, lispro, MAS, and MAS) were efficacious in the treatment of ADHD. We did not find any evidence that amphetamines were better than other drugs for reducing ADHD symptoms. We found low- to very-low-quality studies that showed that dex, MAS (10, 12, and 2521 participants) and MAS were less likely to cause side effects. We could not be sure that MAS was better than dex, as we found no evidence that it had a greater effect on ADHD symptoms than dex. We also found that MAS did not appear to be better than the other two forms. We were not sure if MAS was more or worse than dex or MAS, because we could not rule out the fact that MAS may have had an effect on the same outcome. We are not sure what the best dose of AMP is for ADHD, and we are not certain that the best way to keep people in the study is the same for all people. We do know that people who take AMP are more than twice as likely to have side effects as those who take MAS. We cannot be sure if AMP helps people to stay in treatment. We can be sure of this. We have not found any studies that had low- or high-risk bias. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, which means that we have little or no trust in the results. The main reasons for this are: 1. The studies were small, and 2. The people
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were diverse with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were studied, the dose and type of vitamin D, the co-treatment given, and the outcome measures used. Only two of the 10 studies reported pain scores. Overall, we did not find a consistent pattern that vitamin D was better or worse than a dummy pill (fake pill). Adverse events (adverse events) and withdrawals from the studies were very rare. Based on this evidence, we are unable to draw firm conclusions on the use of vitamins D for the treatment of pain.
This review of studies found that professional interventions can improve the health of people with type 2 diabetes. In all studies the interventions were aimed at the same group of people: the health professional. In 12 studies, the interventions aimed at health care workers, in nine they were aimed in the health service, in 20 they aimed in both. In 15 of the studies, nurses were added to both the professional and the organisation of care. A combination of these interventions showed a positive effect on patient health. The effect on the patient was less clear. The studies did not report on the effect on health outcomes on patients. In some cases, the nurse was added to the interventions. In these studies, nurse-led patient-oriented programmes showed a favourable effect. In other words, nurses can play a role in patient health care, either through patient education, or by helping people to take their medicine. In addition, the use of computer systems (such as those used by nurses) that help people to keep track of their diabetes care can improve their care. The review found that there were few studies that looked at the role of the nurse. The quality of these studies was poor. More research is needed.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where participants are assigned to a group by chance) that compared the use of birth control pills for birth control. The studies included 1503 women, with a mean of 301 women. The trials used a range of methods, with the most common being the LNG. The LNG-IUS 12 and LNG 20 were used in three trials. The women in the studies were aged 25 years and younger. In the trials comparing two different methods, there was no difference in the number of women who were able to use the pills. In three trials, women who used a LNG had at least 75% of the pills at 6 to 36 months. The COC group had a higher rate of stopping the pills than the group that used LNG, but this may not be relevant to use in the clinic. In one trial, LNG and COC did not seem to have much effect on the women’s chances of keeping the pills for three years. The trial that looked at LNG 12 and 16 did not show that the pills had any effect. In another trial, the number that used the Lng- IUS 12 was at least as high as that of LNG 16. We considered these results to be moderate to low. We did not have enough data to be sure that LNG was as good as LNG or COC.
This review found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications. It also improves the symptoms of the asthma and the bronchial hyper-reactions of the bronchi. There was no evidence of an effect on lung function. There is a need for more research in this field. The review also found that there is a potential for adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis), but these are rare.
This review found six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of systematic error. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% CI 0.61 to 0.88) and hospital deaths were reduced by 0.80. Overall deaths were not different if a peak (at 31 cm H2O) pressure of 31 cm/L (the upper limit) was used. The effects on long-term deaths are unknown. The trials did not provide enough evidence to determine if there is a benefit for long term outcomes.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials with 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients with spinal cord injury is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. The results should be interpreted with caution. We did not find any high-quality evidence for any of the outcomes of interest.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined results from the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no difference in incidence of the disease in people treated with the drug, compared with those on a dummy drug. The trials did, however, show that blood pressure lowering in late life did not prevent the onset of dementia. The four trials also did not show that the drug had an effect on the change in the mental state. Side effects were more common in people on the drug Syst Eur 1997. The results of three of the four studies showed that more people on a drug (Syst Eur 1991) were likely to stop the drug due to side side effects. There was no difference seen in the risk of side effects in the three trials that reported side effects, but more patients on a placebo (SHEP 1991). There was not enough data to be sure of this. There is not enough evidence from the trials to be certain that the use of a blood pressure drug in the late stage of life to lower blood pressure prevents the early onset of Alzheimer's or dementia. There were problems with the way the trials were carried out. In most of the studies, the drug was used as an adjunct to a usual blood pressure control. In addition, there were too few people in the trials for the results to be combined. More robust results may be obtained by combining the results of the individual patient data.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in re-stenosis is unclear. Compared to angioplasty alone, P TCRA/PTCA did not result in an increase in the risk of major adverse events (e.g. heart attack, emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the hospital period. However, PTCA was associated with nine times more risk of a spasm, four times more chance of a stent being stuck, and twice the chance of an angiographic dissect. In patients with a more complex lesion, PTE was not found to be more effective than standard PTCAs. There was no evidence that PTE is better than standard or 'bailout' PTCs. In certain patients (eg., those with complex or unplanned heart disease, or those who fail PTCS), PTE may be of use in the future.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 333 children. Two of these trials were multicentre trials, comprising only children who had bronchial syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled people with bronchiolytic bronchitis. All three RCTs used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase. Adjunctive therapy included nebuliser (salt, steroids, nasal decongestants, nasal wash, nasal drops) and antibiotics. The results of the three trials did not show that nebulisers shorten the length of time spent in hospital, or that they improve the clinical outcome. In one RCT, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had a flare of broncholitis, and two of these patients had a severe flare. There were no major side effects. The review found that the use of nebulaised rh DNase did not reduce the length or the need to be admitted to the ICU. It might have a role in severe bronchiolitis, which is caused by the presence of a hole in the bronchus. However, more studies are needed.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. The studies compared the percutaneous approach with the cut-down femoral artery access. One study had a small sample size and did not report methods of the study. The second study was a larger study, with few problems with its methods. Both studies were conducted in the USA. We found no significant difference in the number of deaths between groups, with only one death occurring overall, in the group treated by cut-up femoral arteries. Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study, we observed only one failure of aneurysis exclusion in the surgical cut- down femoral arterial access group. No wound infections occurred in the two groups. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two approaches, or in bleeding complications and haematoma. There were no differences in the length of hospital stay between the groups. We observed differences in surgery time between the approaches, with the faster approach being faster than the cut up femoral approach. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm (two trials) in preventing pregnancy. The sponges were more likely to cause side effects, such as itching, dry mouth, and nausea. More research is needed.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review. Six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated the amelioration. There were a number of limitations in the way that the studies were done. There is some support for the use of two drugs (memineine and HCL) in the treatment of cognitive problems. The first study found that the drug may help to prevent cognitive problems, and the second found that HCL may be helpful. There was no strong evidence that there were any other drugs (drugs, treatments, or treatments) that could be used to treat the problem. There are no strong results from non-drug treatments for the treatment (non-drug) of people with brain cancer. More high-level research is needed.
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared laser therapy to a dummy treatment. Both studies were assessed as at high risk of bias. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-low-low laser treatment. One study was funded by a university, and the other by a national research agency. The two studies were funded by an agency with no vested interest. The results from the two studies showed that there was some evidence of a reduction in the amount of pain and change in the level of numbness in the lip and chin. There was no evidence that the results of the studies were consistent. There were no reports of side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence for the outcome of pain, change in numbness, pain, sensation, and loss of taste as low. We judged the quality to be low due to the small size of both studies, the small sample size and the imprecise results. We conclude that there is a need for more high-level research to be done to determine the best way to treat this type of nerve injury.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials were of poor quality. One trial (161 pregnancies) was based on women who had a history of type 2 diabetes. It showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage (death of the baby, pre-term birth, or pre-birth). In terms of this review's other main outcome, we found that use of oestrogen and progestogen did not seem to have an effect on the risk of the babies being born early. The second study (161 women) was of high quality. It did not show that the use of the two drugs had an impact on the chance of a baby being born before 34 weeks. The study did, however, show that there was an increase in the risk that the babies were born early, but this did not lead to a difference. We did not find any difference between groups in terms of the risk for low birthweight (births less than 2500 g), low birth weight (birthweight less than 2000 g) in the babies, cancer of the genital tract (in the womb), or cancer of other parts of the womb (in both the womb and in the womb) in either group. We found no evidence that using oestrogens and gestrogens to treat miscarriages is effective. There is an urgent need for high-level research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups (1364) was 1364 and 919 in the control groups. Nearly all studies were of short duration (6-8 weeks) and were of good quality. Pooled results from fourteen studies showed that TCAs were more likely to be more effective than control (placebo). The number needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs was 7.7 to 16 (median NNT 9) and for SSSIs 7.8 to 8 (average NNT 7.9). The numbers needed to harm (NNH for withdrawal due to side effects) ranged from 4 to 30 for TCA and from 20 to 90 for SSRI.
We found nine studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo (a pretend drug) or other drugs. Ibuproven 400 mg was more effective than placebo (fake drug) for pain relief in 4373 people, 5223 of whom had a migraine. About half of these people were pain-free at 2-hour, and the rest had mild pain. Ibupsroven 200 mg was also better than placebo for pain reduction at 2 hours, but the higher dose was better than the lower dose. Soluble formulations were better than standard tablets for 1-hour headache relief, but not for 2 hours. Similar numbers of people experienced side effects, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibupronfen and placebo. Ibupprofen 400 mg did not differ from rofecoxib 25 mg for 2- hour headache relief or 24-hour pain relief. We found no new studies since the last version of this review. We conclude that ibuproxen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief for about half of people with migraine, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority of people. Adverse events occurred at the same rate as with placebo.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye). The trials were conducted in a variety of countries, with a range of different types of dry eye treatments. The trials varied in terms of the type of treatment, type of symptom, and the way in which the tears were made. We found that there was a lot of uncertainty as to which type of OTC tear was the most efficacious. We did find that 0.2% and 1.4% OTC tears were the most effective, but we could not be sure whether they were the same. We could not also be sure if the tears had the same side-effects. We also found that the tears may be safe. However, the quality of evidence was low. The included trials were of poor quality, and we were not sure if they were of high quality. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared second-line regimens with or without the use of lamivudine. There was no difference in the number of people who had HIV-1 RNA suppression in the group who had lamivUDine and those who did not. Two other studies (instracts) did not show a difference in HIV-related virologic suppression between those who had a lamivuzine- or emtricitabine-sparing first-line drug and those not. There were no trials that looked at the effect of boosted PIs (PIs) or nucleoside-based regimens. There are no trials looking at the effects of second- line drugs on HIV-infected people who fail to show a short-term response to their first antiretrovirals. There is a need for more research in this field. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 tests that we could not use. We found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the tested tests, six for the tests that could be used to assess the risk of difficult tracings, and 30 for the test that can be used for assessing the presence of airway obstruction. We did not find studies that looked at the effect of the tests on the number of people who needed to be re-intubated. We also found 27 studies that we will use in the future. The tests we looked at were of low or very low accuracy. We could not be sure that the tests were of high quality. We judged that the studies were of good quality, but we were not sure if they all were. We were able to combine the results of six studies, which we found that the test of the mouth bite test was the best test for detecting tracheal blockage. The test that was used to detect trachea was the most accurate. We are not sure what the tests could tell us, but the tests we found were of moderate to high accuracy. For tracheation, we found the tests to be of high accuracy, but they were not of high enough precision to be able to tell us if people were in need of re-tubes. For the tests of the throat, we could only be sure of the results. For this, we are not certain that they will be of good use. For other tests, we were uncertain. We do not know if the tests are of good or bad use, as they were of poor or very poor accuracy. The studies we found did not look at the same things for all the tests. We need to know more about the tests, so we can be more sure that they are valid.
This review of trials found that probiotics reduce diarrhoea in children and young children. Probiotics appear to be safe and to be effective in shortens the length of time that the children need to be on the toilet. However, the size of the effect varied between the studies. More research is needed to guide the use of probiotics in specific groups.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared the effects of this new form of care with standard care. This study included 52 participants. The duration of the included study was 18 months. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects (six months to 12 months) effects of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care versus standard care alone. The results of this study showed that people receiving nid therapy-enhended standard care were more likely to engage in social functioning activities in both the short term and medium term. However, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results concerning engagement with non-inpatient services favoured the intervention group in both short term (n = 50, 1 RCT, MD 2.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.13 to 3.87) and in the medium term, with statistical significance evident in both. Results for the adverse effects/events of death were measured by 12 months, and showed that the intervention favoured people leaving the study early in the shorter term (by 12 months), with slight favour of the control group at medium term but with no statistical significance (very low quality). Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of this newly-formulated therapy. Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of the newly-formed therapy. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start (at the start of the study), to a pre-dummy (150, 300, 450, 600 mg) or a'stable' pregabalin (300 to 600 mg to 600 or 600 mg per day) or'stalled' (where the treatment is stopped for 8 to 13 weeks) dose. Two studies (1492 people) had an 'EERW' design, in which those with good pain relief at 12 or 13 weeks' were given a prenup (150 to 600mg to 600, or 300 to 600) or an EERW-based treatment (placebo) for 13 to 26 weeks. We found that people taking a pregalactide 300 to600 mg had a greater reduction in pain intensity than people taking placebo (a pretend treatment). The number of people with moderate or severe pain was reduced by at least 50% with pregalactic acid (450 mg: high quality evidence) and by about 9% with placebo (high quality evidence). People taking pregalaxial acid 300 to 300 mg also had a better pain reduction at least 30% (high-quality evidence) than those taking placebo. People taking a placebo had a similar number of participants experiencing moderate pain reduction (30% to 43%) and moderate pain relief (50% or more) at least once a day (highquality evidence). About 10% to 20% of people had moderate or very good pain reduction with pregarabalin and about 10% with a placebo. About 10 people out of 100 would have achieved moderate or excellent pain reduction without stopping treatment. People on pregalaxis had moderate to severe pain reduction of at least half a day. People who took a pregarabal acid had moderate pain reductions at least twice a day for 12 to 13 months. People in
We found one trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term). The trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo and was at a low-risk-bias. The trial did not report any of this review's main outcome measures. There was no significant difference in the mean ApG-score (a test of the Apgar score) of the babies at birth, nor in the babies’ age (the baby’s age at birth). There were also more adverse effects (such as a warm, flushing, dry mouth, hair loss, and rash). There was a small number of women in the study, and the results were not conclusive. There were no serious side effects. The review found that there was no clear evidence that there were any major side effects, such as haemorrhage, or that the mothers’ health was improved. There is not enough research to assess the effects of the drug on the brain of the baby. There are no trials that have been done to assess if there is any side effects for the baby, or if there are any benefits for the mother. More research is needed to find out how to reduce the risk of side effects in the mothers.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation programs in non-Indicted populations. Four studies met all of the criteria for this review. Two used a smoking cessation program that used a drug to help people to quit, one through a combination of a drug, counselling, text message, and one through doctors trained in the use of a smoking stop/smoking programme. The results of the four studies were not consistent. The studies were too small to be sure that these programmes are effective. The review found that there is a lack of good-designed studies that have been carried out to determine the effects of these programmes. This lack of research has led to the lack of confidence in the results.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We included studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) in the analysis. All 13 studies reported some type of hospital death (28-day, 30-day or 60-day deaths). The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality was 1.02 (95% CI 0.96 to 1.09) and for the high-cost patients (high-risk) the RR was 0.98. Of the eight studies of patients with high risk of surgery, there was no difference in the risk of death. We found no evidence that a PAC changed the length of stay in the ICU (four studies), or the time spent in the hospital. We did find that PAC did not change the length or cost of care for people in ICUs. We also found that there were no major problems with the use of PAC. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for bias. We judged that the quality of the evidence was high for death, LOS, and costs. The quality of evidence was low for cost. The evidence is current to September 2014.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by skilled phlebotomist, is a safe method of blood sampling. The use of a sweet tasting solution (such as a sugar pill) reduces the pain of the blood sample.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women. One study compared the two types of suturing techniques. The other study compared two different types of resuturing. There were no data on wound healing. There was a trend to favour the resutured group, but this result was not conclusive. The study also found that there was no difference in the rate of dyspareunia (pain) at two months, six months or more. The second study found that more women in the suture group had had sex by two months. The trial did not report on pain, the woman's pain, or the women's views on the look of the wound. The women in both groups had the same number of sex partners. The studies did not look at the following: pain at the time of the birth, the pain at six months, the number of women who had sex, or their views on their wounds. There is an urgent need for a large, well-designed, randomised trial to compare the two methods.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants in this review. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included RCTs separately compared different antiviral drugs, precluding a pooling (combining) of the results. Most of the studies were of poor quality. Only three of the 18 studies found that Chinese herbs may be helpful in preventing flu. However, these studies were small and of low quality. There was no clear evidence that any of the herbs were better than the other. There were no major side effects. Most Chinese herbs in these studies had mild side effects, such as mild nausea, vomiting, and dizziness. There is a need for more high quality studies to be done.
The evidence is current to May 2015. We included 8 studies with a total of 558 participants in this review. The studies compared the following interventions: thrombolytic therapy versus placebo (1 study); low versus high dose thrombotic agents (1); alteplase versus urokinase (1; short versus long thrombosporin-based agent treatment (one); fibrin sheath stripping versus over-the-wire catheter exchange (1) and exchange with and without angioplasty sheath disruption (1). No two studies looked at the same interventions. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Most of the studies included in this study were judged to have a high-risk of bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement and were therefore judged to be at high risk for bias. Based on low certainty evidence, thrombin sheath replacement therapy may restore catheter function when compared to placebo but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits, high risks of bias in the estimates of adverse events and imprecision in the estimate of adverse event rates. There is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse effects. There was no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis-related adverse events. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015 and further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response, and 11 trials (14 treatment treatments) published time to the start of the disease. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women who had the option of adding a drug to the treatment regimen and the control group (control). There was no difference in the time to death between these patients. We found that the addition of one or more drugs to the regimen shows a benefit in tumour growth, but there is no evidence that this is an advantage in terms of the time taken for the tumour to grow back. There was also an increase in side effects. The review found that there is a lack of data on side effects, such as hair loss, skin rash, nausea, vomiting, and leucoproblems. More research is needed.
This review of 10 randomised controlled trials, involving a total of 1896 patients, found that a non-nurse-led unit was better than ICU care. There was no difference in the risk of death or in the length of stay in the ICU. There is some evidence that patients who are cared for in a non nurse-led hospital are more likely to be able to be readmitted to ICU on their own. There were no major side effects. The cost of care on the NLU was higher in the UK but lower in the US.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two studies used one type of ultrasound, and six studies used a multi-component treatment. The risk of bias was low in some studies, and high in other. There is only poor quality evidence from the included studies. There was no clear evidence to support the use of one therapy for CTS that is more efficient than any other. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2015. More studies are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of therapeutic ultrasound for CT.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active treatments were pravastatin, atorvastatin (patients with a recent stroke), simvastat, clofibrate, and conjugate. There was no clear evidence that statins had an effect on the risk of stroke in those with a previous stroke. There is some evidence that there is a small effect on stroke risk in people who have had a stroke and have a recent clot. This review found that statin treatment in people with a stroke or TIA had a small benefit in reducing the chance of stroke recurrence. The risk of death was not reduced. The effect of statins on the rate of heart attacks and deaths was not clear.
This review found that there is some evidence that mass media campaigns can change people’s smoking habits. However, the quality of studies varied, and the length of time that the campaigns were run and the way they were carried out varied. There was no clear evidence that they had an effect on the number of people who had quit, or that they were more likely to be able to quit than people who did not. There is also some evidence from a small group of studies that some of the campaigns may be more effective than others.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances when compared with no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared to psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, sleep disturbances or anxiety in the short term. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercise. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate for yoga versus no therapy and very low for yoga compared with psychosomatic interventions. The results of the review suggest that yoga might be an effective supportive intervention for improving health- related quality oflife and reducing fatigue and night-time sleep disturbances, as a supportive intervention when compared against no therapy. However, the quality of evidence was very low or moderate for other outcomes. The included studies did not adequately report safety-related data. The overall quality of this evidence was low or very low, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included one study that compared early post-operative brain imaging (up to 48 hours after surgery) with no early brain imaging among 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early postoperative imaging with respect to overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM and little or any difference in overall survival at two years after diagnosis. No other review outcomes were reported. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we identified no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in glioma seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine (the mainstay drug) and metiapine (the newer drug), but there was a small number of people who had a high level (70 people) of seizure at eight weeks. We could not use the data to assess the effects of metiAPine for the other key outcome, which was the effect on the person's mental state. There were no useable data on the effects on the people's mental health, readmission due to relapse, or costs. We found that there was no high-quality trial-based data on this question. We conclude, that there is no clear evidence that chlorpromamide is more or less well-treatable and safe than metipine. However, there is a need for more high-level research on this issue. The evidence is of very low to low quality. This means that we cannot be sure of the results. The review is up to date as of April 2014.
This review found that nitro-imidazole antibiotics, mesalamine (a type of bactericide), azathioprine/6MP (a drug that suppresses the immune cells) and infliximab (an anti-tumour drug) all appear to be better than placebo (fake drug) for preventing the recurrence of Crohn's disease. There was no difference in the risk of side effects. There were not enough trials to draw a conclusion on the effects of these drugs on the cost, side effects, and side effects of the drugs.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one trial), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of psychosfunctional interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions can be made because of the paucity of data and the low quality of the retrieved studies.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority of them described how they were carried out. The most common quinine dose was 300 mg/day. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries. The evidence is current to September 2014. Compared to placebo (20 trials, 1140 participants), quinines reduced cramps by 28% over two weeks by 10% and cramps days by 20% by 20%. Cramps duration was not affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor side effects on quinne than on placebo (3%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0% to 6%), mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. Overdoses of the drug have been reported elsewhere to cause potentially fatal side effects, but in the included trials there was no significant difference in major side effects. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (0.12% risk) on quine. A combination of theophylline and quininedine improved cramps more than quinsine alone, and the effects of xylocaine injections into gastrocnemius muscle were not significantly different to quinidine alone. Based on a single trial comparison, quinide alone was less effective than a quinidine-theophyllines combination but with no significant differences in side effects (2% risk). A quininine-vitamin E combination, vitamin E alone, vitamin A, and xylocerein injections into the stomach muscle were all equally effective in reducing cramps and cramp days. There is low quality evidence from single trials that theophyelline combined with quinides improves cramps, and low or moderate quality evidence that qu
We found seven trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps (N = 202), and four trials enrolled 322 people (n = 322). Magnesium supplementation was compared to placebo (dummy pill) in six trials, and to no treatment (disease state) in one trial. We found no trials of people with muscle cramps due to disease. The evidence is up- to-date as of February 2016. For idiopathic cramps, which are mostly older adults presumed to have nocturnal leg cramp, differences in frequency and intensity of cramps were small, not statistically significant, and without heterogeneity (I2 = 0%). This includes the percentage change from baseline in the number per week at four weeks and the difference in the average number of cramped cramps per week (0.01 cramps/week). The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group (95% CI -28% to 12%, moderate quality evidence). Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found in measures of cramp intensity or cramp duration (low quality evidence) for people with pregnancy cramps. Meta-analysis was not possible for trials of pregnant women with cramps caused by pregnancy. The single study comparing magnesium to no intervention failed to find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials comparing magnesium versus placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the number of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramp.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-home-based, combined muscle strength (strength training) and recumbent cycle (elevator cycle) program with usual care. The trial included 14 people (10 years and 48 years) with SMA. Most of the people in the study were men. The study was conducted in the USA, and the average age of the participants was between 10 years and 50 years. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of them did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The evidence is current to August 2016. The training program showed a small improvement in walking distance on the six-minute walk test, but the change was not statistically significant. Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity, measured by the change in peak oxygen uptake (VO2max), was similar in the training group and the usual care group. The HFMSE score in the group of people who received the training program increased by 2 points from baseline to six months' follow-up, with no change in the usual practice group. Function on the HFMSA scale was improved in the intervention group by 3 points. The change in muscle strength was slightly better in the exercise group. No serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw any conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. The quality of evidence is very low. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people with S MA type 3 and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
We found two small randomised controlled trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapists, or with immobilized soft-wearing devices (corsets) or both. Both were of low quality. One trial (81 patients with neck spondylosis) found that the short-term pain relief was better than that of physiotherapist-assisted treatment, but there was little or no difference in the long-term. One of the trials (68 people with mild myelitis) found no difference in pain, strength, or sensation in three years. Both small trials were at risk of bias. It is not clear from these two small trials if the risk of adverse effects from the surgery is offset.
This review looked at the effects of telephone consultation on service use. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of calls to GP's, out-of-hours visits by doctors, and the need for nurse triage. There is some evidence that it may have an effect on the use of services. However, there is a need for more research in this field.
We included 84 studies (22,872 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for most outcomes.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition bias and at high risk of blinding (where people and the people treating them knew which group they were in). We considered most of the studies to be at low risk of bias. We classified studies into three main groups: (1) enhanced (e.g. face-to-face) training sessions, (2) multi-media-delivered inhaler training and (4) technique feedback devices. We found that enhanced inhaler technique education (e-mail, video, web-based, DVD or game) showed some benefit for adults, but not for children. We did not find that these types of studies led to important benefits for people with asthma. We also found that the number of people who showed that they were 'good or 'good enough', or that they had a 'good' or 'not good' asthma control, was more useful than how often the checklists were checked. We could not be sure if these studies were of good or bad use, and we could not tell if they had any harms. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low. This means that we have little or no confidence in the results. Most of the results were imprecise, and it is not clear if the studies were well-conducted.
This review of three small trials, involving 226 participants, found that there was no clear evidence that mannitol is helpful or harmful for people with stroke. One trial did not find that the effect of the drug on death and dependency was better than that of a control. The change in symptoms of stroke was not reported in two trials, and the change in the condition of the patients did not differ much between the manlitol- and control groups. The trials were too small to be sure that the drug is safe.
This review of six trials found that D-penicillinamine appears to be a promising drug for rheumatoid rheumatoids. Its efficacy is similar to that of other drugs that have been shown to be helpful, but with a higher dose. Its effects on the long-term function of rheumatic joints, and on the rate of radiologic (x-ray) progression, are not clear.
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a control group, and the fourth study was a trial of two other Chinese herbs. None of the studies reported on the effects of the Chinese herbs on the patients' health. There was a reduction in the number of patients with nausea, and a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (womb white blood cells). There was no evidence of harm. We found no trials that looked at the effects on the immune system. We need more high quality trials in this field.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 866 people with RP. The three trials evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, vitamin A and D HA alone, and DHA and A/A and A plus DHA versus DHA. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. The mean age of the participants ranged from four to 55 years. All three trials were funded by the National Institutes of Health Research (NIHR) or the National Eye Institute (NIH), and all three trials received funding from the National Institute of Health. The evidence is current to August 2018. The review found no clear evidence that vitamin A or DHA is beneficial for people with retinopathy of prematurity, in terms of changes in visual field and ERG amplitudes at one year and the mean change in visual acuity at five years follow-up. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual field loss or visual acity loss. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitude among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any of the other trials. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. In future RCTs, since some of the studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue. Future trials should take into account the changes observed in the ERG and other outcome measures from the trials included in the review, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure adequate power to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 people with rheumatoid arthritic disease. The majority of people in the trials had IA. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss, improve work functioning and work status by a range of ways: first, by assessing work changes (e.g. changes to work tasks, changes to working conditions, changes in working conditions) and then by helping people change their work tasks. Second, by giving help to change work tasks and by helping them to cope with new tasks. Finally, by providing help to help people cope with their work. We found very low quality evidence that job loss prevention strategies could have an effect on job loss. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 newborns (140 of whom were given arginine). The studies were conducted in three countries. We assessed the quality of the included studies as good. We found that the number of infants who developed NEC (any stage) was reduced by a mean of 6 (95% CI 4 to 10). We also found that there was a reduction in the risk of death due to NEC. The number needed to treat for an additional benefit (NNTB) was 6. The quality of evidence was moderate. We did not find any significant differences in adverse events (cerebral problems, vision loss, blindness, or deaf or hard-of-heard ears) in the group of preterm infants who took the drug. The review found no evidence that the drug had an effect on the risk for any of the outcomes. The results of this review are not conclusive. We need more research to be sure that this drug is safe and that it does not cause harm. We also need to find out if it is safe to give it to preterm babies who are born too early.
We found four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus a dummy drug (placebo), no treatment, or placebo for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss of time to start the trial were 7%, 11%, 41%, 10%, and 7% in the INCS group. The results from the three trials that we combined showed that INCS was more likely to help people with acute snotty nose to improve or to get better. Higher doses (400 µg versus 200 µg) had a stronger effect. No major side effects were found. Current evidence is limited for acute sutured nose sinusococcal disease, as it is not confirmed by either radiology or nose endoscope. However, the use of INCS as a single drug or as an adjuant to an antibiotic may be helpful. Clinicians should weigh the small but important benefits with the risk of minor side effects.
This review of trials found that prophylactic use of vancomycin in preterm babies (at low dose) reduced the risk of sepsis. However, there was no difference in death, length of stay, or adverse effects. There was not enough evidence to be sure that the use of prophyleactic vancomate prevents the growth of resistant (resistant) organisms.
This review aimed to determine whether dressing or topical agents can speed up wound healing. We found only a small number of studies and they were all of poor quality. We could not determine whether the choice of dressing and/or topical agent affects the time it takes for wounds to heal. There was one small trial of aloe vera supplements vs gauze. This trial found that aloe vinca (a plant nutrient) may slow wound healing, but it is not clear if this is a problem. There were no studies of foam (a substance that looks and tastes like foam) and foam was found to be as good as gauze, but the results of this trial are not clear. We did find one trial that found that plaster casts may speed up the time taken for a stump to heal, but there was a large loss of time to the trial. There is a need for more research in this field.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials of birth control pills, implants, and intra-amnionine-releasing systems. The evidence is current to April 2014. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-re releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. We did not find any trials of other birth control methods. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. One trial did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG-iUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group but no significant difference at one year. For breastfeeding duration two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not measure it. A COC study showed a negative effects on lactate duration but reported no difference. Another study showed lower volume of breast milk at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks. Another four studies did not show any significant difference between groups in milk volume or composition with two POPs, a COC, or the eonogestre implant. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater weight gain (grams) for the EtonogESTrel implant versus no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. The others studied POPs or COCs versus POPs. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. Of four trials that assessed infant growth, three indicated no significant differences in growth between groups. One showed greater growth gain in the ETONGestrel implants group versus no methods but less versus DMPA
We found 10 controlled trials from Australia, Singapore and the USA. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for the effects of red-light cameras. We found that the only study that adjusted for both the total and the right-angle of the crash, which was the most common type, found that red-lart cameras were more likely to reduce total crashes. For three of the studies, which did not adjust to the effect of the red light, the rate of crashes was lower. For the other three, the same was found. We also found that in the three studies that made no changes, red-lap-time-free (RTM), the rate was higher. We did not find any studies that looked at red-low-speed crashes. We are not sure if red-lot cameras are more or less safe for red-flooding. We do know that they are safe for people with low blood pressure. We need more research to find out if they are safer.
We identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of patients with venous thrombosis (blood clots) that had been cleared from the veins by day five. One study showed that 10-mg (10 mg/l) or 5 mg (5 mg/m) warfarin was effective in reducing the number of people with VTE who had to be treated with a clot-dissolving drug (intravenous heparin) to reach an INR 2.0. The other three studies, which included 383 participants, showed that 5-mg or 10 mg warfarins were effective in preventing blood clots in the veins of patients who had been admitted to hospital for VTE. The fourth study, consisting of both inpatients and outpatients, showed no difference in the number who had bleeding at 14 to 90 days. No difference was observed in minor bleeding or in length of hospital stay. In patients with acute thromboembolism (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, considerable uncertainty surrounds the use of either a 10- mg or a 5 mg loading dose for initiation of anticoagulant treatment. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding optimal warrenin initiation nomograms. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with standard care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model (providing care at home and in the hospital) in the same way as the usual care. The trials were small, and we could not tell whether the models of care were similar. We found that some of the models may be better than usual care, such as those that involve the use of a doctor or a nurse, to reduce the risk of delirium, but we were not able to tell if they were better than those that used an orthopaedic team. We did find that, when the care was given by a geriatrician, the length of time spent in hospital was shorter. We could not be sure that this was due to the type of care. There was no data from the trials for our main outcome, health-related quality. There were no data for our other main outcomes (e.g., daily living and functional performance). We were not sure that the studies were of high enough quality to be sure of the results. We rated the certainty as low or very low. This means that we have very little or little trust in the results, and that we can be very uncertain. We downgraded the certainty of the studies to low, very low, which means that the true results may be quite different from the results we found.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 840 children. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes. Three studies reported a reduction in the length of hospital stay, but there was no difference in the rate of readmission to hospital. Home care was more costly for health care providers. However, home care did not seem to have an effect on parents' health. Overall, the results show that home care may be more convenient for parents, but costs were not reduced. There was no clear evidence that there was a benefit for children's health. However there was some evidence that parents may have been more satisfied with home care. There were no clear results on the long-term effects of home care on health. Further research is needed, measuring health, parental anxiety, service use and costs.
We found 40 studies that compared ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies included 7524 people with severe mental illness. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The results showed that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and may improve social functioning. It also may reduce hospitalisation and increase retention in care. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the outcomes of adverse events and death by suicide. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of people included in the studies. The overall quality of evidence was very low or low for most outcomes. The review found that ICm is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with mental illness, including: 1. reducing the number and duration of hospital stay, 2. improving social functioning, and 3. reducing unemployment. The most important finding was that ICMs adherence to the ACT model (the way in which care is provided) may be more effective than non-ACT models for improving social function. The included studies did not provide information on relapse or important improvement in mental state.
This review looked at the effects of box model training compared with no training. Twenty-five trials contributed data for this review. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for the review. All but one trial were at high risk of bias (risk of arriving at wrong results). All the 16 trials in this comparison used video-trainer-led box model trainees. There were no trials that used a cadaver-type model. We found that when the trainee had a box-model trainee, the time for the task to complete was shorter (8 trials; 249 people). The trainee also had a lower error score (3 trials; 69 people), and better performance score (three trials; 73 people). Three trials (73 people) found that the box- model group had a better score for the tasks completed (3 studies; 69 more people). There was no difference in the time taken for a task to be done (8 studies, 249 people), or in the score of the task when using a simple cardboard box trainer (3.79 seconds). There were also no clear differences in the number of people who had to be re-aligned (1 trial; 36 people). None of the other outcomes (death, illness, and morbidity) were reported. The results of this review were threatened by the risk of play of chance (play of chance). The results show that when box-Model trainees are taught to do a task, they take less time to do the task (three studies, 36 people), but it is not clear if this is a cost-effective. There is no clear evidence that this is helpful in terms of time spent on the job. There was not enough data to be sure that the time spent by trainee on the task was reduced by the use of a box. There appears to be no clear difference in how much time trainee trainees take to do each task. The impact of this on
This review of two randomised clinical trials found no evidence to show that the use of corticostimulants through nasobiliary tube is helpful. In fact, there is some evidence that it may be harmful.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with better outcomes in terms of survival (time to death) in people with COPD. However, more research is needed.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that participants who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls, 15 studies showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) intervention participants drank one unit per occasion less than control participants. There was no evidence of a difference in alcohol consumption at the end of the study. The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital interventions to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (6%). Over half of the interventions (n = 21, 51%) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. There were no studies that reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. Limited reporting of theory use was unrelated to heterogeneity in intervention effectiveness. There is evidence that digital interventions may lower alcohol consumption, with an average reduction of up to three (UK) standard drinks per week compared to control participants, but the quality of the evidence was moderate. Substantial heterogeneity and risk of bias in the studies may mean the reduction was lower. The quality of evidence from fewer studies suggested there may be little or no difference in impact on alcohol consumption between digital and
We included 24 studies in the review with 4233 participants. The studies compared benzodiazepines with placebo (a pretend treatment) in people who had panic attacks. We found that people treated with a benzo-amine-like drug were more likely to be able to respond to treatment, and more people were able to stop taking their drug. However, the dropout rate was lower with benzo acids than with a fake drug. We did not find any evidence that people who took benzo drugs were less likely to have side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as low. We assessed all studies to be at an unclear risk of bias. We judged 20 of the 24 studies to have a high risk of being at high risk. We also judged the quality to be low for the other outcome measures. The main reasons for this are that we did not have enough data, and we could not be certain that the studies were of high quality. We could not tell if people taking benzo oil were more or less likely, for example, to be more or fewer people who stopped taking the drug. The results of this review should be treated with some care. We recommend that people with panic attacks should choose their treatment on their own. The choice should be guided by the patient's preference, and people should balance the benefits and harms of the treatment in the long-term.
We found 13 small trials (1520 participants randomised) that compared tai chi with no tai-chi. The studies were of short duration and differed in the way they were done. Seven studies included 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited 903 people at high risk of falling, people who were at risk of high-risk of low blood pressure, people with high-blood pressure, and people with liver and kidney disease. There were no deaths or all-cause deaths. There was some suggestion that tai Chi may reduce blood pressure and other CVD risks, but this was not consistent across the studies. We found no clear evidence of a difference in the risk of CVD. We did find that there was a small decrease in blood lipids, but the results of the trials were not consistent. We could not be sure if tai Ching improves blood lipid levels or improves quality of life. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There are currently no long-term trials examining taichi for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. The limited evidence available currently does not allow conclusions to be drawn as to the effectiveness of tai ching on CVD risk factors. More longer-term, high-quality trials are needed.
This review looked at the effects of family-based interventions to help prevent young people from starting to smoke. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found 27 studies that tested different family interventions. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Twenty-three studies were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based family interventions provided to all participants. These two groups of studies were considered separately. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. We were unable to extract data from all studies in a format that allowed inclusion in a meta-analysis. There was moderate quality evidence that family interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a no intervention control. Nine studies (4810 participants) reporting smoking uptake amongst baseline non-smokers could be pooled, but eight studies with about 5000 participants could not be pooled because of insufficient data. The pooled estimate detected a significant reduction in smoking behaviour in the intervention arms. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. Estimates for the medium and low intensity subgroups were similar but confidence intervals were wide. Two studies in which some of the 4487 participants already had smoking experience at baseline did not detect evidence of effect. Eight studies (18,500 participants) compared a combined family plus school intervention to a school intervention only. Of the three studies with data, two studies with outcomes for 2301 baseline never smokers detected evidence of an effect and one study with data for 1096 participants not restricted to never users at baseline also detected a benefit. The other five studies with 18,500 people did not report data in a way that could be combined. One study also compared a family intervention
We included three studies with a total of 451 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a range of other corticostimulants (drugs that block the action of the drug) to placebo. The studies were of low to very low risk of bias. We found that people who took corticosteroids for eight days did not have as much or no more nausea as those who did not. However, this result was not significant. We could not be sure if this was due to the fact that the people taking the drugs were sick, or if they were taking them in the same way. We did not find any evidence that people were more or less sick when they took the drugs. We also found no evidence that there were more side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence from the three studies from low to high. We downgraded the quality due to lack of data, small number of people in the studies, and imprecision.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children with HIV, cystitis, and cysts. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345 participants), one each of sickle cell, cancer, and low birth weight (40) and low-birth-weight (40). The studies lasted from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence was moderate. There was no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events with the use of antifungal drugs. In children with lung disease, there was no difference in the rate of death. There were no differences in the risk of lung infection. In the one study of children with sickle cells, a lower rate of lung disease was found with the treatment of co-trimoxazole. In low- birth weight children, there were no major side effects. There is no evidence of an increased risk of the emergence of harmful strains of Pseudomonas infections. There are no data on the effect of the treatment on growth. We found that there was some evidence that there is a reduction in the number of deaths in children who have lung disease. There may be an increase in risk of side effects, but there was not enough data to be sure. We are not sure if there is an effect on growth or not. We do not know if there are any side effects from the treatment.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 519 participants. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxide or carbon oxide (three trials), four to room (one trial), and one to room air (one). Three trials compared nitrous and carbon oxide with a control group. Four trials compared room air or room air with a group of people who were given a standard gas (cold gas). The trials were at low risk of bias. None of the trials was of high quality. There was insufficient evidence to determine if the use of nitrous (or both) or carbon (or neither) gas (pneural) was beneficial for people who had a paclitaxel. We could not combine data from three trials (140 people). We found that people who got nitrous, or both, had less pain on the first post-operative day with room air than people who did not. We did not find any evidence of a difference in the risk of death, serious adverse events, or surgical complications. We found no evidence that room air was harmful. We were unable to combine data on the effects of nitric or carbon gas (three studies; 140 people). There were no serious side effects (such as heart attacks, stroke, or death) or complications (such a heart attack). We did find that people had less low-back pain (pain on a scale of 1 to 10) when they got room (or either) air (pneumon) air. We rated this as low- or very-low- or low-or-low for all outcomes. We also found that there was no difference (for pain) on a 1- to 10-point scale (a scale of pain scale (1 to 10). We rated the quality of the evidence for pain as low, low, very low, or low. We do not know if room air is safe. We are uncertain if the effect of room- or room
This review identified 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of corticosteroids in pre term preterm preterm infants. Eight RCTs investigated the dose of dexamethasone given. Five studies compared a high dose with a low dose. Four other RCT studies compared the timing of the start of the drug treatment. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. The review found that a moderate dose of cortics given to preterm babies with a high risk of BPD was associated with an increased risk of developing BPD and abnormal development of the brain. The two RCTS investigating a high versus a moderate dosage of dexamsethasones showed no differences in outcomes. The other four studies investigating different doses of dexasone showed no difference in outcomes between a moderate- and a low-dosage regimen. Four studies investigating early initiation of dexamazethason therapy compared with a moderately early or delayed initiation showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. Two RTCs investigating a continuous versus a pulse dexasepine regimen showed an increased rate of the combined outcome death or BPD when using the pulse therapy. Finally, two trials investigating a standard regimen versus a participant-individualized course of dex amethasons showed no clear differences in long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher-dosages of cortices on the incidence of B PD and neurodevelopment, recommendations on the optimal type of corticaosteroid, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation for the prevention of BDP in preterm infant cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large RCT is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal corticostimol dosage regimen. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of
This review of trials found that there was little evidence that steroid drugs reduce the risk of heart valve lesions. However, the trials were of poor quality and had a high risk of bias. The review authors recommend that new trials should be carried out.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure, which is a type of spray, found that it was more effective than no treatment. However, this was not shown in a more recent study. One study found that a small amount of spray reduced trachomas by 55% to 61%. However, there were some concerns with the way the study was done. There was also some concern that the way it was reported, which means that we cannot be certain of the results. There is some evidence from two trials, which have shown that spraying insects to kill the flies, is an effective way to reduce trchoma. There are no trials on the use of latrines, which has not shown that it is an important way to control trchomatosis. Health education has shown a significant reduction of trachoma in one study but another study did not demonstrate similar findings. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of trchomas.
This review found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue in CFS. CBT may be more effective than other therapies in reducing fatigue, and may be better than usual care. The evidence base at follow-up is small, and the results of the studies were mixed. There is a lack of evidence to guide the choice of CBT for CFS treatment.
We found one randomised controlled trial (clinical study where participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) which included 46 people with HbSS (HbSC, HbSC and HbSβ+thal) who were randomised to receive either a vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or a placebo (fake vitamin D). The study lasted six weeks. Of the 46 people in the study, 37 of the 39 people who had been recruited before the start of the study had to leave the study before the end. The study was at a high risk of bias. The vitamin D group had a higher 25-hydroxyl-hydrovitamin D (25(OH)D) levels (29.79 (95% CI 26.63 to 32.95), 16 weeks (95%) and at 24 weeks (15.52 (95%). We found no difference in 25-OHD levels at the end (24.52) between the vitamin D and placebo groups. The quality of the evidence for this outcome was moderate. There was no significant difference in the number of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between groups, but the quality of this evidence was low. Regarding the frequency of pain days, the vitamin group had significantly fewer pain days compared to the placebo group, but again the evidence was of low quality. Furthermore, the review included physical functioning PedsQL scores which was reported as absolute change from baseline. The Vitamin D group was rated as having a lower health-related quality of life score than the placebo groups but this was not significant at eight weeks, 16 weeks and 24 weeks. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. The included study was of poor quality. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplementation (e.g. the Endocrine Society
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared two treatments: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme 3 (NDP-3; ReST) and ReST. This study recruited 26 children with mild-to severe CAS. The study was funded by the Australian Research Council, the University of Sydney and the Douglas and Lola (Lola) and Nadia (N Nadia) Verrall (Madame Verralli) Memorial Fellowship. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and language pathologist between one month or four months after the end of treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of word accuracy, speech production consistency and the accuracy of connected speech. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP-3 for accuracy of production on non-treated words, but the study did not assess functional communication. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-2 and Re ST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children aged 4 to 12 years with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence base. Similarly, further RCTS are needed of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias.
This review included four studies that randomised a total of 268 people with toxoplasmosis. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults (both men, and women) and in the UK in both men, people were treated with a course of pyrimethamine (a drug) for four weeks. The other three studies (UK, US, and Brazil) were at a high risk of bias. We judged these three small studies to be at a low or unclear risk of being at low risk of having an effect on the results. One of the three studies, in Brazil, was at high risk. In the UK, the UK and US studies were at low- to unclear risk. We found no good- evidence that the use of pyrmethamine or pyretamine plus trisulfapyride to treat people with retinochoritis leads to better vision. There was no good evidence that it leads to a decrease in the risk of a new case of toxoplasma. We did find that people who took pyromethine or trisulphine for eight weeks were less likely to have an eye infection. There may be little or no effect on vision in people with active toxoplasmal disease. There is not enough data to be sure that the treatment with pyrketamine, trisuridine, or trishuride leads to any benefit. There were some side effects, such as a fall in red blood cell counts, a drop in platelet counts, and white blood cell count, and loss. There seems to be no evidence of an effect of the treatment on the risk for people who have had a flare up of the disease. We are not able to draw any firm conclusions on the effects of treatment with these drugs. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most of the outcome measures. The main reasons for this were the small numbers of people in the studies, poor
We included 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3749 people. Twenty-two trials compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative (fracture) and later fracture (reoperations), and with a higher reoperation rate. The SHS was found to be more stable, but had a higher risk of wound infection. There was no major difference in wound infection, death, wound closure, wound wound and medical complications. None of the 10 trials (1491 people) of nail versus hip screw compared for people with non- trochanteric (non-surgic) bone fractures were found. Two trials (65 people) found that nails with a fixed angle plate (intramedullary) may be more likely to heal more quickly than nails with an angle nail. There is no evidence that the SHS is more stable than the sub-tartar nail. Further studies are needed.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included. It analysed data for 47 women who received either pallidoprostol (a drug that is used to treat cancer) or a drug that has been shown to prolong life. The study was of low quality. It found that women who were given palidopropol had a better survival than women who had been given the drug, but this was not clear from the study. The results of the study did not show that the women had more side effects. The review did not find that women with poor health were more likely to be excluded from the surgery. We found no evidence that one of the two forms of care, palliative (surgical) or medical (medicine), is better than the other. We are not sure if one form of care is better, but we do know that there is some weak support for the use of surgery. More research is needed to find out which is the best way to treat this type of cancer. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared statins with no statins. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS. Two trials (184 women) studied the effects of simvastatin, and two trials (60 women) looked at the same drug, the statin, atorvastat. There was no good evidence to show that statins improve the number of women's periods, the time to start or stop taking them, hirsutism, acne, weight gain or weight loss. There were no data to show if there was any effect of statins on weight gain. There is a need for more RCTs to be done to find out if there is any benefit from statins in terms of weight loss, weight loss or fat loss.
We searched scientific databases for studies of palliative treatments to control the bleeding of the cervix. We found no new studies. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of pneuma-soaked packs, formalin-soaks, radioplasty, or other pneum-dissolving packs, radiotherapies, or any of the other treatments, for the control of the flow of blood. We need to conduct a trial to find out if pneumatic treatments are effective in women with advanced cancer. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of these treatments. We also found no studies that compared pneumatoid arthritis-type treatments with radiotherapeutic treatments. There are no trials that have been done to compare pneutropine with other treatments. The choice of an intervention will be made on a case by case basis. Radiotherapy is a standard treatment for the treatment of bleeding, but it is not widely available in resource-poor countries. Thus, we need a trial that is of high quality. We included in this review a trial with a high risk of bias. The trial should be of good quality. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014.
This review of trials found that, compared to radiotherapy alone, temzolomide is an effective treatment for GBM. In patients with GBM, it prolongs the time it takes for tumours to grow back (time to shrink) and slow the growth of tumours (time until the tumour has spread) and has an effect on QoL. It does not seem to have an impact on the patient’s health. In people with HGG, it may have a small effect on the time the HGG takes to get worse. It may have no effect on health. It is not clear if it has an impact in people with other forms of GBM or HGG. In the elderly, it seems to be as good as the older standard treatment for the treatment of HGG but with more side effects.
We found two studies that examined the effectiveness of contracting-in, a public-sector health care contract, for the purpose of improving health care use in the district. We found that private contracts (where health care is provided by a non-profit group of health workers) with non-state or non-government groups (NGOs) for district health systems (e.g., health care workers) may improve health care access and use. We also found that training health care managers (intermittently) in a series of training courses (18 months or more) may have an effect on health care performance. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of other strategies to keep health workers in their jobs. We conclude that there is some low to very low-quality low- or low-risk, low-cost, non-market-based research that shows that contract-in may be helpful for health care users in some settings. There is low- to low-to-very low-scale research that has shown that the use of contracts for the provision of health care may be improved. There are no studies that have looked at how to keep district health workers and health workers out. More research is needed to find out if there are ways to keep these people in place. The quality of the studies was low.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as this is a type of study, this could not be done. All three studies reported on deaths, and deaths were found in two of the studies. There was no clear evidence that there was a difference in the risk of death (deaths) between the treatment groups. There were also some evidence that people who were treated with surgery had less chest pain, chest tightness (chest pain), and tracheostomy (tracheostomies). The length of time spent on a breathing tube, length of stay in an ICU, and length of the stay in the ICU were all measured. We found that there is some evidence from three small studies that suggests that surgery may be better than non-surgery for people with COPD. More well-designed, large, and well-conducted studies are needed to confirm these results.
Cerivastatin is a drug that lowers cholesterol by lowering blood lipids (badges) by lowering the levels of LDL (badger-derived lipids) and triglyceride (a type of fat). We found 50 trials (19 RCTs (19 randomised trials, 31 before- and-after studies) that studied the dose-related effects of cervastatin in 12,877 people. The people in the trials were of any age. The trials lasted three to 12 weeks. We found that, when the drugs were compared to each of the three main drugs (fluvastatins, atorvastins and rutosavastatin), cerivastsatin was about 250-fold more potent at reducing cholesterol compared to fluvastin, 20-fold stronger at reducing atorvisastatin and 5.5-fold at reducing triglycerides compared to rosuvastatis. We also found that cerivastaatin was 233-fold better at reducing total cholesterol compared with fluvastsatin, 18-fold greater at reducing the total cholesterol and six-fold higher at reducing tracheas. There was no difference between the doses of cerivastatis and placebo in terms of the number of people who dropped out of the trials due to side effects. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. We did not have enough data to be able to assess harms associated with the drugs because of the short duration of the studies and the lack of reporting of side effects in 42% of the RCTS.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning made little or no difference to the reduction of serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients who received remote iliac clamping. It is uncertain whether remote ischemic preconditionsing by cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low. Only two of 15 studies reported any adverse effects (6/1999 patients in the remote ileic precontitioning group and 1/1994 patients in control group) and the remaining 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group. Compared to control, remote ischchaemic pre-surgical intervention made little to no difference in the need for kidney dialysis (13 studies, 2417 patients), length of stay in hospital (8 studies, 920 patients), or death (24 studies, 4931 patients). Remote ischaemia preconditional intervention may have slightly improved the incidence in patients with acute kidney injuries using either the AKIN or RIFLE criteria (3 studies, 1586 patients). The evidence suggests that remote ilesic precondicioning appears to be a safe method, and probably leads to little or little difference in serum creatinsine, side effects, and adverse effects in patients undergoing major cardiac and vascular surgery in which renal ischaesis reperfusion injury may occur. Overall we had moderate-high certainty evidence however the available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote ishaemorrhage precondixing in reducing renal injury. The quality of evidence was moderate to high for most outcomes. Risk of bias assessment indicated unclear to low risk of bias for most studies. For consistency regarding the direction of effects, continuous outcomes with negative values,
We included 12 trials with 703 participants. Eight trials investigated the efficacy of treatments for PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons (four trials (244 people) provided data that could be used to combine). The other four trials (248 people) looked at the effect of other symptoms, such as sleep apnoea, but did not show that any of these treatments were helpful. There were no trials that looked at preventing PSF. We found that there was not enough data to be sure that any treatments were effective. Some of the treatments described in this review were possible in people with stroke. However, the trials to date have been small, and some have had a high risk of bias. More research is needed.
We found three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 infants. The number of infants included in the trials was very small. The trials were of uncertain quality. The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials. One study (Hu 1999) showed that the combination of insulin (two doses) and cation-exchange resins (one dose) was more effective than the use of rectal resins. In this study, there was no difference in the risk of death. In the study of Hu (1999), there was a small decrease in the rate of blood clots (in the brain). In one study (1999) there was an increase in the number of babies who had a haemorrhage. In one (1999, Hu 1999) there were no major side effects. No serious side effects were noted. The combination of the two drugs, insulin and glucose (two dose) and albutersol (three dose) (one treatment), was found to be better than the rectal-resin (one drug) for the treatment of low blood pressure. The two drugs were not tested in the same trials. We found no trials that looked at the use other treatments (diuretics, transfusions of blood, exchange transfusion, peritoneal haemodilators or peritoneals). The trials did not report on the effects of these treatments on the health of preterm infants. In view of the small number of studies, the results of this review should be treated with some care. Further research is needed to confirm the benefits and harms of these drugs.
This review of trials found that IVIg given within two weeks of onset of the disease hastens the disease's recovery, as much as PE, but that PE does not seem to be as helpful. In children, IVIG is more likely than PE to hasten the disease’s healing. There is no evidence that PE is more effective in people with milder disease. There are no trials in people who have had a stroke. More research is needed. Dose-ranging studies are also needed. One is in progress and one is already completed. The evidence is current to September 2013.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants). In 21 of these trials, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of 'high' or 'low' (or 'routine') airway pressure (high) or a routine (low) flow (routine) flow of air. We found that a high flow of high-flow or 'high,' or both, was no more or less likely to lead to death than a low flow of low-flow (or "routine") air. The risk of death was the same in both groups. In the trials with a low-risk of bias, a highflow or high-fractional flow was no less or no less likely than a standard flow (or low) flow. Similarly, when we looked at all trials, we did not find that high flow or a high-volume flow (high or low) was more likely to cause death. We did not see an effect of high flow/high-flow/low-flow air on the risk of surgical site infections. We also did not observe an effect on the length of stay in the hospital. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low, which means we are less certain of the results. We do not know if high flow flow or high flow is better than low flow flow/low flow air for the treatment of people who are having a caesarean. We are also not sure if high flows or high flows are more or no flow flow for people who have had a heart attack.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials involving 3258 children with OME. Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion in this review. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, which left 23 of these trials (3258 children) with a wide range of antibiotics, patients, and time points. The trials were carried out in a number of countries. We found that children who took oral antibiotics were more than twice as likely to have their OME complete at two to three months, and were less likely to need to be re-tied to a ventilator. We also found that there was some low- to middle-of-the-way-back evidence (albeit, of low quality) from five trials (742 children) that there were more side effects (such as mild diarrhoea, rash and skin rash) in children who were treated with oral antibiotics. We did not find any data on speech, language and brain development. We could not tell from these trials if there was an effect on the short- and long-term hearing. There was no data on the impact of oral antibiotics on other important short- or long- term outcomes, such as speech, speech, and language, and on the effects of OME on the child's quality of life. We judged most of the studies to be at low to moderate risk of bias. The evidence is up- to-date as of February 2015.
This review found that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow the rate of kidney failure in people with type 1 and 2 diabetes. However, the results are not conclusive. We found no data on the effects of protein intake on health-related quality- of-life. The results of this review should be viewed with caution. Further research is needed to answer this question.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder score system. Within the subgroup of people with mild brain injury, we found that most people made a good recover from their brain injury in the short-term, when they were given appropriate advice and support. For people with more severe brain injury who were already in hospital, we also found that people who had been there for a while had made gains. We found that those who were still in hospital and had not yet been discharged were more likely to make gains. People who had not been in hospital for long, and those who had only been there a short time, had made better gains. For those with milder symptoms, people who were in the hospital for a long time, they made gains when they had been given advice, support, and support in the form of a group of peers. We also found a trend towards a group-based model of care, in which people were given a specific type of treatment, such as a group therapy, and a group group of people were put into a group to share the work with. This type of care is known to be an effective way of helping people to cope with their problems. We did not find any clear evidence that the type of group therapy or the way in which it was carried out was better than the group therapy. We do not know which type of service is best, and we are not sure how much it costs. We need more research to find out which treatments work best.
We included one randomised controlled trial involving 176 women. The trial compared rooming-in versus separate care. The women were assigned to one of four groups in a random fashion. Three of the four groups were given the intervention (rooming-in) and one group was the control. We combined the results of three of the groups and found that there was no difference in the number of infants that were breastfed at the end of the trial. We found that the women who were roomed in had a higher rate of breastfeeds per day on day four of the postpartum than those who were treated in the control group. There were no data on the duration of breast feeding at six months. The rate of exclusive breastfeed on the last day before discharge from hospital was higher in the roomed-in group (99 of 115 women) compared with the separate care group (17 of 38 women). We found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in versus separate treatment for mother-infant separation. The quality of the evidence was low. Further well-designed trials are needed.
This review of trials found that sanchi may be beneficial for acute ischaemic stroke. However, the small number of trials included in this review, the poor quality of the trials, and the small sample of people in the trials prevented a firm conclusion.
This review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to determine the best time to put in an implant. There is a suggestion that implant placement may be at higher risk of implant failure, complications, and cost. There may be some evidence that the appearance of the teeth might be better when implants are put in just after they have been taken out.
We found two trials that compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 people with mild Alzheimer’s disease. One trial compared PBT1 with placebo and found that there was no difference in the mean change from the start of the trial in the ADS-Cog score. There was some evidence that PBT2, a newer drug, was more effective than the older PBT. There were some concerns about the way the trial was done. The second trial of PBT 2 was more well conducted. It showed that after 12 weeks this drug was safe, and that it was not harmful. There is no evidence as to whether PBT has any effect on cognition, and there is not enough data to be sure that it is safe. We have some concerns that the study was too small to be of high quality. Larger, well-conducted, and well-reported trials are needed.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in this review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks to 12 months. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. Two trials specifically included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear benefits in PAH. There was a small improvement in walking distance in 6MWD in those with PH due to lung disease. There were no evidence of a difference in lung disease or death. However, there was an increased risk of side effects with PDE 5 inhibitors. These side effects include headache, nausea, vomiting, flushing, muscle pain, joint pain, and muscle pain. The quality of the studies was low. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injection techniques for axillary plexus block surgery. We found evidence that nerve stimulation is more effective than either double or single injection techniques in reducing the failure of anaesthesia to work properly. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. The quality of the evidence was high for anaesthesia failure and incomplete motor block, and high for tourniquet pain. There were no differences between groups in the time to readiness for surgery, complications and patient discomfort. The time for block performance was shorter for single injection and double injections, but there was no difference in time to ready for surgery. The risk of bias in the included trials was generally high. The most common areas of weakness were in blinding and allocation concealment.
We found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. All three studies lasted 7-12 months. In all three studies, the children were treated with be clomiphene or Diskhaler and the average decrease in growth was 1.54 cm (95% CI -1.15, -1). The average decrease, calculated through meta-analysis, was -1 cm (range 95% CI 0.15 to 1.94 cm). In children who had mild asthma, the average growth decrease was 1 cm per year (range 0.5 to 2 cm). These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in the growth rate is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. We recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's asthma and closely following growth.
This review of three trials (139 patients) found that APD has not been shown to be any more or less safe than CAPD. APD may be considered advantageous in select group of patients, such as those in the younger PD and those in employment, due to its psychosocial advantage.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of survival (OS) and PFS (time to death) and SM. The superiority of CRT also applied to early (I-II) HD patients (mainly in the first stage) and to those with IIIA (i.e. IIIA and III to IV) separately. The risk of SM was higher with CRT, but not significant for early stages alone. This effect was also seen in AL and ST separately. For advanced stages (III to IV), CRT better prevents progression/relapse but not OS.  Data were insufficient to compare RT to CT.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy. Reduced SM risk after IF-RT instead of EF-RT was not shown. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of the use of many old treatments (e.g. chemotherapy) and the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious with these results.
This review included 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trials, and the other was an RCT (RCT) comparing two different types of drugs. Opioids were given by mouth, through the skin, or through a vein. Many patients stopped taking their drugs due to side effects (e.g. nausea and headache) or insufficient pain relief. However, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue taking their opioids (or both) for long term pain relief can. Whether quality of life or function improves is not clear. Many minor side effects, such as nausea, pain, and headache, occur, but these are rare. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants. The trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with a placebo (a substance with 98% starch (2%) and 98% calcium (2%). The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) and had a mean age of 58.4. The participants had spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers. The study was stopped early when the futility analysis (interim review) of the trial found that the oxanolone did not help the ulcers heal. We are not sure of the effect of oxandolone on ulcers and we are also not sure if it has an effect on the risk of side effects. We also do not know if it is harmful. We rated the certainty of the evidence for the main outcome of the review, which was the complete ulcer-wound healing, as low. This means we have very little confidence. We downgraded the certainty due to the small size of the study, which means that we are not certain of the results. We graded the certainty as low for the other outcomes. We judged the evidence to be of low or very low quality. The main reasons for this are that we do not have enough data, and the trial was not well designed. We need more well-designed, large, well-conducted trials.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail, and two to usual care. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. The evidence on the use of email for the prevention of disease, health promotion, and health care uptake was weak. There was no difference in uptake of health care screening by people who were screened by email or by those who were not. There were no data on the harms of email to people, or on the health care professionals. There is no clear evidence on how email can help people with health problems to be more aware of their health, and to take care of their healthcare needs.
This review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their treatment. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo (a measure of how well the treatment works). There was also no clear evidence that the use of mastoid-oscopy (a method to adjust the head of the neck) was better than Epley-style posture. There were no reports of side effects. There is some support for the routine use of post-epley restrictions in the EpleY manoeuvre. There are no clear results on the use or lack of use of extra steps in the 'augmented' form. The review found that an Epleysurgery manoeuvre alone is effective in just under 80% of patients with typical BPPV. The addition of postural restriction does not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised. Specific patients who experience discomfort due to wearing a cervical collar and inconvenience in sleeping upright may be treated with the Eley manoeuvre only and still expect to be cured in most instances. Further studies should employ a rigorous randomisation technique, blinded outcome assessment, and longer-term follow-up of patients.
We found four studies that compared different types of surgery versus other treatments. The studies were conducted in the USA, and included a total of 231 people. All participants were adults with chronic rhino-nose disease. The evidence is current to May 2014. The four studies compared different surgical treatments versus various types and doses of steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery versus systemic steroids (one study, 109 participants); (2) polypectomy versus systemic steroid (two studies, 87 participants); and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid (one small study, 35 participants). All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. Although there were important differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies, there were similar results in terms of patient-reported symptom scores and quality of life scores. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain. As the overall evidence is of very low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem is justified.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 709 people. Seven trials were from middle-income countries (Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America). The trials lasted between one and nine months. Four trials compared the effect of adding zinc to foods with other foods (zinc) with the same foods with no zinc. Four of the trials compared zinc-fortified staple foods with foods with zinc plus other foods. The trials were of low or unclear or high quality. The evidence is up to date as of August 2016. The studies did not report on zinc deficiency. The addition of zinc to wheat flour did not reduce the proportion of people who were underweight or who were stunted. People consuming foods fortified with zinc versus people consuming the same food without zinc had similar rates of underweight and stunting. No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with minerals on indicators of iron or copper status. We did not find a difference in serum or plasma zinc levels in people consuming foods with iron and zinc compared with people consuming food with other nutrients or factors without zinc. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. We rated the quality of evidence as low for zinc deficiency, low for underweight, and low for stunting, because of the small number of trials and participants in each trial.
We included 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic disease. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies compared the use of non-steroidal antiandrogens with medical or surgical castration for men with advanced prostate cancer. The results of the studies suggest that men with prostate cancer treated with non-stimulant drugs are less likely to die from their disease than those treated with castration alone. However, the evidence is of moderate quality. The risk of treatment discontinuation due to side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes, was increased when men with cancer that had spread to other parts of the body were treated with antiandrogen drugs compared with those who received castration. The quality of evidence for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure was rated as moderate according to GRADE. The effects of the drugs on cancer-specific survival and biochemical progression remained unclear. The use of antiandocrine drugs for advanced cancer is likely to have an important impact on results for patients with advanced but non-metastatic prostate cancer, but further research is likely not necessary.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared screening with no screening. We found eight eligible trials. The trials included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a reduction in deaths from breast cancer at 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal risk of bias showed a reduction. The evidence is current to September 2013. The overall quality of the trials was low. The trial with adequate risk of biased results did not find an effect of screening on total cancer mortality or on all-cause mortality after 10 years. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy (data available in only two trials). If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer mortality by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk. Because of substantial advances in treatment and greater breast cancer awareness since the trials were carried out, it is likely that the absolute effect of the screening today is smaller than in the trials.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units hCG priming compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 unit hCG compared to 10.000 units of priming, and one study compared 20,500 units of Priming with 10,500 unit Priming. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies included women with PCOS (n = 122) and were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. We found no conclusive evidence that priming had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCG may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of hCG and the optimal dose and timing of primers. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision.
This review found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older post-menstrual women. There is good evidence that ERT or HRT cannot be recommended for the treatment of older women who are not suffering from dementia. It is not known if there are subgroups of people who may be more at risk of this outcome. There were no data on the effects of HRT or ERT on the prevention of cognitive decline. There was some evidence that HRT and ERT did not have specific effects on specific groups of people. There may be some benefit for some groups. However, there was no clear evidence that these effects were specific to these groups. There are too few trials to be sure that the use of ERT, HRT, or both, are effective in older people. It remains to be known if the effect of ERTs or HRIs on cognitive function is the same for all women. In the meantime, it is not clear if there is a role for HRT in women who do not have dementia. More research in this area is needed. Large RCTs are ongoing. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate/vilanterol 100/25 mcg once a day and 18 mcg/ml/ml) versus LAMA. We identified one ongoing trial with 80 people. Both trials lasted 12 weeks. We found no difference between the two inhalers for the following outcomes: mortality, COPD exacerbation (a flare up of COPD), COPD flare-up (a short-burst flare up that is the need for a short-time course of treatment), lung function tests (a test that asks people with COPD to take short-bursts of corticosteroids (e.g. corticoids) or antibiotics) or both, or both. We did not find a difference in the risk of death. We also found no differences in the number of people who had a lung attack (pneumonia). We did find that there was no difference in terms of side effects, but we did not have enough data to be sure of this. We are not confident in these results. The short-term follow-up of the studies, the very low number of studies, and the small number of events in the studies make it hard to be certain of the results.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials, with a total of 169 patients, that met the review requirements. These trials were of short duration (less than one month) and involved a total number of 169 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the Netherlands. Two of the trials were funded by the drug manufacturer, and one was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The results of the studies suggest that fluoxetine and clomipramine may be effective in reducing the severity of BDD symptoms, as well as the relapse rate. A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one trial of CBT. Results from the small number of available RCTs suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating patients with BDD. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as a range of psychological therapy approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (involuting 268 people) of cotrimoxazole prophylactics for the treatment of HIV/AIDS. The three trials were of low or very small size. In the small trials that we found, cotraceroside (a drug) was used to prevent the treatment stopping for people with a previous mild or mild hypersensitivity. The trials found that when cotricoside was used for the prophylection of HIV infections, the number of people stopping cotrifen for a course of treatment was 7.14 (range 4.0-33.0). There was a lower risk of a side effect (general side effects) in people who had a prior history of mild or moderate side effects. No severe side effects were found. We need more trials in this area.
We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns in this review. We found no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality. The trials enrolled 148 newborn infants. The duration of hospital stay was significantly longer in the midazolam group than in the placebo group (two studies, 89 infants). One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) (a measure of infant pain) score in the group of infants who had midazolate (an antiepileptic drug) given during midazoleam infusion. The other two (46) studies (46 infants) found a higher risk of death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL (death, grade IV, grade V, or IVH) at 28 days' postnat age (28 days' age) in the neonate group of midazoledam (an anti-nausea drug) and a lower risk of postnatal death (death or grade VI, or grade V) in those who had morphine (an anaesthetic). We found that there was no difference in the risk of preterm birth, birth weight, or length of stay in the NICU. We could not assess the effect of midzoleam on preterm births. We rated these trials as being at a high risk of bias.
This review of 12 trials involving 767 participants found no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea. There was a higher risk of side effects in people who were treated for NTS. There were more adverse events in those who took the antibiotic drugs. There is no clear evidence that there is a benefit for the use of antibiotics in people with NTS. We do not know if there is any effect on very young people, very old people, or people with more severe and extraintestinal disease.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in the review. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, the main diagnosis, setting, country, sepsis criteria, year of the study, and the source of infection. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias. We found that the studies varied greatly in their methods, and that we could not combine their results. We also found that some of the studies were of poor quality. We were unable to combine the data from 21 studies (3650 adults) to reach a formal estimate. We calculated that if we test 1000 adults who are not fit and well, but who are under suspicion, they will be wrongly diagnosed with sepsIS. If we test them, we will find that 330 out of 1000 will not be given an antibiotic, while 130 will be wrongly diagnosed. In the case of a group of 1000 people who are fit, 370 will not need to be treated, and 170 will not have sepsi. We could not reach any firm conclusions about the accuracy of the tests for sepsism in adults. The 20 studies that are not yet published may alter the results once they have been published and assessed.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in this review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing. The remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with most of the studies (16 trials) comparing a simple film dressings (wound contact) with film, zinc, silver, or hydrocolloid (a type of dressings) and the rest of the trials comparing other dressings. The review found that there was no clear evidence that any of the treatments were better than others in terms of the risk of SSI, wound scarring, pain, or acceptable wound dressing. There was some evidence that some of the dressings were less likely to cause infection. There is not enough data to be sure whether any of these dressings are more or less safe. The studies were small, had small numbers of people, and were often not well-conducted. We are not sure whether dressing wounds by film (or zinc) or zinc, or any other type, is better than no dressing. We do not know if dressing wounds with film or zinc is more or worse than other wound care. We found no studies that looked at the cost of the dressing, or the choice of dressing. It is not clear if dressing a wound by film or with zinc, zinc or silver, is more cost-effective, or is easier to remove. The certainty of the evidence for most of these outcomes was low. We rated the certainty as low for the main outcome, and we rated it as very low for all other outcomes. The main reasons for this were the small studies, poor study design, and not enough people.
We found two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo (a pretend tablet). The trial randomised 179 women, but outcome data were only provided for 85. Eighty-three women were randomised to each group. Sixty-one women completed the selenum arm, and 44 of them were able to complete an EPDS. The other trial, which was not funded by the company that made the tablets, randomised 126 women to three arms: 42 were given selemon, 42 to DHA (diet-rich fish oil), and 42 to a fake tablet. There was a high risk of loss to follow-up due to a large number of women dropping out of the trial. This trial found selemenium had an effect on EPDS score but did not show a difference in terms of the number of postnatal post-partum depression scores. The women who stopped taking the tablets at the first visit to the review site did not receive treatment. The trial did not find that EPA or DHA had a benefit on post-birth postpartum post-depressant scores. There is no evidence that EPA, DHA, or EICOSAPENTA (eicosapentan) have an effect in preventing post-childbirth post-postnatal postnatal depression. We found no evidence to support the use of EPA, EICO, D HA or E IC. There were no trials that looked at the use in women with other mental health problems. We are unable to draw any firm conclusions from this review.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) addressing different anthracycline durations (7 studies, 781 participants) and 4 RCTs addressing different peak doses (5280 participants). Seven studies were RCTS addressing different durations of anthrACYcline infusion durations; we identified long-term follow-up data for one of the trials in this update. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumours. For different peak dose durations, we identified two studies addressing a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 versus 60 mg or more, one RCT addressing a liposomal doxorbicine peak dose (25 mg or less than 50 mg) versus 50 mg/M2, and one study addressing an epirubicine dose of 83 mg or greater than 110 mg per m2 versus 110 mg or higher. We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of clinical heart failure compared to a shorter infusion duration. The number of participants in the studies was small, and there was a high risk of bias in all the studies. We identified no significant difference in the occurrence of heart failure in participants treated with an anthracyline dose higher than or equal to 60 mg per day. We could not find any evidence that a higher dose of anthracyle was associated with a greater risk of heart problems. We did not find evidence that different peak durations were associated with increased risk of cardiotoxicity. The quality of the evidence was very low, and we were unable to draw any conclusions about the safety of different peak dosage durations. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults, and in leukaemias and solid tumour.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Most studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most of the studies were conducted in hospital or after craniotomies. Thirty-three studies reported data for deaths, 31 studies reported unfavourable outcome (death, being left in a coma, or being in a hospital ward), and 14 studies reported the number of people who died. We did not pool the results of these studies. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all outcomes. We found that the studies varied in terms of the type of TBI, the type and duration of treatment, and the length of time that people were treated. We could not combine the results from these studies, so we could not be sure that the results were similar. We rated the evidence for death as low- or very- low- quality. We downgraded the evidence on the number who died, and we did not find high- or low- and very-low- or unclear- or uncertain-effects. The studies did not have enough people in them to be sure of the results. We were not able to assess the risk of bias in the studies. The quality of studies was poor.
This review identified three studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring tools. The results of the studies were mixed. Despite fairly good methodological quality and some of the findings of some of them, there was no clear evidence that the use of family therapy for people with depressive symptoms is better than no treatment, or a wait-list. There was, however, some evidence, from three studies that suggests that people who have been treated for depression have a lower risk of falling out of the study, and that they may be more likely to return to work, work, or both. There is a need for more research in this field.
This review identified three trials involving a total of 206 participants. All patients with vascular dementia were included in the trials. All three trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was no evidence to suggest that Duxil is effective in the treatment of people with dementia. There were no data on behaviour and death at the end of the treatment, and there were no follow-up data. There was no data to assess the effect on functional performance. Of the three trials, two trials did not show that there was an effect on the functional performance, and two trials failed to show that it had any effect. Behaviour problems, such as problems with sleep, memory, and thinking, were not reported. Due to the small number of trials, small sample size, and lack of data, this review did not find any strong support for the use of DuxIL in the routine use of people who have dementia. High- quality and large, well-conducted trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
This review found seven randomised controlled trials including 960 patients. The quality of trials was generally low, with some studies at risk of bias, and no studies using blinding. There was a high risk of play of chance in some studies. The OR for seroma formation was 0.46 (95% CI 0.23 to 0.91, P = 0.03) in favour of drains. There were no significant differences in incidence of lympho-elevation of the lymph nodes (searches) in the two groups. The length of time spent in the hospital was 1.47 days greater in the drains group. A mean of 0.79 more post-operative serum aspirations were found in the drain group. No difference in the number of post-operative haematomies (blood clots) was found. There is no evidence that drains reduce the risk of lymphoma, nor does there seem to be a difference in post-op haemo-heath. The risk of a post-surgic haemoma, which is a blood clot, was not reduced. The number of people with a postoperatively-formed serum was no different in the group with drains. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013.
This review of eight studies with 390,769 participants found conflicting evidence that flavonoid intake is harmful. There was no evidence that total flavonoids, Flavonols, and Flavanones are harmful. The results of two of the two case-control studies suggest that high intake of flavonoids may be beneficial. There is no clear evidence that high anthocyanin, procyanidin, phytoestrogen, or phythethine is harmful, but high intake may be harmful. More research is needed.
We included seven trials with a total of 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one) used the second. None of the included trials mentioned our main outcome. However, regarding the other outcomes, we found that the length of the treatment period was longer in the group of patients who had been on a course of treatment for 72 weeks. The length of treatment did not change how well the patients stuck to the treatment. There was no reporting on deaths. There were too few data to be sure that the effects were due to chance. There is a need for more research in this field.
We found two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the accuracy of EUS. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy in EUS for the treatment of people with pancreatic and periampullary cancer. There was low concern that EUS could be applied to people with other cancer. We found that there is uncertainty in the utility of EU in people with pancreas found to have tumours on CT scan. There were no studies on the use of EUs in people who have periampsullar (head and neck) or lung cancer. Based on two small studies, we are uncertain as to how accurate EUS is for the treatments of people found to be resectable.
This review identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that evaluated the effects of different treatments. There were 20 studies (14 RCTs and 6 CCTs) that included 1661 people. These studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. There was no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blephritis. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blepharyitis. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic pain relief for anterior and posterior blephareitis. The effectiveness of other treatments for blephharitis, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. Despite identifying 34 studies related to treatments for chronic bleharryitis, there is no evidence that any of these treatments are effective in curing bleharyitis, and commercial products are marketed to consumers and prescribed to patients without substantial evidence of effectiveness. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments. Any RCT designed for this purpose should separate participants by type of condition (e.g. staphylococcal blephinitis or MGD) in order to minimize imbalances between groups (type I errors) and to achieve statistical power for analyses (prevent type II errors). Medical interventions and commercial product should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures, such in warm compresses and eyelid washing, to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly.
We found only one study with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease) were measured. There was no significant difference in the groups. Adverse effects were reported in the study. One child with severe RRP required an airway tube for swelling. There is not enough evidence from randomised trials to be sure that photodynamic therapy can alter the course of RRP or that it is an added extra treatment for RRP. More research is needed.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided information on the accuracy of CDUS. Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy (how well) of CDU. These studies were of moderate to low quality. In six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the test or the standard was not clear; and in 12 (12%) of them, the reading of the test was not clearly stated. In eight (18%) of these, the tests were not well reported. Eleven studies evaluated how well CE-CDUS works. The studies were better quality than CDUS: five (45%), five (50%) studies were well reported, four (36%) did not clearly state how well the tests are done; and two (18%), did not report how long the tests took to perform. The results of the review show that CDUS is better than CDU for ruling in endoleaks. In addition, the two tests are more accurate than CT scan. In an endoleak program, CDUS can be used as a routine method of screening for endoleAKs.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants. All studies reported on low back pain in labour only. Methodological quality was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete data, and poor study design. All seven studies found that women who had been given a single dose of saline (salt water) were more likely to have pain relief with the use of sterile water. There was no difference in the rate of caesarean sections (four studies, two sub-substaneous, and one both), or in the number of women with a 4/10 cm (1.6 in 10 cm) or more (50% or more) or better pain relief. One study found that more women had a pain-free birth by 4.5 cm with sterile water than with saline water. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with saline. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of using sterile water to relieve pain during labour.
We included 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants in this review. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies compared glue with sutures for mesh fixation in people with Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain after the operation compared with suture. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the glue group compared with the suture group. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. Fixation with glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. We also investigated adverse events. For superficial wound infection, we found no significant difference between the groups. Furthermore, we investigated seroma (a swelling caused by fluid) and persisting numbness. Finally, six trials involving 1009 participants reported postoperative length of stay, resulting in non-significant difference between groups. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and biological glue. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all outcomes. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk of bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of evidence for the outcomes is moderate.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of the effects of the 'package' of methods. Only three of the studies were of high quality. A package of largely unspecified methods applied between the time of acceptance of a paper and its reporting was found to be beneficial in two studies. Providing clear instructions to the authors was linked to a better reporting of their ethics in two of the three studies. A 'package of methods' of 'package','structuring,' 'planning', and 'plan of action', applied to the papers at the time they were accepted for use in the journal, improved their reading in two. However, it did not seem to have an effect on the quality of the papers. The review found that more intense methods, such as more complex planning, and a package of methods, were found to improve the papers, but there was no evidence that they had an impact on their quality. There is some evidence that the 'pack' of tools used by the journals does improve the articles, but more research is needed to be sure of this.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to a wide range of cancers. All studies were performed on adults; there were no children. The included studies were of good quality, but all but one were small, short-term, and had problems with their methods. We found that codeine is more effective than a dummy pill, but with side effects such as pain, nausea, and constinence. There were three deaths, all due to the cancer. There was insufficient data for us to be sure of the effect of codeine on pain. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low. We did not find any studies that had been carried out in a way we could use in the review. The studies we found were small and of short duration. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
This review identified 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one non-routine quasi-randomized trial). A total of 12 trials, with 563 people with HbSS, HbSC, or HbSβTH, with a mean age of 6 to 35 years old, were included. Interventions ranged from a one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks. The average age of the participants in the trials was between 35 and 45 years. The majority of participants were African-American. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea and the United Kingdom. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high for patient knowledge and caregiver knowledge. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in a sensitivity analysis. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial of 20 families, also showed an improvement. The effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect on caregivers' knowledge was not sustained. There were two primary outcomes related to the effectiveness of educational programs on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related morbidity. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs or symptoms leading to self-management. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and showed no evidence of an effect. With regard to the review's secondary outcomes, depression showed a statistically significant decline in intervention groups, which was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. This review identified important positive effects of educational interventions on improving patient knowledge
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more groups) with 2411 people. All six studies were conducted in adults (16 and 80 years) with drug-resistant focal epilepticus. All studies were of short length. The duration of the studies was 7-16 weeks. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found that people taking brivaracetam with codeine were more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than people taking placebo. They were also more likely than people on placebo to achieve seizure freedom. However, people taking add-on briaracetam were more than twice as likely to withdraw from treatment because of side effects compared with people taking a placebo. It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included participants with generalised epilepsy. None of the included studies included people younger than 16 years old, and all studies were short-term. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of seizure frequency, seizure freedom, and side effects. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as for the risk of participants experiencing one or more side effects, which was not significantly different following treatment with brivar acetam compared to placebo. The included studies were small and of short duration, so the findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with focal focal epilepsy. Future research should focus on investigating the tolerability and efficacy of briaractam during longer-term follow-up, and should also assess the efficacy and tolerability of brivaractam in managing other types of seizures and its use in other age groups. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias, and four to have unclear risk. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes prespecified in the trial protocol. Another study did not describe how blinding was maintained
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries. Many of these studies explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting (high confidence). Lack of information led to worry and regret (low confidence). Parents wanted to know more about the vaccine and their health (high certainty). Parents also wanted more balanced (high) and more transparent (low) information. Parents wanted the vaccine to be given to them in a more varied way (low and high) and at a wider range (low to very low) of places (low or very low confidence). They viewed health workers (high and very high confidence), and they often felt that health workers had an influence on their decisions. Parents' views of the health workers and the information they were given (high or very high) may have influenced their decisions (high, low or very moderate). Some of the studies found that some of the parents were more likely to vaccinate, and some were less willing (low- or very-low-confidence). Some parents found it hard to trust the sources they received the information, and this may have led to less vaccination (low, very low, or low-confidence) in the results. We have high or very little doubt about the results, and we have some concerns that the results may change with more research.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 599 participants. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now have three new trials. Two of these trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and the quality of the trials was poor. The results suggest that treatment with TAU (a non-eating treatment) may be less efficacious than treatment with a non-eating specialist (such as a therapist with an eating disorder). There was a suggestion in one trial (40 people) that TAU might be better than a form of therapy known as 'focal' (where thoughts and feelings are guided by the patient's own thoughts) but this is not yet clear. There was no clear evidence that any specific treatment was better or worse than the others. The risk of drop-out from the studies was low. There were no clear benefits or harms of dietary advice. The trials did not show that specific treatments were more or less helpful than each other. There is a need for more research in this field.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised trials. One trial was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial (151 adults) compared the use of either a mixture of perfluoropropane gas (F6.H8) (a gas that looks like oil) with either a heavy (1000 centistokes) or a light (5000 centistoke) oil (perfluorofenac (SF6.8)) to a light-weight (C.3F8). The second trial (271 adults) was a multi-centre trial, which was conducted at two centres. The third trial (94 adults), which was also from the USA, was funded by the German Research Foundation. All three trials were free of bias. The first trial had a large number of people who were not able to be included in the final results, which may have led to bias. There were no major problems with the trials. None of the trials used masking. The two USA trials did not report on side effects. In the third trial, there were no differences in the number of side effects between the groups. There was no evidence of a difference between the two groups in terms of macular attachment. The use of a light weight (1000- to 5000-centstoke) or heavy (500-centistoke, 1000 centistokers) oil was not shown to be better than the light weight oil. The three trials did, however, show that there is no clear evidence that a light oil (C3.F6H8, F6.A) is better than a heavy oil. There is no evidence that heavy oil is superior to standard oil. All trials appear to be free of reporting bias. All the trials employed adequate methods to conceal the method of randomizing people to one of the treatments. The trials were at low risk of bias, which means that there are no major flaws in
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. The evidence is current to May 2017. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the Netherlands. We found that planned early delivery is associated with less composite maternal morbidity and mortality. There is no clear difference in the composite outcome of infant mortality and severe morbidity, but this is based on limited data (from two trials) assessing all hypertensive disorders as one group. Planned early delivery was associated with lower risk of HELLP syndrome and severe renal impairment. There were no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. There was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on composite infant mortality or severe illness. There are no differences between groups for caesarean section, duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby or for the baby. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal mortality and morbidity), moderate (caesareans, duration after delivery for mother, and duration of stay in hospital after delivery) or low (compared to low or unclear risk of infant deaths and illness). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. Two fairly large, well-designed trials with overall low risk of bias contributed the majority of the evidence. Other studies were at low or uncertain risk of systematic error.
This review included six studies (including 142 participants) comparing three-time a week (three-time-a-week) prophylactics with on-time (one-time) or two-time/three-times/three times/four times/twice treatment in people with hemophilia. Two of the six studies compared three- times-a/week or two two-to-one/three time/three treatments with ontime/two-time or two times/three treatment. The other three studies compared prophyleactic clot-busting drugs with no treatment. Three of the studies were of high quality. The results from two of the three studies (two trials) showed that patients with haemophilia A who had a three or four-time per year dose (three to four times per week) of propharyactic clotting factor concentrates had fewer joint bleeds compared to patients with a one-time dose (one to three-times per week). The fourth study (four trials) compared weekly (weekly) versus bi-weekly (weekly/weekly) treatment with a single dose of clotting factors concentrates. There was no difference between the two groups of patients in terms of bleeding frequency. The number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up was not pooled due to differences in the results of the different studies. The remaining four studies evaluated hemophiliac A and B and showed a statistically significant decrease in frequency of joint bleings with prophlyaxis compared to placebo, with a rate difference of 10.73 (95% confidence interval -16.55 to -4.91) bleeds per year. Two studies compared two prophyles, but failed to demonstrate an advantage of one regimen over the other in the frequency of bleeding. The fourth trial (four studies) showed a decrease in joint bleed frequency with weekly (15 IU/kg) and bi-
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to differences in the way the trials were carried out. In total, data were not available for 10 of the 13 trials. We included one new study in this update. In two out of the three studies reporting survival, this was substantial. Overall survival did not differ much between groups. Five of the studies aimed to maintain treatment. In these studies, there was no difference between treatment groups. This review shows that there is a preference in more recent studies for less-urgent treatment. However, we cannot be sure of this finding as there were too few studies and they were small.
The review authors identified two studies involving 447 RhD positive women. The studies compared giving anti-D drugs by injection or intramuscularly (IM). In both studies, the women received 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of RhD prophylac (a drug that blocks the action of the RhD antigen) in the womb. There were no RhD allo-immunized women in the two studies. One of the studies found that the mean IgG (i.e. the concentration of antibodies) after IV and IM administration was not different. However, from two to three weeks post-treatment, the IgG levels at the end of the study were similar. None of the women in these two studies were found to be able to make an alloimmune response to the drugs. The number of studies and the small sample size of these two trials were not large enough to be sure if there are any important benefits or harms of the two methods. The choice of an IM or IV dose of anti-d drugs will depend on the type of drug to be given, the dose to be used and the patient's preference.
This review included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with type 2 diabetes. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine (a drug that blocks the growth of blood clots), five studies looked at clopidogrel (a blood clot-dissolving drug), and one study looked at the use of clopids in combination. All trials had a high risk of bias. The trials were of good quality. The mean follow-up of the trials was long. The results of three of the eight studies were not consistent. Data on death, death from any cause, heart attack, stroke, or death due to a heart attack were not reported. There were no data on death from other causes, health-related death, side effects, or costs. The studies did not report on the effects of ADP receptor blockers on the risk of CVD. The review found that the evidence for ADP drug use for CVD in people with type 1 diabetes (and not type 2) is limited. Most of the studies do not report results for people with and people with CVD, and most do not include data for people without CVD (e.g. heart attack). Therefore, the review found no strong evidence for the use ADP drugs for the treatment of CV in CVD patients. More research is needed.
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, and one a six-week and three a three-month treatment. The evidence is current to September 2014. Six trials (151 participants) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's primary outcomes (quality of life). Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that airway clearing may be easier with non- invasive ventilation and people with cystic fibrosis may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that non-inspective ventilation increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. One trial (13 participants) assessed non-intvasive ventilation on exercise capacity (interface used was unclear) and did not report on any of our primary outcomes. The trial found no clear differences between non-intervention and no non-vasive ventilation compared to oxygen or room air except for exercise performance, which significantly improved with the use of nasal masks compared to room air over six weeks. Three studies (27 participants) compared non-Invasive ventilation with oxygen or oxygen-like airway support for overnight ventilatory support compared to either room air (two trials) or oxygen therapy alone (one trial). Three trials (26 participants) reported on quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing. Results for these secondary outcome measures showed that they measured lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference, and nocturnal transcutaneous carbon dioxide. Due to the small numbers of participants and statistical issues, there were discrepancies in the results between the RevMan and the original trial analyses. No clear differences were found between the two
We searched for studies that compared NIPPV with nocturnal-NIPPV in people with COPD. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included seven studies on 245 people. The mean age of the participants ranged from 65 to 77 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the Netherlands. The duration of the studies ranged from three months to one year. The evidence is current to January 2015. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of NIPPVs on lung function, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life (HRQoL), lung function or sleep efficiency. The average distance walked in a six-minute walk test was around 26.7 metres in the studies. We could not exclude an effect that is clinically significant (given that the minimal clinically difference on 6MWD is around 26 m). We found no evidence that NIPPVS had any effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerability, quality of breathing, lung function and sleep efficiency after one year of NIPV. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included studies were small and the results were inconclusive.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. The evidence is current to September 2014. Induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia did not reduce the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of labour on the rate of brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There were no clear differences between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia (low blood oxygen levels in the lungs), low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or low arterial cord blood pH (low- or very low blood pH) scores (two trials, respectively). Mean birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was considerable heterogeneity between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the intervention group. The unexpected observation in the induced group of increased perineeal damage, and the plausible, but of uncertain significance, observation of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. Inducing labour for babies with suspected macrosomic syndrome did not affect the rate or severity of caeesareans or instrumental deliveries. Inductions of labour did not appear to reduce the number of women with shoulder dystocia or birth fractures. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcomes assessed using GRADE, but we downgraded the quality because of lack of blinding and imprecision of the effect estimates. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for outcomes assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias.
We found 159 randomised clinical trials that compared vitamin D3 with placebo or no treatment. These trials included 95,286 participants. The average age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. Forty-eight trials randomly assigned 94,491 participants with a mean of 77% female. Of these, four trials included healthy people, nine trials included people who had not yet had a child, and 35 trials included those who were living on their own, or in hospital, or both. Vitamin D was given for 4.4 years. All trials were from the USA. We found that vitamin D decreased the risk of death in all 56 trials. However, we found that people who took vitamin D had a lower risk of dying from all causes. We did not find a difference in the number of people who died. We also found that more than 8% of people dropped out of the trials. We were unable to determine whether vitamin D reduced the risk that people would die. We could not be sure whether vitamin C or vitamin D2 had an effect on death. The risk of kidney disease was increased in people who did not take vitamin D. We are uncertain about the effect of vitamin D on death, but we do not know if it has an effect. We do know that vitamin C and D may have a role in kidney disease. We cannot be sure if they have any effect on deaths. We can be sure that vitamin A and vitamin D are safe. We have not found a difference between vitamin D and placebo in terms of the number that dies. The evidence is current to September 2015.
This review of trials found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine, can be used to treat type 2 diabetes. These drugs can help people to lose weight over 12 to 57 weeks. However, the magnitude of weight loss is modest, and the long-term health benefits of these drugs are unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common, such as tremor, tremor (dizzying), somnolence (drowsy), and palpitations (joint pain). There is a paucity of data on weight loss or control in people with type 1 diabetes.
This review aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of VGB with CBZ in people with active, non-active, and non-pregnant epileptics. Five studies were included. We found no significant differences between VGB and CBZ for time to first seizure, time to seizure, and time to treatment withdrawal. VGB did not seem to be better than CBZ on the time from the start of treatment to the first seizure. However, VGB was found to cause more weight gain, skin rash, drowsies, and eye problems. There was no difference in visual field defects or eye problems in people taking VGB or CBZ. We conclude that VGB should not be used as a first-line treatment for people who have active epilepsy.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared plerixafor to a G-CSF plus G-Cochrane therapy. Two of these RCTs were completed but did not report any results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both studies the experimental group received G-CsF plus plerizafor and the control group received a placebo (fake treatment). The evidence is current to August 2015. The results of the analyses showed no evidence for differences between the plerxafor group and the placebo group in terms of survival at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection. There was high-quality evidence that additional pleraxafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of pleroxafor, were published several times. Two more RCTS examining the addition of plersafor plus GCSF mobilisation regimen terminated early without publishing any outcome. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCT, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making it difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cones and other treatments. Cones were better than no treatment. There was little evidence to show that cones plus pelvic floor muscle training (PFMT) was better than PFMT or PFMT on its own. Only seven trials looked at the effect of PFMT plus cones. Seven trials used quality of life (QoL), and no study looked at costs. Seven of these trials were of poor quality, and so we cannot be sure that they were of high quality. Concessions are better than either no treatment, PFMT alone, or other treatments, but there was not much evidence to support the use of cones with PFMT.
We searched for studies that compared the effects of interventions on TTR in people with AF. We found eleven studies with 2246 patients. The studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education. The evidence is current to August 2015. The results of the review indicate that there is not enough evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of educational or behavioural interventions on the TTR of AF patients receiving oral anticoagulant therapy. More research is needed to examine the impact on anticoaemia control in AF patients and the mechanisms by which they are successful. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition. The quality of the evidence was very low.
The review of trials found that prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of a woman's vaginal birth in 24 hours, but does not seem to have an effect on caesarean sections. PGE2 tablets, gels, and PGF2a (a type of PGE1) all seem to be as good as each other, with small differences, but these may be due to chance. The review did not find that PGE was more effective than no treatment.
This review of five trials, involving 247 infants, found that cot-nursing in a heated space-heated room had no significant effect on body temperature. There were no differences in weight gain. However, there were some benefits in terms of the number of infants who were breast fed, fewer infants died and there was a small decrease in the risk of a child being hyperthermic. There was no difference in the rate of infant death. The review found that there was no evidence that the cot was better or worse than incubator care. The use of cot nursing, using a heated room, was found to be as safe as incubators.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. The evidence is current to May 2015. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold-chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques (low to very low-quality data). Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review; however we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three trials, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 women and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 women. These prostaglandsins did not reduce the rate of manual removal of placenta, the need for a blood test, the time from the baby's head to the placentas (the placental cord) being cut, or the need to give blood. The use of these drugs did not make the women's blood lose more blood. Side-effects were no different in the groups. The women's shivering, which was more frequent in the PG E-2 analogue group, was also more common in the women receiving prostaglanins. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need of adding another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants in this review. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or nasal CPAP reduced the risk of treatment failure (death, use of assisted breathing) and death in preterm infants, and there was a lower risk of death in infants with birth weight above 1500 g (two studies; 60 infants) and a lower death rate (six studies; 355 infants) in infants who were born with birthweight over 1500 g. However, the use of CDP is associated with increased risk of pneumothorax (pneumothoracic obstruction) in these infants. We did not find any difference in lung function at 28 days of age, as well as no difference in outcome at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). We found no difference between infants who received CDP and infants who did not (three studies; 260 infants). The application of CCP as CPap or nasal CNP is associated in pre term infants with respiratory distress with reduced risk of respiratory failure and death and an increased risk for pneumothoral obstruction. However these results are based on studies that were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. Two studies compared foam dressings with basic wound contact dressings and found no difference in ulcer-free healing. There was no difference between foam and alginate wound care. There were no differences between hydrocolloid (matrix) (a foam) and foam (wound) care. All studies were small and/or had limited follow-up time. There is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot wounds in people with type 2 diabetes than all other type of wound care, but all the trials we found were small. Future research is likely to have an impact on the results of this review and we would like to see more research in this field.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention. These trials included a total of 111 patients. The trials showed that surgery was better than endoscopically (through a scope) in terms of pain, and that it was better at preserving the function of the pancreatic duct. The two trials did not show that there were any major post-intervention complications. One trial (32 patients) showed that there was a better outcome for patients who had surgery. The trial did not find that there is a difference in the risk of death. The small trial did show that patients with an early stage of pancreatic cancer who have had a dilated duct (pancreatic duct) had more pain relief with surgery. However, the trial had problems with its design, and the number of people in it was small. We need more trials to confirm these results.
This review identified only one randomised controlled trial (857 patients). This trial was at a high risk of bias. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The trial compared the early (up to 12 hours) versus delayed (48 hours) use of soap, water, and soap, or both, to prevent wound infections. There was no difference between the two groups. There were no serious side effects of early post-operative bathing. There is not enough data to be sure if there is a difference in the risk of wound infections between the groups.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared prednisone with no treatment. The trial had a high risk of bias (risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions). The trial did not report side effects in detail, but one of the 35 people who took prednison (daily) died. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. The RCT did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral prednisolone compared with no intervention because the quality of evidence from the only RCT that exists is very low. We also know from observational studies that corticosteroids are beneficial, but long-term use causes serious side effects. The efficacy of high-dose monthly oral dexamethasone is probably little different from that of daily standard-dose oral prednasolone. Most side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups, but with high-dose monthly oral prednosolone moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) is probably less common and sleeplessness may be less common than with oral prednosolone, and we need further research to identify factors that predict response. We need further studies to identify the factors that can predict response to corticostoids.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote check-ups with face-to-face visits and one study looked at the two forms of check-up. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up had a flare-up than those who were seen face to-face. We also could not be sure whether people with asthma who had their check up at home had more flare-ups than people who went to the hospital. We did not find any difference in the number of people who needed to be treated for an asthma attack. We found that there were too few people with an asthma flare up who had to be seen by a healthcare worker in a remote setting. We do not know if people who were shown at home or at the hospital had more side effects. We are not sure if telephoning people who have had their asthma check- up at the time of the visit is as good as being seen by them in a clinic. We can not be certain whether people who are seen at home have more flare ups than people seen at the clinic. There was no clear difference in how well people who receive a phone call had their symptoms improved. We were not able to tell if people had more or less side effects when they had a face to face check up. The studies were too small to be sure that people had a good chance of having a good outcome. We think that people who do have a phone check up may be more likely to have a flare up if they have been seen by people they know.
This review aimed to assess the effects of exercise therapy for people with JIA. The review included three studies with a total of 212 people. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of the 10 criteria that we thought would be needed to be sure that they were of high quality. The three studies were of poor quality. There was no evidence to show that exercise can improve the function of the patients, their quality of life, or their pain. There were no short-term adverse effects. There is a need for more research to find out if there are any long-term effects. This review was carried out in a way that did not make the results look too good.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 trials with outpatients, seven with inpatients; one with ICU). The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpat patients and outpat patients, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure) and absent for other outcomes (mortality, length of hospital stay). Analyses show a strong beneficial effect of antibiotics among ICU patients. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failure. Results of this trial show a statistically significant difference on mortality and on length of stay in hospital. Evidence of moderate quality does not show that currently used antibiotics significantly reduce the risk of treatment failure among inpatient with severe exacerbations (i.e. for inpatient patients excluded from ICU), but trial results remain uncertain. Few data are available on the effects of antibiotics on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms, and data show no statistically significant increase in the number of adverse events with antibiotics compared to placebo. These inconsistent effects call for research into clinical signs and biomarkers that can help identify patients who would benefit from antibiotics, while sparing antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit and for whom downsides of antibiotics (side effects, costs, and multi-resistance) should be avoided.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where data were reported) in this review. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on death from any cause, heart attack, stroke, or any other cause. We did not find any RCTs that looked at the effects of whole-grain diets on blood lipids or blood pressure. All studies were of short duration (16 weeks or less), and no studies had a duration greater than 16 weeks. The studies were small, had small sample sizes, and had a risk of bias. The evidence is up- to-date as of April 2015. We assessed the overall quality of the evidence on cholesterol as low. We judged the overall evidence to be of low quality because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were short-term. There is a need for well-designed, well-conducted RCTS with longer durations to assess cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review of trials found that there is limited evidence supporting the use of weight-bearing (where the weight is put on the ankle) and the use (in some studies) of a different type of support or device (e.g., an air-stirrup) to allow people to walk or stand up from the bed. There is also limited evidence that early weight-bereft (when the ankle is not broken) can help people to get out of bed. The use of a device that can be removed from the ankle (such as a bandage) can be used to help people walk. There was no clear evidence that any of the types of support, such as a non-therm-based device, or that were used in the same way as the others, were better. There may be some evidence that some treatments, such a neurostimulation (a type of therapy in which a person is put into a chair and then has a special machine that uses a special light, sound, light, or sound, or both), may be helpful. There were no clear results on the best way to support people with plantar fasciitis. The review found that people with foot orthopaedic disease should be given a choice of the type of treatment that works best for them. There should be a choice between the type and type of device that is safe, which should be chosen on a case by case basis. There are no studies that have looked at the best type of exercise, which may be a good choice. More research is needed to find out which is the best treatment for people who have a foot problem. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
This review of four studies found that home-based nursing programmes and peer-support group therapy have shown some promise for helping children with ART. A second non-blind, non-randomised trial found that a lopinavir/r-type regimen (LPV/r) did not show an effect on adherence. A non-labeled, non randomised trial (RCT) found that the number of children who missed a dose of ART medication was lower in the group that had a home-bereaved parent. The intervention had no effect on CD4 count. A third non-standardised trial of caregiver medication diaries showed that the intervention group had fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control group, although this difference was not statistically significant. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect in improving adherence or disease outcomes. A fourth study of peer support group therapy for adolescents demonstrated no change in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage of participants with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80% (p=.06). The second trial of a lupinavir-ritonavir regimen did not demonstrate any difference in adherence between children on a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase regimen and children on an LOPV regimen. However, the proportion of children achieving virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LPV regimen than for the NNRTI-containing regimen. A single intervention has the potential to improve ART adherence, but more evidence is needed. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART are needed. No single intervention was evaluated by more than one trial. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. Two were randomised controlled trials, and two were non- randomised trials.
This review of five studies (696 participants) found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is an effective painkiller in adults with acute post-operative pain. There was no difference in the number of people who experienced any side-effects. There were not enough data to be sure of the effects of other drugs, the time to use of painkillers, or how well the drugs worked.
This review included six randomised controlled trials. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Four of the trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against control (no treatment). Two trials included women having surgery and one trial used PFMT to add to the routine care of prolapse patients. Two trials used the PFMT approach as an adjunct (addition) to the standard care. The largest and best known trial to date found that PFMT had positive effects on prolapse symptoms, but the results of this trial were inconsistent. There is now some evidence that there may be some benefit from PFMT for prolapsed prolapse. The results of two of these two trials found that the PFMT approach increased the chance of an overall reduction in prolapse stage (prolapse stage 1) by 17%. The two trials which looked at the effect of PFMT on muscle strength found that it did not improve muscle strength. Two out of the three trials which measured the symptoms of symptoms found that there was some benefit for PFMT. Two of the two trials that looked at how well PFMT was done in terms of the way the prolapse progressed and the way it was reported. One of these trials found a benefit for the group that had PFMT, and one of the other found no difference. The two studies which looked only at the effects of the treatment on the bowel found that they found that more women in the group had less bother with their symptoms. There was no clear evidence that the treatment had an effect on how well the women’d be able to pass gas. There were no clear results on the effect PFMT has on the cost of the surgery. The review found that a large, well-conducted, large trial of the use PFMT plus surgery is needed. Other comparisons, which have not been addressed in the trials to date, and which warrant consideration, include those
This review found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear CSOM in people with CSOM. However, the evidence regarding the safety of these drugs is weak. The review also found that non-quinolone (non-salt-based) treatments (such as no drug) are less clear. Further trials are needed, including those that look at the long-term effects of these treatments, as well as the risks of adverse events.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants. Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability fears. The review shows that FRS correctly identifies people with symptoms of first rank in 75% to 95%. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage, in which people are divided into groups, will incorrectly diagnose 5% to 19 people in 100 who have FRS as being psychotic. These people will still need to be seen by a doctor, but will not be able to get treatment due to their symptoms. The same is true for the use of the FRS in the first stage of care. Again, around 40% of these people will be wrongly diagnosed. Some of these will be delayed in getting help. Others, whom specialists will not think to be psychotic, could be discharged from care early. We hope that new tests, which will be added to the Cochrane review in the near future, will be of better use.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this review, of which 5 were new to this update. All studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational studies, and 44 in the 1 study. All interventions were added to the usual care of children. The evidence is current to September 2016. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. Improvements in objective severity using the SCORAD clinical tool were recorded for all intervention groups when compared with controls. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objectiveSCORAD measure was statistically significantly better in the intervention group compared with the control group. However, in all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2 for objective SCORad. The results of this review are based on a small number of studies. The educational studies in both the original review and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. A relative lack of rigorously designed trials provides limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational and psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic eczema in children. However there is some evidence from included paediatric studies using different educational intervention delivery models (multiprofessional eczemas interventions and nurse-led clinics) that these may lead to improvements in disease and quality oflife. Comparative evaluation is needed to examine the impact of these interventions on the severity, quality of, psychological distress, and cost-effectiveness. There is also a need for comparison of educational interventions with stand-alone
This review of trials found that HBOT may improve the symptoms of LRTI in people with LRTIs. There was some evidence of a reduction in the risk of wound breakdown, but there was no evidence of an effect on the brain. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN, which is a serious infection of the anus, and may be an important part of healing. There were no reports of side effects.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials involving 2961 surgeons. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two were on the use of blunt needles, and two on hip repair. The evidence is current to August 2014. The use of the blunt needles reduced the risk of finger perforations by approximately one finger in every six operations. The number of needle stick injuries was reduced by about one needle stick injury in every three operations. Because the force needed for the blunt needle is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was rated by the review authors to be high. There is high quality evidence that the use blunt needles appreciably reduces exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised controlled trials involving 422 people. The trials compared trifluoperazine with low- or no-drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 people. These trials lasted between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between triflucoperazine and low- and no- drug treatments. There was no clear evidence that trifflunopride was better or worse than low-drug treatment. There were no data on the number of people who left the studies early. Trifflucopride did not cause more side effects. However, it was found that it was more likely to cause people to have at least one side effect. The studies did not look at death, sedation, and quality of life. The number of studies was low. The quality of the studies was poor. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014.
We found nine randomised controlled trials including 593 infants in total. The trials were generally small and contained various problems with their methods. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that feeding in response to feeding and feeding cues achieved full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. However, the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong evidence that responsive feeding affects important outcomes for preterm infants or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists that preterm babies fed in response of feeding and fed cues achieve full oral feeds earlier than babies fed prescribed volume at regular intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included studies. A large, well-designed randomised trial would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding of preterm infant feeds affects other important outcomes.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 people. One randomised trial showed that folic acid and 5-methyl-Methionine (5-MTHF) may be helpful in the treatment of hyper homocysteine-related acute ischaemic disease. The second trial with 18 people did not show a difference in ABI (a measure of ABI). The studies did not report on the rate of limb loss. The two trials were of poor quality. The trials were too small to be able to draw any conclusions on the value of the treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with data from 503 dental practices. One study used a factorial design to look at the impact of fee-for- service (where the dentist is paid for the service he provides) and the other used a two-phase design to study the impact on the number of fillings, extractions and fillings. Both studies were from the four most deprived parts of Scotland. The study found that the dentists who were paid a fee for their work were more likely to be more active in the clinic, and to give more advice to patients. However, it did not report data on the use of the health service. The second study looked at how much dentists spent on their patients' care. It found that dentists in the group that was given a fee-free payment were more active. The dentists were less likely to fill teeth, but they gave more advice. There was no evidence that the change was due to a change in the amount of work the dentist did. The authors of the study did not find that the changes were due to the same factors. The studies were of low/very low quality. We found that there was a high risk that the results of the two studies had some bias. We judged the risk of bias to be high.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers. These involved over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. We found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy reduced preterm birth by a small amount (14% relative reduction) in women from low- and middle-class backgrounds. This was not accompanied by a reduction in the numbers of low-birthweight babies. There was no clear difference in the risk of stillbirth, low birth weight, or death of the baby. The evidence for a 14% reduction in preterm births for zinc was mostly from trials of low income groups. The GRADE (GRADE) quality of the evidence for pretermbirth, pre-term birth, and low-weight babies was rated by the GRADE team to be low. The review found that there was no convincing evidence to support the use of zinc in pregnant women in low- or middle- or low-income countries.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with fungal fungal disease who were given probiotics as an add-on to antifungal drugs. We found 10 RCTs (1656 people) that met the review requirements. We did not find any trials that were funded by drug companies. The trials were of low or very low risk. Probiotics may increase the rate of short- and mycological cure, but this did not lead to a higher rate of long-term cure. We do not know if there is an increase in the rate or relapse rate. We also found no trials that looked at the time to the first relapse, the need for further treatment, the patient’s and healthcare system’re views of the treatment, or the cost. We were able to combine data from 7 of 10 studies. The results show that, when used as an adjuaddition to anti-treatments, the use of probiotics may lead to short-term (one month) and long term (three months) cure. There is no evidence that there are more side effects. We need more RCT trials that are larger, longer-term, and of better quality. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, low, or high.
We included seven trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries; four trials were in the upper-middle and two from the low-middle; two were from Iran, one from Turkey, and one was in Jordan. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens may be helpful in the treatment of women who are at high-risk (at high risk) of having a baby with a low chance (at low risk) miscarriage. Treatment of women with a high-dose (progestogen) progestin (progestin 1) compared to a low-dose or no-progent (prostaglandin 2) or a fake pill (progesterone 3) (progenin 4) or placebo (fake pill) or both (prognostic). The evidence is up- to-date as of April 2015. The evidence was of moderate quality. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The main limitations of the included trials were the small number of women and the wide range of events that we could include in the analyses. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality of evidence ranged between very low and moderate. Downgrading of evidence was based on the high risk of bias in six of the seven included trials and a small sample size and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met the criteria for the inclusion of progestogen treatment. We are uncertain if treatment of threatened miscarriage with progestogenic treatment compared to placebo or no treatment has any effect on the rate of congenital abnormalities because the evidence is of very low quality. Treatment with the use of prog
We found five randomised controlled trials of laser photocoagulation (i.e. laser treatment with argon laser) for treating diabetic retinopathy. A total of 4786 people (9503 participants) were included in these studies. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative (wet and dry) retina; one trial was mainly people with non-proloughy (dry) (wound) retinopathies. All five of the studies were at risk of bias. Three of the five studies were of low quality. There was little difference in the risk of visual loss at 12 months in the eyes of people who were treated with laser. The risk of vision loss was 20% at five years. The studies showed a 50% decrease in risk of progression of the disease. The number of people with vitreous (vital) blood clots (vitreas) was the same in people who had laser and those who did not. The study did not look at the effects of the treatment on vision. None of the trials looked at any of the other outcomes that we were most interested in (e.g. quality of life, pain, vision loss, loss of vision, loss to the driver's licence). The studies did not report on the risk that people had of having their vision damaged. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is partly due to reporting of trials conducted many years ago, after which has become the mainstay of treatment of proliferative diabetic retinaopathy. Future Cochrane Reviews on variations in the laser treatment protocol are planned.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults who had acute lung failure after upper surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%). The average age of the participants was 65 years. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. The findings of this review indicate that CPAP or bilevel NPPV is an effective and safe treatment for adults who have lung failure. However, the quality of the evidence was low. We found no differences between CPAP and NPPVs in terms of the rate of tracheal intubes. We also found no difference in the length of stay in the ICU. We were unable to be certain of the effect of CPAP/NPPV on anastomotic leaks, lung-worsening, infection, or sepsis. Findings from one of the two trials, which included a group of 60 people, suggested that bilevovac (bile in the bile) may have an effect on blood gas levels. The studies did not report on gastric insufflation (surgic blockage), fistulae (pneumothorax (pulpsils), lung-dissolving fluid, or skin breakdown. We did find that CPap/NBPV may have had a small effect on the blood gas and blood pH. We rated the level of evidence as low for all of the outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019.
We included four trials involving 388 women that compared different methods of pain relief. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (elevated dose, vinydan, or "other" anaesthesics) for the use of anaesthesia. One trial (with 101 women) found that women who were drugged with diazapine (a sedative) were more likely to judge their pain relief as good than those who were given ketamine. In the trial (in 26 women) that used lignocaine (a non-steroid drug) for pain relief, there was no difference in the number of women who felt their pain was good enough to be able to use their hands and feet. In one trial (183 women), women who had spinal pain relief with a spinal block were more than twice as likely to feel their pain as good as those who had a pudendal nerve block. In this trial, there were no major side effects for either group. No trials reported on the other two main outcome of death or serious illness for the mother, or the baby. In terms of side effects, the women in the diazam group were less prone to nausea, and they were less likely (by a few points) to have stomach pain. There was no evidence that there was a difference between the groups for the few neonatals who were studied. The review found that there is not enough research to be sure that any of the pain-relieving drugs are the best way to provide pain relief for forceps birth.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild-to-severe asthma. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other six studies assessed yoga with yoga breathing, posture, and breathing. Most studies did not have a high risk of bias. We found that yoga may lead to small benefits for people with asthma. There was some evidence that yoga might improve some of the symptoms of asthma, but we are not sure if this is an important finding. We did not find that yoga led to a change in lung function. We could not be sure that people who did yoga were more or less likely to use their asthma medication. We also could not tell from the studies if there were any side effects. We need more studies with large sample size and high quality data to be able to confirm the effects of yoga.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data for us to be able to use in the review. We assessed six of the nine trials as being at high risk of bias. Two trials of interferon beta-1b (n = 58) found no effect on muscle strength. Two other trials of IFN-1a and MTX provided some low-quality data. One trial of MTX (44 participants) found that MTX did not slow the rate of muscle strength loss. Three trials (78 people) compared intravenous (IVIg) or IVF-like drugs (in one trial) with a dummy drug (prednnisol) and found that IVF was no more or no less effective than the dummy drug. Three of the three trials (in 78 people) also found no difference in muscle strength at 12 months. One of these three trials, MTX, did not show an effect. Two of the trials (58 people) showed no effect. We were unable to combine the data from these three studies, but we found that IFN was no worse or no worse than the other two. One study (44 people), MTX and ATG, and one trial of ATG (44 individuals) showed that ATG was no better or worse than MTX. We could not combine these data. We found no evidence that IVIg, oxandrolone, AZA, and AZA plus MTX was more or worse for muscle strength than AZA with MTX alone. We did not have enough data to be sure that AZA was more effective. We need more trials that are of good quality, with more people, and that use more robust outcomes. We also need trials of simvastatin, bimagrumab, and ByM338. Studies of sim
We included nine randomised controlled trials with 3144 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that linezolid is more effective than vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs, including those caused by MRSA. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the lineZolid group than for those receiving intravenous or oral treatment with vancomedine. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two drugs. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the people treated with linezolis compared with those receiving vancomydine. However, more people reported thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder), nausea and nausea when treated with the lineuzolid drug. The cost of treatment was less with oral than with intravenous vancomidine. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezoli. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 patients. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in China, Japan, and the United States. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The review found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. The authors noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly reduced in patients receiving PPW. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
This review identified six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 people. Five of the six trials reported the risk of death, and two trials in a group of people with brain haemorrhage. Three trials reported death, but the results were not consistent. Two of the trials reported that the drug, a drug known as nimodipine, may be helpful in people with a subarachnoid (head) bleed. However, this drug has an increase in side effects. The results of this review are not conclusive. More research is needed to determine the effects of these drugs.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 people. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was thought to be at a high risk. The evidence is current to August 2016. The trials compared immediate defibrillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrillation. The results of the trials were inconclusive. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibribrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (11%). When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year (low-quality evidence), we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either intervention. We have been unable to determine conclusively whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials that compared GnRHa flare up with GnRH antagonist treatment. The review found that GnRH blockers were more likely to be withdrawn from the blood than GnRH agonists. There was no evidence to support the use of GnRH drugs to treat poor response to GnRH antagonists. There were no reports of live birth rates. The number of oocyte retrieved was less with GnRHA long protocol. The total dose of GnRH blockers was higher. Cancellation rates were higher. None of the studies reported a difference in the rates of ectopic (womb) and ectopic pregnancy. There is no strong evidence to suggest that GnRHS are beneficial in the management of poor response in IVF. More robust data from good quality randomised trials with relevant outcomes are needed before any firm conclusions can be drawn.
This review of 53 randomised controlled trials found that family intervention may be helpful in the treatment of people with schizoaffective disorder. It seems to reduce the number of people who need to be treated for relapse, and may also reduce the need for hospital admission. It does not seem to have an effect on people’s compliance with treatment. It is not clear if it has an impact on the risk of suicide. More research is needed.
We included three randomized controlled trials with 263 participants in this review. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent blockage in the femur. The trials were carried out in the USA, and two of the three trials were funded by industry. Two of the two companies that made the drug-eletting balloons (Eurocor, Bonn, and Medtronic, Fridley, USA) were involved. The three trials compared DEBs with uncoated (non-drug-eutrophil) balloon angiectasis. The studies were of low quality. We found that DEBs were better than uncomboed balloon angioplasts for target lesion re-stenting (target lesion is re-section of a block in the leg) and for the treatment binary (block in the thigh) in the short-term. We did not find a clear difference in the risk of death. We also found that people who had DEBs did not have a higher risk of dying than those who had uncoate balloons. We concluded that we are uncertain as to whether DEBs are more or less effective than uncoating balloons. More research is needed to answer this question. We rated the quality of the studies as low due to the small number of studies and the high risk of bias in the way the studies were designed. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. Evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current up to May 2016. We found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities and mortality without resultant serious adverse events (no events, 737 participants) and no deaths (915 participants). We also found that the duration of fever, time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP) to normalise) and length of hospital stay were reduced. Evidence was considered high quality for the incidence of serious adverse effects, mortality, and time for the laboratory parameters to return to normal. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. The quality of the evidence was moderate for adverse events and duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash) due to potential subjectivity in measurement. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Evidence shows reduced inflammatory marker levels. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies involved comparisons of PIP with control groups only. Two of these studies included a control group in addition to a PIP group. Samples included women who had post-partum depression (postpartum or postpartum PTSD), anxiety, and were in prison. The studies were of low or very low- or unclear risk-of-harm (i.e. bias) quality. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that PIP is effective in improving parent-child relationship and in improving the attachment of parents to their infants. We also found that it is more effective than alternative treatments (e.g. video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy). We found no evidence that PIMP is better than other treatments for parent-infant relationship (elevating the level of attachment to secure, avoidant, disorganised, resistant, or stable). The results favoured PIP over control for the outcomes of parental depression, parent-reported levels of depression, and the number of infants who were secure or disorganized. There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants securely attached at post-intervention; a reduction in the number with an avoidant attachment style; fewer infants with disorganisation of attachment at the end of the study; and an increase in the percentage of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment at postintervention. There was no difference between PIP and control in any of the remaining outcomes (i) adverse effects, or any adverse changes. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or low for all outcomes. Where we downgraded the evidence, it was because there was risk of bias in the study design or execution of the trial. The included studies also involved relatively few participants and wide confidence intervals (imprecision).
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (with 753 participants) that compared extra oxygen to room air for women in labour. The trials were carried out in a variety of countries in the world. We found that there was no convincing support for the routine use of extra air to support the mother and her baby during a cesarean birth. There was no difference in Apgar (a short-term measure of lung health) scores at one minute, at five minutes, or at one hour after the birth. None of the 11 trials reported maternal desaturation. The very low quality of evidence showed that in comparison with room air, women receiving extra oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation, maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), maternal UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) and UvPO2, a measure of blood flow to the baby. There were differences in the results of the different studies. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants. Four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken (11% versus 17%). Notable differences in the design of the studies were found. Two trials provided data for the proportion of people who took their pills, but found that this was not significant. We also found two trials that looked at blood pressure, and we found that the use of a reminder packaging aid reduced blood pressure. We did not find any studies looking at blood sugar, but we did find one study that found that a device that showed a change in blood sugar levels (glycadrenate haemoglobin) was found to be preferred. We found no data on the effects of reminder packs on other important outcomes. We were not able to combine the data from the studies that we found, so we could not be sure that the results were valid. We are not sure if reminder packs are safe, but they may be helpful for some people.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different drugs. All trials had high risk of bias. There were no differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperatively-occurring morbid events. The trimetazid group had a shorter stay in the hospital. The dextrose group had the same length of stay as the control. There was no clear difference in any of the other outcomes. The use of dextrups (trimetazid, dextrexate, and dextranol) may protect the ischaemic damage to the liver, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes. However, there is a high risk for type I (ie, random errors) and type 2 (ie: play of chance) errors in the trials. The trials were small and had high risks of bias, which means that their results may be biased.
We included 61 studies in this review. The studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The evidence is current to January 2015. The 52 studies evaluating the prevalence of renal dysfunction included 13 different risk factors. The majority of studies reported the occurrence of kidney disease in participants with chronic kidney disease, but some studies also reported the incidence of kidney problems after kidney transplantation. The risk of kidney damage ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of these 52 studies, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) blood pressure, including at least 432 participants, and found it was present in 0% to 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after kidney transplants in participants receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS, found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased blood pressure. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer follow-up period with glomerulular dysfunction. Twenty-two out of 52 studies studied proteinuria, which was present among participants in 3.5% to 84% of those who received treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total TBI. Four non eligible studies found that a higher body mass index increased the risk of hypertension. Three non-qualified studies found a higher risk of high blood pressure after treatment with cisplatin, but did not find any association between the risk factors and the risk factor. One non-valid study investigated risk factors of hypophosphataemia, but found no association. One study investigated low blood phosphate reabsorption, but could not find a link between the two risk factors in this study. The remaining risk factors reported by one eligible study were older age at screening and abdominal radiotherapy. A non-relevant study also
The review of trials found that Niprisan® was effective in reducing the number of people with sickle cell disease who had severe painful crises. It did not affect the risk of severe complications, or the level of blood in the blood. The single trial of Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) found that it may be helpful for some people with painful crises, but the results of this single trial were not conclusive. The review found that Cajan® may be beneficial for some individuals with painful episodes of sickle cells, but no serious adverse effects were reported. The quality of the evidence was low. More trials are required to assess the safety and efficacy of phytomedicines used in managing sickle Cell disease.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1999 participants. The studies were reported as RCTs, but the studies did not report blinding. One study was published in abstract form only. The other two studies reported no deaths. The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL and a negative PET scan were divided into those with either a favourable (or not) or a negative (or too late) prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based treatment (where the PET scan shows that the tumour has not spread) or standard treatment. The results of the three studies were combined. We found that PFS (time to death) was shorter in people with HL who were treated with PET-adapted (when the PET scans show no tumour growth) than in people who were given standard treatment (when there is no tummy growth). This was seen in all three studies. We could not assess the effect of PFS on the risk of death. We also found that people who are PET-positive may be more likely (by a few months) to survive longer than those who are not. We did not find any evidence of a difference between the two groups in terms of side effects. We judged the overall quality of the evidence to be moderate, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results. More research is needed to determine whether this PFS advantage will translate into an overall survival benefit.
We found 31 randomised controlled trials that compared different hormonal birth control pills, injectables, and implants. Twenty-one trials looked at the use of a single pill, and the other studies looked at a different type. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries. We found no new trials in 2014. Many of the earlier studies had small numbers of people, and some had large losses. We still do not know much about the effects of birth control on body weight. More than half of the studies had weight restrictions. We could not combine the results of many studies, and we could not be sure that one type of hormone was better or worse than the other. We did not find any clear evidence that birth control pill was better, worse, or the same as the others. We also could not say which birth control was the best for a woman's weight. We do know that the same type of pills are not better than the same pills for the same outcome. We are not sure if birth control is the same for weight. Birth control pills are better than injectables. We cannot make strong statements on the same types of pills. We need more research in this area. The review authors recommend that more research is done to find the best birth control for weight loss in women who are not obese.
We included 10 studies in this review. Nine of the 10 included studies (549 participants) showed that exercise reduced pain and improved physical function. Five studies (419 participants) only recruited people with hip or knee pain. The results of these 10 studies showed that pain and physical function were improved at least three to six months after stopping treatment. Pain was reduced by 8 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain). The improvement in pain was sustained up to at least one year after the end of the exercise programme. Pain and quality of life were not improved by exercise. Only three small studies (183 participants) evaluated quality-of-life, with overall low quality evidence, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. Quality of life was estimated to be 50 points in the general population in the control group; exercise improved quality of lives by 0 points. Moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 participants) indicated an increased likelihood of withdrawal from the exercise allocation (event rate 6%) compared with the control groups, but this difference was not significant (risk difference 1%; 95% CI -1% to 4%). Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programmes. The evidence is current to September 2015. The quality of the evidence was high for pain and quality- of-life outcomes, but the quality of evidence for other outcomes was low for pain, physical function and quality in life. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that most of the studies were conducted in the same way as the other studies.
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial in terms of muscle strength, muscle function, exercise tolerance, and mobility-related activities. There was no clear evidence of adverse effects. There is a need for more high-level research to be done to determine the best way to conduct these trials.
We found only one randomised clinical trial (75 participants) that met the review requirements. This trial compared early laparoscopic cholecyst surgery (less than 24 hours) with delayed (up to 4.2 months) laparoscopically operated on biliary colic patients. The trial had a high risk of bias. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed laparoscope group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. The proportion of people who developed serious adverse events was 68 participants (28 people in the earlier group and 40 people in delayed group). The other outcomes were available for 28 participants in the laparectomy group and 35 participants in a delayed laparboscopic cholemectomy group. During the waiting period, complications developed in 28 participants (0% of people) in the late laparotomy group and in 35 participants (22.5%). The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema (inflammation of the gallbladder), gallbladders perforation (perforation of gallblad, perforations in the gallus), acute cholecervical infection (perfusion of gallus in the liver), acute cholangitis (cholecystitis), obstructive jaundice (jaundice), and recurrent bile colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred during the delayed group as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours in the later group. There was a statistically significant shorter hospital stay in the first group than in the second group. Operating time was 14 minutes shorter for the first laparopoietic operation in people who had the surgery in the
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared long-term prophylaxis with short-term (less than 24 hours) antibiotic proclamations for people undergoing orthognathic surgery. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. The evidence is current to September 2014. The results of this review suggest that long- and short- term antibiotic proprotylaxis probably reduce the risk of surgical site infections (SSI) compared with a single pre-operative dose of antibiotics. There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of a single dose of short- or longer-term antibiotics compared with one dose of a longer-acting antibiotic. No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate for SSI and low for other outcomes. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of evidence for our outcomes.
We found only one small study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important differences in preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation. There were no differences in birthweight, ventilator needs, necrotising enterolitis or need for repeat surgery. There was a trend towards a trend for a preterm pre-birth in women with pre-eclampsia. We could not make any firm conclusions on the effects of preterm births for preterm babies born with gastroschisis. It is not yet known if the intervention is helpful or not. More research is needed.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week, in which paracetamol was used to treat pain in adults. All three studies were conducted in the USA. The studies were small and of poor quality, with a total of 122 participants randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. All studies used par acetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). Other drugs used to relieve pain included non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics. We found no studies in children. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with no worse than mild pain at the end of the treatment period; or participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference between paracetamic acid and placebo when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetamyol being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other adverse events and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. Our GRADE assessment of evidence quality was very low for all outcomes, because studies were at high risk of bias from several sources. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of paractamol alone or in combination with opioids for the first two steps of the three-step World Health Organization cancer pain ladder. It is not clear whether any additional analgesic benefit could be detected in
This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there were not enough data to be sure that these drugs are safe and that they have any effect. There is a need for more well-designed trials. The trials were of poor quality. The results of the trials were not consistent and the results were not of high quality. There was no clear evidence that astemizole, propantheline, doxepin, and suo quo wan (a Chinese herbal medicine) were more effective than doxeepin. There were no trials that looked at the use of a stemizole or diphenhydramine. There are other drugs that have been shown to be helpful, but they are not well studied. There may be more research in this field.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put in one of two or more treatment groups) with 195 people. Two trials (195 people with MS) looked at a form of muscle training called 'inspiratory' (where the muscle is pumped through the muscle) with a threshold device (e.g. a muscle pump). Three trials (137 people) compared expiratory muscle training versus no active control (where there was no training), and one (18 people) tested a type of'regular' breathing routine. Eighteen people (10%) of the 195 people in the trials dropped out. The trials did not report any serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was low. This means that we cannot be certain that the results of this review are valid. We found low-quality evidence that people who did not have MS were more likely to be able to breathe out of their nose when they did exercise. We did not find any evidence that the training had an effect on the number of people who had to stop breathing. We were not able to combine the data from the trials, so we could not be sure if there was a difference in the effect of the training on the amount of air they could breathe. We could not tell if the training was harmful. We do not know if it had an impact on the people’s health. We also did not know how long people had to be in the training groups. We are not sure if the people who were in the groups were more or less tired. We cannot be sure that the people in these groups had more or fewer side effects than those who were not in the group. We have no information on the effects of the treatment on the health of people. We need more research to know if there is a long-term effect of this treatment.
This review identified one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) (an anticoagulant drug) with no treatment. This trial did not show that the use of this drug reduced the risk of ITP in the newborn. The RCT did not look at the effects of the drug on death, the number of babies who died, the post-birth blood clots, or the need to be re-homed. This review does not find any evidence to support the need for the drug to be used for ITP. The evidence is up- to-date as of February 2015.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants, both conducted in Iran. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all patients. The larger study had to be abandoned due to technical failure. The remaining 77 participants were treated for at least three months. The results of the smaller study were not reported. We found no evidence of a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft keratometric (a type of vision test) or in the risk of graft failure. We did find that there were more graft rejections in the DALK group. The data, which related to the four cases in which the graft had failed, did not show that DALK was more likely to fail. We also found that there was no evidence that there would be a difference in the chance of a graft failing. Other side effects, such as astigmatism (poor vision) and high blood pressure (high blood pressure), were reported in both groups. In the group of DALK patients, one of the grafts had a problem with the blood vessels where the corneal grafts and the host cornea come close. One case of graft fail in a DALK graft group was not reported in the small study. In both groups, graft failure was less likely in DALK groups. The small number of studies in this review and the problems with the way they were carried out, mean that we cannot be certain that one of these two techniques is better or worse than the other. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low. This means that we have little or no confidence in the results.
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports) recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control. Women had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the time of intervention, and had a reduced risk of iron deficiency compared to control. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Women taking iron had a lower risk of anaemia compared to those receiving control, but this result is based on only one study. Women who took iron were less likely than women who did not take iron to have anaemia, and were also less likely of having iron deficiency. Women were more likely to have abdominal pain, loose stools/diarrhoea, and hard stools. Five studies recruiting 521 women identified an increased prevalence of gastrointestinal side effects in women taking iron. Seven studies recruiting 1190 women identified evidence of an increased frequency of abdominal pain among women randomised to iron. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of a higher frequency of nausea. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. Daily iron supplementation effectively reduces the prevalence of anaemic and iron deficiency, raises haemochemistry and iron stores, improves exercise performance and reduces symptomatic tiredness. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects
This review identified five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. Among five included studies, there was no overall survival benefit for the combined treatment. There was no reduction in all-cause deaths. The quality of the evidence for survival was low. There were higher risks of adverse events, such as nausea, diarrhoea, and hair loss, in those treated with the combination treatment. However, this result may be due to the single first-line treatment study. There is a need for more studies with larger sample sizes and with more blinding of patients.
This review of trials found that a transverse incision is less likely to cause pain and is less prone to rupture. However, this finding is based on only a small sample of trials. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operatively post-operative problems. The risk of wound dehiscence (wound rupture) was lower with transverse (side) incisions. The results of this review, however, should be treated with some care. There is a need for more research in this field.
We included a total of nine studies (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age of participants ranged from 33 to 351.7 years. The evidence is current to January 2018. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute LBP, individuals receiving MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days at 12-month follow-up. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms of clinical meaningfulness, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms pain, functional disability, and time away from work, and no differences in adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The included studies were judged as having high risk of bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias. The available research provides mainly low-quality evidence, thus additional high-quality trials are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate treatment to a control group. The evidence is current to September 2015. Bisphosphoate administration probably decreases the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression in men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. Bisplatin-like drugs probably reduce the number and severity of bone metastases. Bisphalosphonates probably increase the number (and severity) of kidney problems. Bisphasophosphonics probably increase nausea and renal problems. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response between bisphatin-type drugs and control drugs. Bisosphonatin-based drugs probably decrease the number or severity of skeletal problems and disease growth. Bispalates probably reduce progression of disease. Bispanates probably decrease bone metastasis and disease. These benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of kidney impairment and nausea in men receiving bisphosporinates. Bishanosphonatide administration probably increases the number, severity and duration of kidney damage. Bisbanates probably have no effect on quality of life and pain. Bisplanates probably do not reduce the risk of osteonecrosis of the jaw between groups. We were unable to extract any quantitative data for meta-analysis. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for pain response and moderate for quality of kidney function. We rated the quality as moderate for kidney function and adverse events and very low for adverse events.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared HDT + ASCT with other treatments (e.g. chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy) in patients with FL. We included five RCTs involving 1093 patients. Four trials were in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapsed patients. All trials were randomised and judged to be open-label studies, which means that the participants and their carers are not aware of the treatment. Due to this, we cannot be certain that the results of the trials are valid. The quality of the five trials is rated as high. We found that patients with newly treated FL are more likely to live for at least six months longer than patients with previously untreated FL. However, this benefit is not transferred into an overall survival advantage. There is also some evidence that HDT+ASCT is more effective than chemotherapy and immunotherapy in terms of overall survival and tumour recurrence, but there is no evidence that this benefit translates into a statistically significant overall survival (OS) advantage. The addition of rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to be stopped early after an interim analysis due to a statistically important PFS advantage in the HDT plus ASCT arm. In the four trials in previously treated patients, there were no statistically significant differences between HDT and control-arm in terms overall survival, cancer recurrence or other cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT - ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). For patients with relapsed FL, there is some evidence (one study) that HDt + ASC is more beneficial in terms both overall survival as well as tumour recovery. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers. In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for patients with HD
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of bias within the trials, but overall, risk for bias (risk of bias) was low. Data showed WDD improved the short-term global state of people when used alone or with an add-on drug. However, WDD was not shown to have an effect on people's mental state or global or global health. WDD may be an add on drug for people who are taking a drug to reduce the use of drugs to reduce their symptoms. There were few side effects. The evidence is up- to-date as of April 2015. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for most outcomes. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of W DD for people with schizophrenia.
We included 12 studies with 799 participants in this review. We found three new studies (228 participants) for this update. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (moderate-quality results). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain between the two types of wire. 3. Conventional NiTi versus conventional NiTi arches. There was three studies in these groups, but there was not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about whether there was any difference between them with regard to either alignment or pain. 4. Single-strand versus coaxial (single strand) supelerelastic (single strand) NiTi. There may be no difference in the rate of tooth movement over 12 weeks between the groups. 5. Superelastics versus thermolyelastic (two studies). There was no evidence to show whether there were any differences between the materials in terms of alignment rate, time to alignment, pain and root resorption. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root resurction. 6. Conventions versus other materials. There are no studies that compare different types of materials. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for the
This review includes just one study of 306 older people with dementia, with a mean age of 86.5 years. The study was conducted in 16 nursing homes in France. It did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes, but did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25- item scale). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items), Verbally Non- Aggressive Beh behaviour (nine items), and Verbally Aggressive Behavior, suchas hitting (three items). Four of the five CMAIs improved in the intervention group (Global: change mean difference (MD) 5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.59 to −1.79; Physically non-aggressive: change MD −0.32 points; Verbally Agressive: improvement MD 0.44 points; and Verbatically Aggressive: 0.16 points). There was no difference in change scores on the Physressive scale (MD 0.08 points). Using GRADE guidelines, we rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. We also identified one ongoing study. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different skin care products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared topical skin care product frequencies. The evidence is current up to the 28 September 2016. The overall risk of bias in the trials was high. The data were not suitable for pooling (the best way to combine the results) due to differences in the type of skin care, skin care treatments, and the way the trials were carried out. We found that soap and water were poor in terms of the prevention of IAD. We also found that the use of a skin soap might be better than soap. The first trial showed that a skin cleanser, being a soap, might be more effective than soap, and that a washcloth, being made from soap, soap, water, and moisturising, and skin protectants (which protect the skin) might be effective. We did not find any trials that looked at the number of people who did not like the way their skin care was applied. The results from the other trials, all being of low to very low, suggest that applying a leave-on skin care (moisturiser, skin protectant, and/or skin cream) might help more people to avoid soap. No trial reported on the third outcome 'number of people that were not happy with the treatment', or on the side effects. We concluded that there is little evidence on the best way for people to be treated for IAD, so we do not know if there are any good ways to prevent or treat IAD in people.
We included seven randomised controlled trials with 333 participants in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two studies were in an outpatient setting, and two were unclear. The age of the patients in the trials ranged from 2 to 18 years. The antiviral agents used in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The quality of the evidence is very low. The majority of included studies had problems with their design or conduct that could affect the reliability of their results. The risk of bias for all included studies was either unclear or high. The results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Future studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be combined due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcomes there was no statistically significant difference in antiv
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving a total of 2250 people. Insulin glargine was dosed twice-daily in the evening. The results showed no significant difference in the number of people with low blood sugar (less than 7%) or high blood glucose (more than 30% with or without hypoglycaemia) in the two treatment groups. Insulins glargate and insulin detemir were associated with similar blood sugar control. However, insulin glargines resulted in a lower daily basal insulin dose and a lower number of injection site reactions. There was no difference between the two drugs in the variability of blood glucose values in 24-hour profiles between treatment groups, and it was not possible to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or mortality. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality oflife and showed no differences between treatment group.
This review of trials found that SNS can improve bowel movements and continence in a small number of people with incontinence. In addition, SNS does not seem to cause side effects. However, it is not clear whether SNS is effective in relieving pain, bloating, or pain at the site of the implant. SNS may cause some side effects, such as: pain at site of an implant (6%), pain in the thigh (2%), and tingling (9%) in the vagina (9%). SNS has not been shown to be helpful in constipated patients. More research is needed to find out if SNS should be used for constipation.
The review of trials found that molar tubes bonded to either a molar band (molar bands) or molar bands to be more prone to first time loss of teeth (decalcation) than molar tubs that were bonded to glass ionomechic (a type of cement) cement. There were no other adverse events. There was not enough data to be sure of the effects of molar tube bonding on first time tooth loss. There is a need for more research in this field.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible for this review. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staging EUS. Overall the quality of the studies was good. The diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be considered to be helpful to guide doctors in the staging of people with Gastric cancer. However, we must be warned that EUS may be less accurate in diagnosing the presence of tumours in the stomach, and that it is less accurate when we compare it with the ability of EU to detect tumours that have spread beyond the stomach. We found that the diagnostic accuracy was not high in all studies. We must be aware that the results should be viewed with caution, as the results of the EUS tests were not consistent. We also need to be aware of the fact that the studies were not of high quality, which means that we cannot be certain of the results.
We found six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants. The trials compared day-surgery laparoscopic cholecysplasty (n = 239) with night-surgic (in the night-time group) laparoscopy. The number of people in each of the trials was between 28 and 150. The mean age of the people in the trials varied from 40 and 47 years. The proportion of women in each trial ranged from 74% to 84%. There was no significant difference in the rate of deaths in the two groups. There was also no difference between the groups in terms of the rate for serious side effects. There were no major side effects such as pain. The quality of life of the patients was not improved. There is no evidence that there is an effect of the day-surgical approach on the time taken for people to return to work, their normal activities, or their time to go back to work. We found that there was no evidence of an effect on the number of patients who had to be readmitted to the hospital. The risk of death was low in all the trials. The length of time that people were in the trial was short. We could not be sure that there were no deaths in one or more trials. We did not find any clear evidence that the risk of dying from any cause was lower in people who had day- or overnight stay laparocaps. There are too few trials to be sure of the effects of day- and night-scopes. The results of this review should be treated with some care. More trials are needed.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants. We found that high-concentration topical capsaicin used to treat chronic pain in adults with HIV/AIDS, postherpetic nerve pain (pain in the brain), painful nerve pain, and painful nerve damage in the legs (painful numbness, tingling, and tingle) was as good or better than other treatments. We did not find any studies that used a 'diluted' (fake) active treatment. High-concussive capsaicine was more effective than a placebo (dummy) cream (disease control) for pain relief. We also found that it was as effective as a higher dose (10% or more), but with less side effects. The effect of high-conscentration capsaicins on pain was not as good as for 'active' treatment. We could not be sure if high- or low-consultants knew which group they were in, and we could not tell if they had been given the 'dummy' treatment (dilute). We did find one small study (46 people) of 46 people who had pain in their legs for a long time after a herniorrhaphy, but it did not show that high or low doses of capsaicina made a difference. We were able to combine the results of two small studies, which did not use the same methods, and found that the same number of people had pain relief with high- and low- or very-high-consistency capsaicIN. We rated the quality of the studies as very low for pain, low- to low-constraints, and low for side effects, due to small numbers of events. We judged no deaths to be linked to the use of the drug. We downgraded the quality to low for most of the pain-relieving effects due to lack of data. We graded the quality for the
We included three trials involving 6343 participants in this review. The trials differed in the methods of measuring carotid stenosis, and in the type of stroke. We did a combined analysis of the data from 6092 people. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis (N = 1746, risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 2.01), had no significant effect in participants having 30% to 49% narrowing, was of benefit in people with 50% to 69% narrowing and was highly beneficial in people having 70% to 99% narrowing. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants having 50% or 69% symptomatic narrowing, and highly beneficial for those with 70% or 99% stenotic narrowing without near-occlusion (moderate-quality evidence). There was no evidence of benefit for people with near-OCclusion (low-quality information). We found high-quality data on the risk of death from any cause.
We included 10 studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of a planned surgery for: rectal cancer (37/60), ulcerative (14/60) colitis (14 of the 60) and other (7/60). The results of the studies were not consistent. We found no evidence that one of the two methods was better than the other. We also did not find clear evidence that either of the methods were better than other. None of the 10 studies measured the number of people who died. The results from the studies we found did not show that one method was better or worse than the others. We did find that there was no difference in the risk of parastomies (hernies). We found that there were no studies that measured the other types of herniedness. We could not tell if one method is better or worst for the patient. The quality of the evidence was low, and we were unable to draw firm conclusions. The studies were of poor or very low quality.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of one or more treatment groups) that looked at the effects of psychosocial treatments for people who have had a stroke. We found 24 studies, with 2126 people. We included people with a range of ages, with a mean age of 40 years. We did not include people who had been in treatment for at least six months. We compared supportive therapy with standard care. The evidence is current to May 2013. We were interested in the effects on relapse, hospitalisation, mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the person receiving the treatment. We also looked at whether there were any differences between the treatments in terms of quality of life, rates of relapse, leaving the study early and quality of the treatment itself. We could not identify any differences in the outcomes of relapse or improvement in mental state between supportive therapy and standard care, but we found some differences in hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in the mental state, satisfaction of the care and satisfaction with the treatment for people receiving supportive therapy. We rated the quality of evidence as very low. We judged the overall quality to be very low because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of people in the studies. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation and general mental state that suggest advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapy, but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as low quality. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, with a total of 949 participants. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blind and one open-label. None had a placebo only control; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with an opioid, three NSAIDs plus an opioid or an opioid plus an NSAIDs and one both. None of the studies had a control group. Most studies were of low- or very low-certainty. There was no high quality evidence that NSAIDs are helpful for people with cancer pain. We found that some people with pain that was not very bad at the start of the study, but was not much worse than mild, can have their pain reduced to mild or no worse than no worse by two weeks. There were no deaths, but 22 people died. Side effects with NSAIDs were reported, but most were mild. Common side effects were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of taste (14%), somnolence (11%), and pain in the legs (11%). Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of effect (24%), or side effects (5%). There is no high-quality evidence to show that NSAID use is helpful. There is very low quality evidence to support the use of NSAIDs for the three steps of the three-step-WHO pain ladder.
We found two studies, which involved 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was low. This study showed that pain at day two, three, and 4 was lower in people treated with tinzaparin, and at day 4, the pain was lower, as measured by a scale. Thus, people treated in this single small, low-molecular (weight) heparin group had less pain, and less time to resolve their pain. They had less time spent in hospital. Two people with sickle cell died, and two people with low blood counts had bleeding. The second small, unclear-risk-of-bias (risk of bias: there was a high chance that the results would not be the same) study (34 people) was a conference abstract. It did not address one of the main outcomes we were looking for. The results of this single study were not very clear. We rated the quality as low, as there were too few people in the study, and there were not enough events. We judged that the two studies were at a high to low risk of being biased. The main reasons for this were the small number of people in each group, and the fact that the studies were small.
We searched for randomised controlled trials comparing anticoagulants with anti-platelet drugs in people who had a stroke. We did not find any trials of either drug in people with a stroke, but we did find 36 studies. There were no trials that compared either drug with a control. We found no evidence that there was a difference in the risk of death, stroke, or death due to stroke. There was no clear evidence of a difference for the outcome of death. There are no trials to show that anticoactive drugs, such as antifungal drugs, are better than control for the treatment of stroke.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (2066 patients) that compared silver-containing dressings and other treatments with non-silver-dressing (non-sulphuric) dressings. We grouped results by wound type (wound type) and the type of dressings, and by the type and amount of silver used. We found that there was not much evidence to show that silver-coated gauze, or other dressings (such as those made from gold) or cream (like the one in this review) are better than a non-silvage dressing. There was also not much data on the use of silver-coloured dressings or cream. We did find that there were some studies that showed that a silver-based dressings may be more likely to heal wounds, but there was no clear evidence that it was more likely than a dressings made of non-s Sulphurics. We could not be sure that silver sulphate cream, which has been shown to be less likely to cause wound infection, was more effective than non-slip dressing.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen (drugs) versus another, but the type of drug used in each study varied. We found no difference in the risk of death or the length of time spent in the ICU for people with VAP. We did find that carbapenems were more likely to cure VAP, but we did not find a difference in death, length of stay in ICU, or side effects. We also found that people who took a single carbapene (or carbapentem) had a higher chance of being cured of VAP than those who took two or more drugs. We could not find any studies that compared the best antibiotic treatment for VAP and we could not be sure which drug was the best. We rated the quality of the evidence for all-cause deaths, death, and the time people spent in ICUs as low. We downgraded the quality for the other outcomes of death, side effects, and length of the time a person was in the intensive care unit (ICU). We found that the evidence on VAP was of very low- or low- quality. The main reasons for this were lack of studies, small sample size, and lack of data.
We found 29 studies investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. These policies were most often of older people or low income people or both. The effects of policies varied by drug class and whether they were restrictive or not. When policies targeted the non-steroid (non-steric) and gastric (acid) suppressant (acidic) drugs, the use of these drugs decreased, and the cost of drugs was reduced. However, there was no increase in the use or cost of health services. In the case of the gastric-acid-dispute drug, the cost savings on drugs were substantial. Relaxing the rules for the use and use of drugs to prevent drug misuse was also effective, but the cost was not reduced. The effects of these policies on the health of people with heart disease or stroke, or both, were unclear. The review found that restricting drug use and costs can be reduced, but that it can also lead to harm. It is not clear how these policies should be applied to people of all ages, and it is unclear how they should be measured. More research needs to be done to find out which drugs are best for which people.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of different methods of one to-one ointment for oral health. Nineteen studies met the review criteria with a total of 4232 people. The included studies used a wide range of methods, including: one- to- one ointments, oral health maintenance, dental caries, and oral health promotion. There was no single method of one-to-1 ophthalmography. The studies were of low to very low or very low quality. We found that there was no clear evidence that any of these methods were better or worse than any other in terms of the effects of one ophthalmic ophthalmoscopes. There were no studies that looked at the effects on the health of the teeth. We did not find any clear evidence to support the use of a single one to one OH as being more or less effective than other methods. There is a need for more high- quality studies to find out which methods of OHA are best. These studies should be of high quality. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014.
This review found five small trials that compared oral steroids with placebo (dummy treatment) or no treatment. One trial reported significant short-term benefits in pain, range of range of movement of the shoulder (23.3 degrees) and shoulder pain score (18.1) for the oral steroids group. There was no difference in pain or shoulder range of motion for the steroid group. A second trial found no clear difference in the pain of the oral steroid group with or without the use of a steroid. A third trial found a more rapid initial reduction in pain for those who took oral steroids, but the effect was small. There were no major side effects. The review found that oral steroids may be helpful in the short- term but the effects may not last long. The trials were small and of poor quality. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homologous. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials made them more prone to bias. None of the trials reported on the outcome of ALS functional rating scale (ALSFRS-R). One trial did not provide data that we could use for our primary outcome. One of the three trials did, however, provide data in a way that could be used for our secondary outcome. There was no difference in the ALSFRS-r score at 12 months in the rT MS test. Additionally, there were no reports of adverse events. We conclude that, in view of the small sample size, the poor quality of the studies, and the lack of data, we are not sure if r TMS is safe. More research is needed.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1049 participants. All trials compared different treatments, none of them had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 293.70) than prednisolone alone, while in the other trial clobetasol (clobetacil) showed more disease control (1.0 mg/kg: RR 1.79, 95%, CI 2.11 to 2.90), with significantly fewer adverse events (RR 1.06, 95%) than oral prednisolate (RR 0.99, 95%). No differences in disease control were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisoleone (one trial each), for azathioprine (one study), for tetracycline (one) and nicotinamide (one), for prednisorone plus azithioprine compared with prednison alone (one, one trial), for mycophenolate mofetil (one; one study) plus prednnisone compared with mycopheneolate m ofetil plus prednasolone (1, one study), and for tetracerol plus prednosolone plus tetracerol compared with tetracere (one). Chinese traditional medicine (one small trial) was not effective in one trial. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids with a milder regimen in one study. In another trial, clobetsol showed significantly more adverse events than oral steroids in people with extensive and moderate disease (RR 2.09, 95.02 to 1.17) with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors
This review of trials found that some herbal medicines may be beneficial for the symptoms of this chronic disease. However, the quality of the trials was low. The trials were small and the results were not conclusive. Some herbal medicines are not suitable for use in all people. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the efficacy and safety of LNG and LNG regimens. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were carried out in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses of LNG were levonorgestrel (LNG), LNG 0.75 mg (11 studies), and other LNG drugs, LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 trials), and hormones, other than LNG. Outcomes were pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptable. Most women liked the pericoital LNG method, in spite of frequent menstrual cramps. Menstrual cramps were the most common. However, the studies did not provide consistent evidence that there was a link between the number of women who had bleeding and the frequency of pill use. Most of the side effects were mild. The trials were of poor quality. Rigorous research is still needed.
This review included 15 studies with 561 participants. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young people, but two of the studies were from a much wider age range. Eight studies were of high quality. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 patients compared the use of a surgical clamp with a conventional clamp. The results of the trials were mixed. There was strong evidence of an effect of the surgical clamp on this outcome. There were no clear differences in the length of time that the patients had to be treated. There is also moderate quality evidence that there is some evidence to suggest that there are some benefits of using a small, single screw to reinforce the teeth. There are no clear results on harms of any of the methods. The quality of the evidence for the main outcome, the mesiodistal (mesh) movement, was moderate. This means that we have moderate or low confidence in the results.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants) comparing statins with placebo (a fake drug) or no statin (placebo). We found that statins reduce the risk of death, major heart disease, and death due to any cause by 20% in people with CKD. Statins also reduce the risks of stroke, heart attack, or death from heart disease. We found no evidence that statin treatment has an effect on the risk for people with early stage CKD, who are not yet in need of a blood-dye transplant. We were not able to combine data from 38 studies (37,274 people). We were able to include 38 studies in our analyses. The risk of bias was high. Seven studies (39,820 people) compared statins to placebo or no treatment. The studies were conducted according to published protocols. In the studies, participants were assigned to a group of people who were given statins or a group who were not, and the results were compared. We did not find enough data to be sure if statins were better or worse for people who had CKD who did not have CVD. We could not be sure of the effects of the drugs on people with CVD, but we found that people who took statins had less risk of dying from a heart attack. We do not know if people who did have CKD had more or less risk for stroke. We also could not tell if people had more side effects. We are not sure if people were less or less well-lung or blood pressure problems. We can be sure that people taking statins do not have more or more heart attacks. We cannot be sure what the effects are on people who have CKDs who are in the early stage. We need more studies to find out. We recommend that more research is done in this area.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 379 participants. Nine trials evaluated the use of painkillers for pain in children with cypso-cypsoaemic palsy. Five of the trials were on CP and four were on OI. The trials were conducted in the USA, one in Italy and one in the UK. The children in the trials had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies were parallel designed RCTs. Three of the CP trials evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) and all of the OI trials evaluated bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five out of the eight identified studies. For the two ITB trials, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo) (mean difference (MD) 4.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.15 to 6.25; MD 26.60, 95/CI 2.61 to 50.59, respectively). In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. No adverse events were reported in this trial. At follow-up in both BoNT-a trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent
We searched the medical literature for clinical trials that compared the effects of latreirdine with placebo (dummy drug) in people with AD. We found seven trials, with 1697 people. Three trials involved 1243 people and four trials involving 1034 people. The evidence is current to September 2015. We did not find any trials that looked at the effect of latrepirdine on cognition, behaviour, or side effects. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality. However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit of the drug on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoint (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that latrepiritine and placebo were comparable in side effects, serious side effects and dropouts due to adverse events. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low due to the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and risk of bias. Nevertheless, the evidence so far suggests that while not being associated with an increased risk of side effects compared with placebo, there is no effect of this drug on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of lat repiritine on neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD.
We included seven randomised controlled trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke. We found low-quality evidence from three trials (involving 371 people) that RIC may reduce the risk of a stroke in people who have had a stroke due to blockage. We did not find any evidence that RCTs prevent stroke. In people with stroke who had a block in the carotid stent, there was no difference in the rate of stroke in the two groups. However, RIC was found to be more likely than non-RIC to cause side effects. We also found that people who had stroke due or near a block had more risk of dying or being dependent on others for blood clotting. We could not assess the risk that people had of dying from a stroke, of having a stroke because of a clot, or from having a heart or blood clot in their veins. We were not able to assess whether RIC caused side effects, such as death, heart attack, or stroke. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were the small number of studies and the low number of people in the studies.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found low-quality evidence that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups (triceps MD 0.06 mm/wk, one RCT, 20 infants; or subscapularMD 0.00 mm/week). There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. The risk of feeding intolerance, necrotizing enterocolitis, and serum albumin concentrations were not clearly increased. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifiers and be designed to determine the effects on duration of hospital stay and safety, as well as on the long term growth, body weight, cardio-mechanical, and neurodevelopment outcomes.
We searched for studies that compared PEMs to no intervention, to any other PEM, or to other types of interventions. We found 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and compared to no treatment, PEMS may have a small effect on the professional practice of doctors. We did not find enough studies to be sure of this effect. There is not enough data to be certain that PEM is helpful to patients.
This review of 23 randomised controlled trials found that interventions for young women, which aim to promote safe sex behaviours, can be effective, but there is a need for more research. Most of the trials were from the USA, and most were carried- out in health-care clinics. The majority of the studies were of short duration. The interventions were of mixed quality. They varied in their methods, length of the programme and the type of STI being tested. There were few studies that looked at HPV (human papillomaviruses), and none of them looked at whether HPV is a cause of cancer. There was some evidence that some of the interventions were effective in increasing the use of condoms. However, there were no clear effects on abstaining from, or reducing sex. There is a lack of evidence on HPV and its link to cancer. Future research is needed.
We included twenty studies with 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care, or with a conventional way of giving information. One small study, which was funded by a government agency, found that people who were given brief psychoeducational treatment were less likely to be non-compliant with treatment in the short term, and were more likely to take their medication. People who were treated with a brief course of brief psychotherapy were more than twice as likely to have a relapse (remission) than people who did not have a course. People in the brief psychotherapies group were more satisfied with their treatment, and people in the control group were no more or no less happy. People receiving a brief form of psychotherapy were more or less likely than those not given a course to be able to comply with their medication, and to be in the long term. People with a short course of short-term treatment were more and less likely (in the short and the mid term), to be depressed and to have more social function. There was no difference found in the risk of death. We found that brief psychosocial treatment can help people to be more aware, to be less aware of their mental state, and more and more people to take part. We did not find that it was better than usual care. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low. This means that we have little or no confidence in the results.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent flare ups. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that only people with recent flareups were included. This study was of high risk of bias. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by drug companies, thus we rated them as being at high risk for bias. The unsponsored study was at high-risk of bias, as it was at risk of performance bias, which means that its results may be biased. We found that LAMA+LABA has fewer flare ups, better lung function, and more frequent improvement in lung function. We also found that people with COPD who took part in the LAMA/LABA group had less chance of having a flare up, and were at less risk of dying. We did not find studies that looked at people who took the LABA+LAB group. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or moderate for most of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. All children were discharged from the emergency department but not on time to return. The studies compared heliox with 30% humidified air (30% of the body’s airway open) or with no treatment. All three studies were of low or unclear quality. One study of 15 children with mild croup found that there may be no difference in croup scores at 20 and 90 minutes postintervention. There may be little or no difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate at 20 minutes. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen given one or two doses of adrenaline. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment, and in the third study, 29 children with severe to moderate croup were treated with intramuscular dexametasone and either heloxy with one to two doses, or 100% airway oxygen (one to two) with three hours. Heliox may slightly improve croup score scores at 60 minutes after intervention, but there may not be any difference between the two groups at 120 minutes. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean respiratory rates at 90 minutes, but this may be not a difference overall. There was no information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. We could not pool the available data because each comparison included data from only one study. Due to very limited evidence, uncertainty remains about
The review of trials found that there is limited evidence that a few red flags, such as the 'gold-standard' 'gold star' test, can be used to screen for vertebral fracture. Based on single studies, the red flag test for vertebral fracture is not useful as most of the red flags are of poor accuracy. The results of the studies suggest that a small subset, or 'gold leaf' red flag tests, may be useful. However, these red flags have a high false positive rate. It should be noted that if these redflags were to be used, they would have high costs in terms of time, money and patient care. Further research is needed to find out which red flags work best to screen people with LBP.
The review of trials found that there were insufficient data to determine which is the best way to treat urethral stricture. There were also too few data to be sure that the results were valid.
This review of trials found that inhaled corticosteroids (budesonide (a drug) and beclomethasone (an antifungal) (a steroid) are equally safe, but there was some low-to-moderate growth suppression with inhaled ICS. There was no difference in the risk of patients having one or more flare ups (flare ups) and the rate of side effects. There were no data on the effect on lung function. There is no evidence that daily ICS is a better treatment for people with asthma. There are too few trials to be sure of the long-term effects of these treatments. More research is needed.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 people with kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people. Eleven studies (900 people) compared dietary advice with or without advice to change their diet. Six studies (739 people) evaluated a range of dietary patterns. One study (191 people) of a low-iron, low-pulp, and low-phenol diet, two (181 people) studies (181 and 355 people) comparing a fruit and vegetable diet, and two (355 and 12) studies of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet (both with a high-nutrient diet). The evidence is up to date as of April 2018. The studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In very-low quality evidence, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding heart disease, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Dietary interventions may increase health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Dietary intervention may have uncertain effects on death, cardiovascular events and ESKD as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. Dietary programmes may have beneficial effects on health- related quality oflife, e-GFR and serumalbumin, but the certainty of this effect is very low as these results were not reported. The evidence was of low quality. The quality of the evidence was downgraded because of the small numbers of studies and participants, and because the results were imprecise. We recommend that further research is conducted to test the effects of dietary interventions on patient outcomes. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research in the setting of CKD, and preliminary evidence of beneficial effects for clinical outcomes, large-scale pragmatic RCTs are required.
We found only one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and pains in the chest. Participants were randomised into three groups: nebulised salbutamol, nebulise a mist (salt water), and mist in a tent. The study found that the ne-bronzepine inhalers were more effective than the mist-in-the-tent group in reducing the symptoms of bronchiolitis. The mist- in-the tent group did not show a reduction in RDS. There was no difference in the RDS score in the mist and ne-bulise groups. We found no adverse effects. We conclude that there is not enough data to support the use of mist or mist in the tent for the treatment of young people with bronchioleirosis. More research is needed.
We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's disease and most were on a statin. The primary outcome in all studies was change in the cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled data, statins did not reduce the risk of dementia-like symptoms. All studies provided change in a test of mental state (MMSE). There was no significant benefit from statins. Three studies reported on treatment- related side effects. When we combined the data, there was no difference in the change in ADAS-cog or MMSE. There was also no difference between the two groups. There were no differences in the effect of statins on global function, behaviour, global function or daily living. We found no studies on the role of statin in treatment of VaD. Analyses from the four studies, which we found, indicate that there is no benefit from the use of statine in the treatment of dementia.
This review identified four studies involving 149 participants. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults. There were no significant differences in ankle range of motion in the two groups. One study assessed the benefit of prednisone in 103 young boys with Duchenne muscle disease. There was no evidence of any benefit from any of the treatments. One of the studies showed that a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day was no better than 0.5 mg daily. There is no clear evidence that night splints are better than not wearing a splint. One small study of 20 young boys found that a 12 month surgery was better than no treatment. However, the boys had to have a further 12 months of follow up to be sure of this. By 24 months, some boys in the group of boys who had a tendon tear in their leg had to be re-surged. There are too few data to be certain that night-splinting is a good way to improve ankle range or strength. More research is needed.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing upright and ambulant (in the first stage) versus bed-like (in bed) or recumbent (in a bed) positions. The trials were of good quality. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that walking and upright positions in the first stages of labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and did not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. For comparison 2, walking and ambulants versus recumbents in bed care (with epidural: all women), there was no significant difference in duration of the second stage of labour or other outcomes relating to mothers' well-being. The quality of the included trials was variable, and the results should be interpreted with caution. There is clear and important evidence that upright and mobile positions are safe and effective in first-stage labour. Women in low-risk labour should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose. Given the great heterogeneity and high performance bias of the study situations, better quality trials are still required to confirm with any confidence the true risks and benefits compared with recumbency positions for all women.
We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of treatments for TOS. We found three RCTs that compared different treatments, but only two of them had a follow-up of six months. The first trial compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavic nerve block (SNBP). The second trial compared a botulinum toxin (BTX), a drug that is used to treat TOS, with a saline (salt) injection. There was no evidence that BTX was better than SNBP. There were no side effects in either group. There is moderate evidence to suggest that treatment with BTX injections did not show any great benefit from their use. There are no trials that have compared other treatments. We did not find any trials that compared the use of TOS with no treatment. We need more trials to find out which is the best way to treat people with TOS and which is not. There needs to be more trials that look at the same treatments for people with both TOS of the same type.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference (WMD) -1.07; 95% CI -2.19 to -0.85) and function. However, ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not beneficial. One trial showed significant symptom improvement at six months. Four trials involving 193 people examined oral steroids, splints, diuretics, non-steroid drugs and nonsteroids. Two trials (51 people) found yoga to be helpful. In one trial involving 50 people, steroid, glucosamine (a type of steroid), insulin and glucosage (a drug) injections were found to be effective. In two trials (50 people) yoga was found to help with pain. In the other trials, the use of a splint or wrist splinting did not help. In four trials (193 people) the effects of oral steroids (steroids, diurestic drugs, nonsteroid and diuretic drugs) were not shown to be important. In three trials (21 people), carpal bone mobilisation (where the bone is moved to move the bone) was shown to help. None of the other non-surgic treatments were shown to work. In all the trials, there were no major side effects. The review found that there is a need for more trials to compare the effects on pain, function, and side effects of treatments. More trials are needed to compare treatments, and to assess how long they last.
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 708 patients. One trial compared IVS with observation. The other trial compared dexamethasone intravitreal implants (n = 290) with sham injections. The evidence is current to August 2018. The two RCTs enrolled participants with CRVO-ME. The trial comparing IVS to observation found that IVS was associated with a higher incidence of adverse events than observation alone. The most commonly reported adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
This review identified six randomised trials involving 394 children. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant effect of intrinsic steroid drugs (corsets) in children with adenoids that are too large to pass through the nose. The first trial (eight weeks) showed that beclometsone (336 mcg/day) given to 38% of the children with mild to severe adenoid hypertrophy improved their symptoms, and the size of the nose (adenoid) was reduced. The second (four-week) and third (four) trials (eight-week, four-week and eight-week cross-over) also showed that intrainsic corticosteroids (400 mcg or 500 mcg) improved symptoms, but none of the trials found that they had an effect on the size or symptoms of adenosis. The third (eight week) and fourth (four weeks) trials showed that fluticasone (400mcg/daily) significantly reduced nasal obstruction symptoms and adenoidal size, and that nasal obstructionectomy could be avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline. In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in symptoms nor in the size and appearance of the nasal adena after eight weeks of treatment with a steroid drug (200 mcg per day). The long-term efficacy of intranasal steroids in these patients remains to be defined.
We found one small randomised controlled trial that involved 24 women. The study was conducted in Mexico and involved 24 pregnant women who were not in labour. The women were randomly assigned to a group who were given a control group (control group) who were treated with drugs to lower blood pressure, blood thinners (anti-hypertensive drugs), plasma-expanders (a type of blood thinner) and dypyridamole (a drug to reduce blood clots), or a group that was given an extra dose of the drugs. This study did not report on all of this review's key results. We could not combine the results of the two groups. We did not find any clear evidence to show that the use of epidurals to lower the tone of the vaso-vatrum (the part of the womb where the baby’s heart beats) resulted in better outcomes for the mother. We found that the change in the change of the blood pressure of the mother (the change in blood flow to the brain) and the baby (the blood flow in the lungs) was not different in the two group. We were not able to combine the data from the single study that we found. We need more research to find out how long should an extra epidural drug be used, how long could it be used and how much could be spent. We do not know if there are any side effects of the drug. We also need to know if the drug is safe. We are not sure how long the drug should be used. We think there are too few studies to be sure that the drug works and that it is safe and that there are no side effects. We would like to see more research in this area. This is an update of an earlier review. We last searched for studies in January 2016.
We included 16 randomised clinical trials with 927 participants. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, and up to at least one year. The trials were at high risk of bias. Glucocorticosteroids were given by mouth (e.g. by injection) or by injection (oral or parenterally) for a median 28 days (range 3 days to 12 weeks). The trials did not report on follow-up beyond three months. There was no evidence of effect of glucocortics on all-cause mortality up to three months, or on health- related (health) quality-life, up to a mean of 1.04 points (range 0.11 to 0). There was low-certainty (low) evidence of no effect on death due to a cause, liver- or liver-related deaths, the number of people who had any complications, and the number who had non-serious (non-life threatening) side effects. We are not very sure if glucocorts are better or worse for people with liver disease. We cannot be sure of the effect of the drugs on the health, because we did not find any studies that reported this. We also do not know if the drugs have an effect on the people's health. We need more trials that are of high quality. The studies should be of good quality, with a low risk of random errors, and should be blinded.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young, and the timing of the stroke was varied. The interventions, controls and outcomes varied, and thus we could not pool the results. We found limited evidence that the use of a video-guided driving simulator (based on one small study with 73 people) may be helpful for people who have had stroke. There was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores in any of the four studies. There were no adverse effects. We could not find any RCTs that looked at on- road driving. We did not find enough data to be sure that the simulator-based driving programme was better than no training. We were not sure if it was safe. We do not know if it is safe to use it. We are not sure whether it has an effect on vision, other aspects of cognition, or on people’s driving behaviour. We cannot be sure if the simulator is safe. There is a need for more research in this field.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). The average age of study participants was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men varied (58% to 84%), and COPD was classified as severe (COPD was severe or very severe). Corticosteroids were given at the same dose (three to 10 mg daily) for three to seven days, and for 10 to 15 days. Five of the studies were funded by drug companies. The duration of the treatment ranged from three to 14 days. The studies were at low risk of bias. In four studies we did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure between short-duration and longer-duration systemic corticosteroid treatment, which was equivalent to 22 fewer per 1000 for short duration and 51 fewer to 34 more for longer duration. No difference in risk of relapse (a new event) was observed between short duration (four studies) and longer duration (five studies) of systemic cortics. Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was powered to detect non-inferiority (time to the start of the next exacerbation) and compared five days versus 14 days of systemic steroid treatment. Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment did not change between short and longer courses of systemic steroids. In five studies no difference in an adverse event was found between the short- duration and the longer duration of treatment. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days of oral steroids is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter courses (of around five days) lead
We found one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) that compared a blood transfusion policy that was either restrictive (where blood is transfused at a low blood count of 72 g/L) or a high blood count (where the blood is at 96 g/l) with no transfusions. The one trial was of low or very low quality. The study did not report on the number of deaths, the risk of death, the need for blood transfusions, or the need to have a blood test. There were no serious adverse events (e.g. infection, bleeding). There were also no reported effects on the quality of life of the patients. The quality of the evidence was very low. There is currently a lack of evidence for a specific transfusion approach. Further trials are needed to determine the best way to give blood to people with MDS. This review was based on a single small study. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the use of games as a teaching tool. The first study was based on the popular TV game show, "Family Feud". The second study compared game-based learning (Snake and Ladders) with traditional case-based learnings of stroke prevention and management. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games for health professionals. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review of trials found that there was some evidence that lithium or antidepressants might help people with unipolar affective disorder to avoid relapsing. There was no clear evidence that they were better or worse than each other. There were too few trials to be sure of this. There is a need for more long-term trials in this field.
This review of two randomised controlled clinical trials with 130 patients (67 and 63) found that amifostine did not reduce xerostomies or blood pressure in the salivary glands. There was no difference in the function of the glands at three months. The two trials did not assess the risk of death, illness or costs.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU, while the third study looked at a parent-medicine plus clinician-medication plus clinicine versus a clinico-medications-only approach. The studies lasted from 12 weeks to six months. Two of the three studies were very small, which means that they are likely to be of little or no use. The findings from the three small studies were varied. We found that there was no clear evidence that the parent-led interventions had an effect on language or language development. One of the studies found that the parents in the parent group could use more targeted words and phrases to target their child, but this was not maintained 12 months later. The third study found gains for the parent groups on total-language measures, but there was not enough data to be sure that these gains would be maintained. One study did not find that parents were less likely to have a higher level of stress than those in the TAU group. No study found that parents had a better level of language control or improved language skills than those who had not been given the intervention. The study that looked at parents' use of parent-made strategies found that they were more likely to use them, and in one study they were still using them at 12 months. No studies looked at how well parents were able to take part in the sessions. One found that most of the parents who had been in the intervention groups were still doing so, and that most were still taking part at one-year follow-up. The evidence is current to September 2016. We considered the overall quality of the evidence to be very low, meaning that we have very little confidence in the results. This means that further research is very likely to change our confidence in these results. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies included in this review, the very low
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-up on death, on serious adverse events, and on health-based quality (QoL). We did find that, when compared with no treatment, people who did exercise may be more likely to be able to move their legs more than those who did not. We did not find that people who had an exercise class had better QoL. We could not assess the impact on the health of people who were not in the exercise group. We found that people in the group who had a group of people with a group that did not do exercise may have been more able to do more exercise. We are not sure if this was due to the fact that people were not doing the exercise. There is not enough data to be sure if people who are in the groups that did do the exercise did not have more side effects. We do know that there is a need for more high-level randomised trials to be done to assess the effects of this type of exercise. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1130 participants) that evaluated the effects of spiritual and other non-healthcare treatments for people with terminal illness. Two of the studies (two studies) evaluated the effect of a single session (meditate) of a guided meditation, and the others (two more studies) assessed the effect (multidirectional) of palliate care. The studies evaluated a range of different kinds of treatments. In the studies, two studies (meditation and a palliative care treatment) found no difference in the effect on well-being. In one of the palliation care studies, the effect was seen in the short term. In both the studies it was not clear if the interventions were part of the same treatment. In all the studies there was no clear evidence that any of the treatments had an effect on the well- being of the people. We found that there is a need for more research in this field. We also found that the studies were small, of poor quality, and that they were not well-conducted. We conclude that there are too few studies to be sure that such treatments are effective. More research on such treatments is needed. The quality of these studies was low, and we found that they did not report all of the details of how they were carried out. This means that we do not know if they were well-designed, or if they had flaws in their methods that could lead to bias.
We included six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our main outcome measure (improvement in impairment). We found no evidence that tDCS had an effect on the change in UPDRS score. However, there was evidence that there was an effect of an increase in gait speed. One study with 25 people with dyskinere syndrome (a type of mental health problem) found no effect on time spent off- and-on time, but there was some evidence that it may be reduced. We did not find a difference in time spent on the floor (off-time) with tDCS. We also found one study with 16 people with IPD that looked at tDCS and movement therapy. There was no effect of this treatment. We were not able to assess the effect of the tDCS on the time spent in the bed, time spent lying in bed, or the time that the pain was not controlled. We could not tell if tDCS was better than sham tDCS, but we could tell that it was no better. We are not sure how tDCS might affect the time people spend in bed. We do not know if tCS is better or worse for people with Parkinson's who have IPD. There is no evidence to show that tCS has an effect. We cannot be sure if tDCs are better than no tDCS for people who have had a stroke. We can tell that there is little or no difference in the time taken off-time, time that people are on the bed (time that pain is not controlled), and time that symptoms are not controlled, but the pain is controlled. There may be little to choose between tDCS or sham tCS. We need more research to find out if tCDs are more or less good for IPD people.
We included 12 studies (N = 461) in this update of a previous review. We excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. We included four studies from the previous review in this review. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations in the way the studies were carried out. Two small studies (32 patients) compared LASB to a sham (fake) treatment (placebo). They found no significant short-term benefit for LASBs for pain intensity. One small study (36 patients) at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one-year follow-up but not at short term follow- up (very low quality evidence). Of two studies that investigated LASBS as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from LAsB (very-low quality evidence), and eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatment (low- to very-low-quality evidence). One study compared ultrasound-guided LASBP with non-guided local anaesthesia and found no clinically important difference in the pain outcomes. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. This update's results are similar to the previous versions of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetics for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that LASAB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS, but there is no
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with Bell’s palsy who had been treated with a drug to stop the spread of the virus. We also looked at people who had Bell's palsy of all ages, who had not been treated, and who had had Bells palsies of all types. We found fourteen RCTs, with 2488 people. Most were small, and most were at high risk of bias. We included four new studies in this update. The combination of antivirals and corticoids may have little or no effect on the rate of Bell's-para-phylaxis (removal of the nerve) in people with mild Bell's paratars. There was no clear effect on rates of complete or partial recovery. For people with severe Bell's, we found no clear difference in rates of Bell‘s-plasmodium (disorder of the limbs) or partial (disfunction of the whole limb) between the treatment groups. We did find that people with a mild form (5- to 6-point scale) of Bell'S-parasite) may be more likely to be able to walk, run, swim, or play with their hands and feet if they are treated with corticosteroids. We could not be sure that the effect of the corticostimulants on the rates of partial or full recovery was the same for people with more severe forms (7- to 10-point-scale). We found that people who were treated with the antiviral drug, or both, may be less likely to have long-term side effects. We were not able to draw any clear conclusions on side effects from the use of these drugs. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low for most outcomes. The evidence is up- to-date as of April 2016.
We included two studies, including 97 women, in this review. One study compared LHRH agonists (leuprorelin and treosulfan) to a chemotherapeutic drug (treo-sterol). The other study compared a LH agonist (decapeptyl) with a fake drug. Both studies were small and of very low quality. There may be little or no difference between treatment with LHRAs (Leupo-serol or treo) or placebo (fake drug) in the treatment of EOC. There was no difference in the number of women who lived to at least six months after treatment. Quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life outcomes were not reported. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treo-superoxide (superoxide) than with leuporelin (very low-quality evidence). Side effects were reported in both studies, but only for the decapeptic group. Adverse events were incompletely reported (no adverse events in decapeptyle group, but not reported for the placebo group). Based on this review of two small RCTs, there is not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of LHRIs in the management of platinum-refractory and platinum-resistant (relapsed) EOC in comparison with placebo. Overall, the quality of evidence for all outcomes (including OS, PFS, QoL and adverse events) is very low.
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that included term and newborns with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care) in infants with mild to severe illness. One trial looked at high-speed (high-pressure) breathing. Ninos 1997 studied only infants with a herni (drum-like) herni. Inhaled nitric oxide (NO) appears to be effective in babies with hypoxic lung disease. We found that i NO reduced the risk of death or use of ECM (ECM). This was due to a reduction in the use (in the case of ECMS) of 5.3 infants. In the case with high-pressure breathing, the need for ECM was not affected. In this review, we found that infants who were treated with iNO at a dose of 20 ppm for a short time were more likely (by 50%) to have a low blood oxygen index (OI), which is a test of lung function. The OI is a measure of the amount of air in the blood that can be used to measure the amount that is in the lungs. We did not find that iNO was better or worse than high- or high-flow breathing. We could not be sure that iNOS was better than high flow breathing. Infants who had a hernias (dum-like (diaphratic) hernia were not more or less well. We were able to combine the results of six trials, which looked at the effect of iNO on OI. The results of these trials were similar. In these trials, the OI was lower in the infants who had iNO. We are not sure that this was due just to the timing of the iNO, but we do know that the babies who had it were more than twice as likely to have an OI as those who did not. We do not know if iNO
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of lumbar support for treating low-back pain. The review includes fifteen studies with a total of 14,437 people. The evidence is current to May 2013. The studies were of moderate quality. There was moderate evidence that lumbaregals are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if lumbarategals provide more effective treatment for low-backs than no treatment or other preventive treatments. There is moderate evidence to suggest that lumbs are not better than no support or training, and there is conflicting evidence on whether they provide additional preventive treatment to other interventions. There remains unclear whether lumbarb supports are more effective in treating low back pain than no or other interventions for treating people with low- backs. There are still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness and safety of lumbs. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of lmbar support.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including those who were in the ICU, in the oncology or haematology units, and in the long-term care unit. We found that the use of CVCs that were impregnant with antimicrobials (i.e., with antimicrobial drugs) to prevent blood clots (called "catheters") in the blood stream (called CVC-colonized" or "catheter-colleagues") reduced the risk of catheter infection by 2% in the CVC group. The risk of the CV being stuck was 9%. We found no difference in the risk for sepsis, death, all-cause deaths, or catheter infections. The CVC was not impregnate with antimiotics. We did not find a difference in risk for the other CVC types. We also found that there was no difference between the groups in the rate of side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for the risk-free CVC use, moderate for septage, and low for all-causing deaths. We downgraded the evidence for all other outcome measures, such as sepssis, death or cathets, due to the lack of data.
We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. Six interventions were adapted to the urban context (e.g. house, community, or'service delivery') and seven targeted household, community (or service delivery), or 'health care') via systems strengthen. The studies were carried out in a range of settings, including slums, urban and rural, and in poor countries. The main outcomes were weight gain and length. The evidence is up- to date to September 2016. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient or macronutrients supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). The evidence was of very low to moderate certainty. The certainty of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the studies were not of high quality. We found no evidence of an effect of nutrition-specific interventions on weight gain or length. There was no evidence that nutritional interventions had an effect on LBW or length, and there was low- to moderate-certainty evidence of no effect on length. None of the studies reported differences in the impact of interventions on equity issues. The quality of the evidence was very low or moderate for all outcomes. The included studies were of poor quality, and so the results should be interpreted with caution. More research is needed to assess the effects of multi-sectorial interventions, combining nutrition-focused and sensitive methods and programmes, as well as the effects on nutrition-related outcomes such as stunting. All the nutritional interventions reviewed had the potential to decrease stunting, based on evidence from outside of slum contexts; however, there was no effect of the
This review identified 12 randomised controlled trials (1023 participants) of foam dressings, which compared them with other wound dressing treatments. There was no clear evidence that foam dressers are more effective in the healing of leg ulcers than hydrocolloid (a type of wound dressings), paraffin (a foam gel) gauze (two RCTs) or hydrocapillary (a dressings made from a fluid-like fluid), or knitted (dye-like) viscose (drip) dressings. There were no clear differences in the number of people who experienced adverse events (adverse events) in the foam group (one RCT). The evidence in this area is of low to unclear quality. More high-quality research is needed to answer this question.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared celecoxib and etoricoxib (a COX-2 inhibitor) to a dummy drug (placebo) in 381 IBD. One study (n = 159) looked at the effects of the two drugs on IBD patients with rheumatology. The other study (N = 222) studied the use of the drug cele Coxib in patients with ulcerative colitis. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference in exacerbation of IBD between celecoxiber and placebo. After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) in the celecoxIB group compared to 19% (15/77) in placebo group. There were no significant differences in exacerbations of IBS between celeoxib and placebo after 12 weeks. There is no evidence that celecoxb and etricoxib do not worsen IBD symptoms. However, it should be noted that both studies had relatively small sample sizes and short follow-up durations. Eleven percent of patients in the placebo group experienced GI AEs (a type of adverse event). GI AE included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No patients experienced any cardiovascular adverse events. No serious adverse events were reported. The results for disease exacerbation and AEs between the two COX2 inhibitors celecoxbot and placebo were uncertain. Thus no definitive conclusions regarding the tolerability and safety of the short term use of celecoxi and eticoxib in IBD can be drawn. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients with IBD with rhematological manifestations in order to avoid disease exacerbations and other adverse effects. Further RCTs are needed
We found 22 trials that included over 2310 participants. The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were infected; one trial included people who were not ill, and two trials did not report the type of ulcer. The other 13 studies did not state whether the ulcers had been treated. We found that there was little or no difference in the number of people who had a wound that healed with an antifungal dressings (e.g., silver, iodides, zinc, hyaluronate, zinc hyalin, or zinc hyaluride) or with a non-antibiotic dressing. We also found that more wounds may heal with an antimicrobial (i) non-steroid (i). We found no evidence that the use of an antimicrobial (i), growth factor (growth factor, growth hormone), or growth factor-like substance (growth factor) dressing (non-antiprofen) made a difference to the rate of wound healing. There was no evidence on the risk of adverse events. We are not sure whether there is a benefit or harm in terms of the length of time that wounds heal. We do not know if there is an effect on the number or type of wound that needs to be re-cleared, or the risk that the wound has to be resected. We cannot be sure that there are any benefits or harms of using an antibiotic (i.) or growth-type dressing. There were no data on wound-healing. There is a lack of evidence on which to base our conclusions. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low. We judged the certainty to be low for most of the outcomes. This means that we have little or little confidence in the results.
We searched for studies that compared zinc supplementation with placebo (dummy treatment) or no treatment (pretend treatment). We found six studies that involved 5193 children. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of lung infections by 13%. We also found that children who took zinc had a 41% lower risk of pneumonia. However, we did not find that zinc had an effect on lung infections in children with a specific type of lung disease. We also did not see an effect of zinc on the occurrence of lower chest infection. We rated the quality of the evidence as low.
This review found that vitamin A has only a limited effect on acute LRTIs. Vitamin A causes diarrhoeal illnesses in healthy children, but does not prevent LRTI in those who are not well-nourished. This result is outside our current knowledge of the use of vitamin A to prevent acute LUTIs. Low-dose (or 'doubled' or 'triple dose) vitamin A seems to be as safe as high dose, but the effect of this low dose is not yet clear.
This review of trials found that theophylline improves lung function in people with COPD. It also improves blood gas tension at rest and lung function at rest. These benefits were seen in people receiving a number of different drugs. People taking the theopylline also had slightly better lung function tests than those not taking it. People receiving the drug had less nausea, but this was due to the fact that the drug was taken by mouth. People who took the drug were more likely to be able to do more exercise than those who did not. People on the drug did not have as much walking speed as those who took it. There was a low drop out rate in the studies. This suggests that people taking the drug may be known by the doctors to be a good fit for the drug. This may limit the results of this review.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 439 children, aged 1 year to 18 years, in this review. Each study used a different method of giving the treatment. Three studies used placebo (a pretend treatment) and seven used an egg-free diet. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies reported that children who received oral immunotherapy were able to eat more of their food (1 g to 7.5 g) and tolerated more of it without adverse events compared to children who did not receive treatment. Most children (82%) in the treatment group could eat a full serving of egg compared to 10% in the control group. However, fewer than half (45%) of children receiving oral immun therapy were able or willing to eat a whole serving of eggs compared to only 10% of children in the placebo group. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent, with 75% of the children presenting mild to severe adverse events. Of note, seven studies used a diet with an egg avoidance diet as the control. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. We found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up oral immunotherapies because of these adverse events, and 1 in 10 children stopped taking their medication. It appears that oral immuntherapy for egg allergy is effective, but confidence in the trade-off between benefits and harms is low, because there was a small number of trials with few participants, and methodological problems with some trials. Eight included studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Furthermore, the quality of evidence was judged to low due to small numbers of participants and events, possible biases, and possible biases. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the trials. All included studies enrolled small numbers
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment (very low quality evidence). No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. Participants who underwent ILR implantation experienced higher rates of diagnosis (moderate quality evidence), as compared with participants in the standard assessment group, with no evidence of heterogeneity. No data on short term deaths were available. Two studies reported data on adverse events after the implant. Due to the lack of data on side effects in one of the studies' arms, a formal meta-analysis was not performed for this outcome. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small randomised controlled trials that enrolled 275 patients. These studies enrolled 275 participants with 282 hydroceles. All studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias for bias in the way they were carried out. The studies were randomised to surgery and sclerosant treatment. The trials were of low or uncertain risk-binning bias. The results of the studies were not consistent. There were no differences in the cure rate in the three studies we found. However, there was an increase in the risk of the disease coming back. There was a decrease in the number of people with a fever, but this did not lead to a reduction in the rate of the recurrence. The number of patients with infections was higher in the sclerotic group. The cure rate at three and six months was the same. There is a great need for more research to be done. It is important that the RCTs have enough people to be of good quality and that they have a long-term follow up.
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared the use of ne-bronze (rhDNase) with no treatment (placebo) or with other treatments for tracheal malacia. We found one study that met the review requirements. The study was carried- out in the USA and involved 40 children with tracheomalacia and a respiratory tract infection. The children were aged between one month and 12 years. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that ne-binned rhDNase did not improve the proportion of children who were free of coughs at two weeks. However, the change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group (mean difference (MD 1.00; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.17 to 1.83, P = 0.02). The mean change in daytime cough diary score from baseline was also better in the placebo groups compared to those on ne-banner but the difference between groups was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) favoured placebo over nebulised rDNase but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of tracheo-inspiratory disease. It remains inconclusive whether ne-brachytherapy improves recovery. It is unlikely that any RCTs on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with the condition. For those with less severe disease, RCT on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these RCTS should include measurements of the trachea and physiological outcomes in addition to clinical outcomes.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of CBT, and the remaining 14 evaluated CBT plus other forms of therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. The duration of treatment in most of the studies was at least one year. The mean number of sessions in the CBT groups ranged from one to 13. Duration of follow up in the rest of the groups varied. Most studies were conducted in the general public. Most of the people in the studies had a history of having a range of symptoms. The results of this review show that CBT may be better than usual care, but the size of the effect was small. CBT was not better than enhanced (more complex) care, such as a wait list, and was no more effective than a waiting list. The CBT group had a lower rate of drop out of the study than the group of people who had usual care. However, CBT did not seem to be better in terms of the number of people dropping out. The effects were durable both up to and down the line. Most people who took CBT had a low risk of having side effects. The studies did not report on side effects, so we do not know if CBT is better or worse than other treatments. We rated the quality of the evidence from the 21 studies as low or very low. This means that we have little confidence in the results. The main reasons for this are that the studies were small, and there were problems with the way they were done. Also, most studies were of short duration, which means that they may not be long-term. In daily practice, there is a large proportion of people with a wide range of other mental health problems. It is not clear how large this group is and how this affects the use of CBBT. The number of studies (other than CBT) needs to be increased
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this updated review. We were able to synthesize data from 39 of these studies for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after the surgery. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that there is moderate-quality evidence that regional anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. There is moderate evidence that intravenous infusion of local anaesthetics (given through a vein) may reduce PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. We did not find any evidence that paravertebral block reduces the risk after spinal cord injury. We conclude that there may be moderate quality evidence to support the use of regional anaesthetic for preventing PPP in women undergoing thoracoscopic or caesarian section. However, our conclusions are considerably weakened by the small size and number of studies, by performance bias, null bias, attrition and missing data. High risk of bias from missing data and lack of blinding across a number of included studies reduced our confidence in the findings. Thus results must be interpreted with caution. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed. We caution that except for breast surgery, our evidence synthesis is based on only a few small studies.
This review of trials found that second-generation antipsychotics, first- and second-gen (flupenthixol, thiothixene, flupentizol, flumetil) and first-gen antipsychotic drugs (aripirazole, loxapine, olanzapine; ziprasidone) may be helpful in the treatment of BPD. There was no clear evidence that they are helpful for BPD symptoms, such as self-harm, loss of self-esteem, and loss of control. There were no clear results for B PD symptoms of loss of sense of self, and there was no data on the core BPD symptom of chronic BPD (chronic loss of feeling of emptiness, feeling of loss and loss). There was some evidence that omega 3 fatty acids, a type of fatty acid, may help with BPD, but these results are based on single studies. There is not enough data to be sure that these drugs are helpful. The review found that people who took these drugs were well-liked, and all drugs were safe.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, with 217 of whom completed the studies. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel groups. Of these, two trials were added for this update: one trial with 40 people and one with 67. We are uncertain if different types of washout solutions (saline, acid, or no wash out) are more likely to cause a person to have a bladder infection. We also are not sure if one type of wash out solution, such as acid, has an effect on the length of time that the catheters are in place or the rate of people having to use them. We found no data on: number of people who use the washout, washout use, or the cost of washouts. We did not find any data for: number or volume of the washouts, or how well the wash out works. We could not tell if washouts are more or less harmful. We were not able to tell if there were any harms from wash out. We rated the quality of the studies as low or very low. The studies were small, which means that we are not certain that they will be of good quality. We need more high-powered, high-certainty trials to find out if there are any benefits or harms of wash outs. We would like to see more research in this field.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of this review and 22 studies contributed the other two. We found substantial differences between studies in the way that people were recruited, the type of people in the studies, and the way they were assessed. We could not combine the results of these studies, so we presented them as they were. Eighteen of the 18 studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe tiredness, which ranged from 0%. In a group of three studies (268 survivors) that looked at people aged 18 years and younger, we found that people with brain cancer were more likely to be tired. We were able to combine these results, but we could not be sure that this was the same for people with bone cancer. We also found that in people with a blood cancer, people were more tired. In a subgroup of 12 studies (13,952 survivors), people were less tired. This was the case in a group (12) of 12 people (14,952 participants) who were aged 16 years and over. We did not find any studies that looked specifically at the risk and associated factors for fatigue. One study (with 102 participants) reported that over the course of 2.7 years, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) reported persistent tiredness. We are not sure how many childhood cancer survivors suffer from severe fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer. The evidence in this review is weak, and we cannot be certain that the exact numbers of people with severe tired after cancer treatment are the same. This is also the case for severe fatigue following treatment and the strength of the relationship between fatigue and associated and risk factors. Despite these limitations, our review does provide a comprehensive overview of the existing literature about severe fatigue in children and adults with cancer.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and death rates. In trials comparing a combination of topical (topical) and a systemic (surgic) prophylactic (systemic) anti-biotic, there was a reduction in RTIs. There is no evidence that the use of a topical prophyleptic (antibiotics) alone reduces the risk of death.
This review identified five randomised controlled studies that examined the effects of educating nursing staff to reduce the use of PR. Four of them examined nursing care homes, and one study looked at group dwellings. Three of them were in nursing homes. Two of them offered guidance to nursing staff. One study was in a nursing home. The other three studies were in group homes. No studies were found in community settings. Overall, the quality of the studies was low. The studies revealed inconsistent results. The nursing home study showed an increase in PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three found that PR use was reduced in the control groups. The single study in the group home found no change inPR use. The study in a group dwelling unit found that residents in the PR use group were more likely to use PR at six months than those in the non-PR group. There is not enough research to determine if education by nursing staff can help to reduce PR use. More research is needed to answer this question.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 416 women. The trials compared glucocorticoids with placebo (a pretend treatment). Two of the studies had data that we could not enter into analysis. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were small and of low quality. The results of the trials were inconclusive. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. There were also insufficient data to determine if there was a difference between groups in clinical pregnancy rate. The safety and effectiveness of glucococortics in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles (until the day of oocyte retrieval) is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. Whilst glucocorts possibly increase the clinical pregnancy rates, there may be little or no impact on live birth rates. More research is needed. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH with no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 people) looked at three doses: 0.3 mg/kg/week, 0.5 mg/ kg/week and high-dose rGH. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high dose levels (low-quality evidence, limited by inconsistency across the trials, small number of participants and short duration of therapy). The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels. There is some evidence indicating a change in the level of fasting blood glucose, but it did not cross the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes in the trials of short duration (low quality evidence). There is low- to very low-quality information for improvement of pulmonary exacerbations with no further significant adverse effects, but this is limited by the short duration and the small numbers of participants. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality of life. There was limited evidence from three trials in improvements in exercise capacity. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. The significant change in blood glucose levels, although not causing diabetes, emphasizes the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to CF-related diabetes. No significant changes in quality-of-life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in the review due to the small size of the included trials. Long-term, well-designed randomised controlled trials of rhGH in individuals with CF are required prior to routine clinical use of rGH in CF.
We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to low molecular weight agents (e.g. by reducing the amount of the agent in the airways) with reducing exposure or reducing exposure. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that reducing exposure may improve symptoms and lung function compared to continued exposure. It also found that reduction of exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared to continuing exposure. Reduction of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agents, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs. For continued exposure, 56 per 1000 workers reported absence of asthma symptoms at follow-up, and the decrease in forced expiratory volume in one second as a percentage of a reference value (FEV1 %) was 5.4% during follow up. The change in non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity (NSBH) was -0.18. In 18 studies, authors compared removal from exposure to continued access to the agent. Removal from exposure may result in better asthma symptoms, lung function, and improvement in symptoms. No studies reported or enabled calculation of change in NSBH. In seven studies, we found that reduced exposure may lead to better symptoms and better lung function. No study reported or reported on the effect of reduction on NSBh. In ten studies, researchers compared removal of exposure to reducing exposure, and found that following removal of the exposure there may be no increase in the likelihood for reporting absence or improvement in asthma symptoms. However, with all three outcomes, there may improve results for removal from the subset of patients exposed to low-molecular weight agents. In two studies, the risk of unemployment may increase compared with reduction of access. Four studies reported a decrease in income of 20% to 50% after removal from exposed workers.
This review included six trials with 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux (where reflux is a flare up of reflux) or milder grades (e.g. LA grade A or B) of esophagitis. Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing, and one trial looked at abrupt stop-use. Participants were aged 48 to 57 years. The average age of participants was 73 years. There was low quality evidence that people taking PPI on a 'demand' basis may be more likely to have symptoms of 'lack of control' (i). There was also some low- to middle-of-the-week PPI use. There were no data on cost/resource use. In people with mild gastro-oesophageal dysplasia, on a "demand" PPI pill use may lead to an increase in GI symptoms (i), but a decrease (3.79 pills) in people on a deprescription schedule. There may be little or no effect on the use of drugs. There is not enough data to make a clear picture of the long-term effects of PPI stop- use.
We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants). These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with mental health problems, and may reduce the risk of re-harming. We also found that people who had social skills programs were less likely to have a relapse (a relapse is a mental health event in which people are rehomed in the hospital). People’s mental state was better in the group who had a social skills programme. People who had the same type of social skills as those who did not in the control group, but this did not lead to better mental state. People with mental state were more likely to be in good health when they had the programme. However, we found no difference in the social function of people in the groups who did and did not have the group that did not. We did not find any difference in how well people did when they did or didn’t have the same social skills when they were in a group of people who did or did not receive the social skill programme. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, which means that we are very unsure of the results. The main reasons for this are that the studies were small, and the results were based on only a small sample of people.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared pegloticase (an antiepileptic drug) with a dummy drug (fake drug) (placebo) in 225 people. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 people, 145 with gout, and 145 not). The participants were randomised to one of three arms; peglopicse infusion (two weeks or more) (one of the three arms) (pegloticone 8 mg or more twice a week, or twice a month) or a dummy pill (pegoticase infusion alternating with placebo infusion every two weeks) and placebo (a fake drug). The results showed that pegaloticase is probably beneficial in the management of tophi in gout in the subset of people with tophi, in terms of the resolution of the tophi and the number needed to be treated for an additional beneficial outcome. However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgical removal of tophils. The number of people withdrawing due to adverse events was high in all treatment groups: 80% of people in the placebo group reported an adverse event compared with 41% in the peglotics group; and 84% of those taking pegoticone biweekly reported a side effect, compared to 41% of the people taking placebo. Most withdrawals were due to infusion reactions. The high rate of side effects was probably due to flare-ups of gout that were unrelated to the drug treatment per sepsis, and this may explain the high rate in the people who were treated with placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the treatment of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria. The review of these studies found that the oral treatment with IgG or IgG+A did not reduce the risk of NEC in newborn infants. There was no evidence that oral IgA alone prevented NEC.
This review of five randomised controlled trials found that women who had their hysterectomies and radiotherapies were less likely to have a recurrence of their cancer when they had platinum-based combination therapy. Chemotherapists who used platinum based combination therapy were less than one quarter more likely to be alive at the end of the treatment period than women who received radiotherapy alone. Chemotherapy also reduced the risk of developing the first recurrence outside the pelvis by 5% when used with radiotherapy. The analysis of pelvic recurrence rates is underpowered but the trend suggests that chemotherapy may be less effective than radiotherapy in a direct comparison but it may have added value when used in combination therapy with chemotherapy. Postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings, and sixteen in high-income countries. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example, reminders, support for quitting smoking, or general health advice. Some of the studies asked what people felt they would like. Some studies asked the views of people who had been in the programmes, and some asked people who were not part of them to share their views. Some people in the studies felt that these programmes gave them a sense of support, as they felt that someone was "touched" by them. They also described sharing the messages with their friends, family, or both. Some felt that they had good access to cell phones, and that they felt they could use them. However, some people had no phone. Some had lost, broken, or could not afford a phone. They had no access to their own phone numbers. Some clients had access to the internet, and they had their own access to phones that they could control. They thought that the cost of the mobile phone service could be a problem. They felt that it would be a burden to send them free of charge. They said that they thought that it could be hard for them to read, write, and use the text messages. Clients who had HIV/AIDS, who had other health problems, or who had problems with HIV, or had other issues with their health care, were often worried that the messages might be sent to them in a way that might be seen by others. They were also worried that it might be known which people sent them the messages. They did not like the way that people were talking, or writing, or the way they were answering them. Some wanted to be able to use their own mobile phone, but they did not want to be tracked by people who sent them a text message. They wanted to use the service at a
We searched for studies that compared methadone with other medications, or with any other drug for people who had relapsed from heroin use. We found 2467 people in these studies. The results of the review indicate that the drugs used in the studies were similar, in terms of the number of people who were able to complete the program, and the degree of pain, and side effects. However, more people in the control (control) groups dropped-out of the studies. We also found that people who took methadonate were more likely to have side-effects, such as pain, dizzy spells, drowsy stools, and drowsies. The studies did not show that people were more or less likely to drop-out. The review shows that slow taper (e.g. with the use of short-term, non-steroid drugs) can help people to stop using heroin, but more people need to stop for this to be effective.
This review of nine randomised controlled trials found that heavy or light sedation, or both, can be used to help people to stop using opioids. There is a higher risk of side-effects, such a drop-out rate, with this form of treatment. There was no difference in the amount of time that people spent in hospital, and there was a high risk of death.
This review included fourteen studies that compared the efficacy of the drug, molindone, with other antipsychotics. The studies were of short to very short (10 days) length. There was no evidence that the drug was more or less effective than the other usual drugs. However, it caused more weight loss. The review found that the adverse effect profile was no different from that of the usual drugs, but it did cause more weight gain. There were no data on side effects. The quality of the studies was poor, with small sample size, poor design, limited data, and incomplete reporting. There is a need for more research in this area. This review found no strong evidence that there is an atypical side effect profile.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of interventions. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent (such as a cream or cream-like product), a cream (hydroquine), a triple cream (triple cream, tretinoin, and fluocinolone), or a cream with two or more treatments, as well as other non-blinding treatments (e.g., rucinol) and non-active treatments (like rucins). The studies were of poor quality. In two studies where tretinone was compared to a dummy pill, people who took the drug had a better response rate. In one of the two studies, people with trenatal melasma who took a trenal patch also had a higher response rate, but this was not the same as in the other. In both studies, there was some evidence that people with a tracheal bleach were more likely to have their skin bleached. Azelaic (20%) was better than 2% (2%) hydroquinone (20%). Thiospot (2.6%) was more effective than placebo (2%). The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
This review of trials found that 5-FU postoperative injections can be given to people who are at high risk of failure, who are having a trabeculectomy, or who have had surgery for the first time. This review found that giving 5-FU postoperative to people at high-risk or high-resective risk of surgical failure, and to people having their first trabECulectomies, can help to reduce the risk of this type of surgery. The risk of surgery was reduced by 4.1 out of every 10 patients who received 5-UFU, and by 5.0 out of 10 patients receiving postoperative 5.FU in the first year after surgery. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of surgical failures or intraocular pressure at one year. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low-dose postoperative (postoperative) 5-LUFU was found to be very low. The combined surgery subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the low-FU group because of the small sample size and high-quality of the only contributing study. The small but statistically significant reduction in surgical failures and intraocular pressures at one-year in the primary trabculectoma group and high risk group must be weighed against the increased risk of complications and patient preference. Postoperative injections of 5-LuFU are now rarely used as part of routine packages of postoperative care but are increasingly used on an ad hoc basis. This presumably reflects an aspect of the treatment that is unacceptable to both patients and doctors. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care, which constitutes a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this.
The review of trials found that inhaled steroids may reduce the rate of flare-ups (flareups) in COPD. There was no difference in the number of people who died. Long-term use of ICS (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the decline in lung function. The rate of decline in quality of life was lower in people who took ICS. People taking ICS were less likely to have a flare up. There were no major side effects. There is a risk of developing oropharyngeal candidiasis (a skin problem) and hoarsness. In the long-term studies that measured bone health, there was no major effect. People in the long term studies were at higher risk of lung infections (bronchodilators) than those in the short term. People on ICS had a lower rate of asthma attacks (e.g. bronchitis) compared to those on placebo (a fake inhaler). People taking steroids had a higher rate of pneumonia (a lung infection). People on steroids were more likely to experience hoarseness, but the risk of this was low. The review found no evidence that ICS is better or worse than a dummy inhaler for lung health. People with COPD should be aware of the risks of inhaled ICS, and should be able to choose their treatment based on their own preferences.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) in this review. They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) with placebo (a fake drug) (dummy treatment) (a pretend pill) or each other. Most of the studies were funded by drug companies. NSAIDs appeared to be more effective for pain relief in the treatment of dysmen or rhoea, but NSAIDs had more side effects. There was no clear evidence that NSAIDs were more safe than other NSAIDs. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. NSAID use was associated with more side-effects than placebo (overall side effects, gastrointestinal side effects and neurological side effects). NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment for dysmenorrhoea but women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk of side effects associated with their use. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment (if there is one) of these two conditions. The quality of the evidence was low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most studies were commercially funded (59%), a further 31% failed to state their source of funding.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP in 2565 people. Five of the studies (2417 participants) compared high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume, but in two of the two studies (148 people) the tidal volume was changed. We found that high-PEEP did not reduce the risk of death or the risk for a head fracture. Oxygen levels in the blood were better in the high-PEP group. The number of days that people were free from the ventilator did not change. We did not find any difference in the length of time that people spent in the ICU. We also found that people who had high PEEP had less chance of dying in the first, third, and seventh days of their stay in ICU, and that people with ARDS (arthral disacthral dysplasia) had less risk of dying. The studies did not show that there was an effect on the risk that people had of a brain fracture. The evidence is up- to-date as of February 2016.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) that compared HES products with other fluid therapies. Fifteen studies were excluded from this review due to issues with the way they were carried out. Overall, there was an increase in the risk of kidney failure in the HES group. The risk of AKI based on RIFLE-R (risk-free-leakage of the kidney) was higher in HES treated patients. There was no difference in risk of RRT in the group of HES patients who had AKI. There were no clear benefits of the use of high volume (i.e. 2 L or more) HES solutions compared to low volume (0.4 L versus 0.2 L) or high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) (a change in the amount of fluid in the body that can be replaced with another fluid type) in patients treated with high volume HES solution. The quality of the studies was good. The current evidence suggests that all HES product increase the risk in AKI and RRT. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of high volumes HES.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made a comparison with captopril, a drug that blocks the action of the enzyme, ACEi. The review of these nine studies found no clear evidence to show that the drug is helpful in the treatment of CKD. The drug did, in fact, have a small effect on SCr, but it did not seem to be harmful. The studies did not report on all-cause deaths or cost. No adverse events were found. The quality of the evidence was low. Further research is needed.
We found 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals with dementia. The IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in hospital who may be at risk of dementia. It is useful in general, but it is not useful in specialist care settings. We found that the test is more accurate in a 'general' setting. We also found that it is less accurate in those who do not have symptoms of dementia, and that it can be more accurate when it is used in a specialist care home. We did not find that the way the test was written or how it was given affected the results. We could not tell if the language of the test or the way it was written affected the test results.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of treatment for upper limb spasticity in adults with stroke. In all three studies, people were given a range of treatments, ranging from a short-term treatment (up to six months) to a long-term (14 weeks) treatment. There was 'low-level' evidence for mCIMT, a form of movement training, to be effective in improving upper limb muscle function and muscle strength in people with stroke, but there was no clear evidence that it was more effective than task practice therapy. There were no studies that explored the effect of MD treatment on 'passive' function (caring for the affected limb), carers' burden (e.g. burden), or the person's own priority goals. No studies looked at the effects of MD treatments on spasticis in children, or in people who had a stroke. There is a need for more research in this area. We rated the quality of the evidence as 'low'. This means that we have little or no confidence in the results.
This review identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 patients. Two trials compared lamivudine alone with HBIg and two trials looked at the effect of the two drugs on HBV-re-growth. One of the trials was funded by the manufacturer, and the other two were funded by drug companies. The trials did not show a difference in HBV growth and recurrences. A third trial, which looked at a different type of drug, looked at two drugs, lamvudine and HBIG. A fourth trial, looking at a longer-term treatment, looked for a benefit of the long-term use of HBIGs. The four trials were not large enough to show that one drug was better than the other. The review could not find clear evidence that one or two drugs are better or worse than the others in terms of HBV recurrence. More randomised trials are needed.
This review of trials found that suphonylurea (a drug) with insulin did not lead to better control of blood glucose levels at three months, 12 months or 10 years. There was some evidence that it may lead to worse blood glucose control. In addition, there was some suggestion that it might lead to a greater risk of needing insulin. There were no data on the health-related effects of the treatment. One small study showed that GAD 65 (a type of GAD65) may help to maintain fasting C-peptide (a hormone) levels. There is no clear evidence that this drug is safe. There are no studies on the use of other drugs to help people with LAD. The review found that there is a need for more research in this field.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) that compared social norms interventions with no social norms (e.g. no alcohol consumption, alcohol-related problems, binge drinking, or alcohol misuse) for prevention of misuse in a total of 42,784 students. The evidence was current to September 2015. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms for prevention or reduction of alcohol misuse among college/university students. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three studies with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for people who received hip precautions, with or without the addition of hip equipment and restrictions, to no treatment. There were no incisions of hip dislocation or side effects in people in the group who were not given these. We are not sure if the number of people who had hip dislocations or had a side effect when they were given these types of hip precautions. The study did not measure pain score (a measure of how well the hip works) or the number who had a re-operation. The other study (265 people; 303 THAs) looked at the effect of the provision of hip restrictions, with/or without the use of hip hardware, on the rate of return to function. There was no change in the number or type of people with a hip fracture when they had this. We were unsure if hip precautions were more likely to lead to hip fracture than no treatment, and we are not certain if they are more likely than not to be given hip restrictions. We also looked at a study (146 people; 146 THAs). The study looked at an enhanced post-hospital education and training programme to help people to reintegrate back into their normal activities. We did not have enough data to be sure that this programme was more effective than a standard programme. We do not know if it is more effective in terms of pain, function, re-opting, or side-effects. The studies were of low or very low quality. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all of the outcomes. The main reasons for this were that we did not find any high- or very-certainty studies, and that we were not able to combine the results from all the studies.
This review of three randomised controlled trials found that LNG-IUD use after endometriosis treatment reduces the risk of the pain coming back. There was no difference in the number of women who were not satisfied with the LNG, but there was a small increase in the women’s pain scores. There were no reports of side effects. There is a need for more well-conducted trials to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with a total of 17,867 participants. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (14/24), with adult participants (17/24) and used between-participants designs (19/24). All studies were conducted mainly in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, we found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s): SMD 1.13 (95% confidence interval (CI) −1.90 to −0.37) (low certainty evidence). For consumption outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from two studies (n = 150) found that consumption of fewer options was reduced, but with considerable uncertainty: SMD 0.55 (95%) (CI −1.27 to 0.18) (very low certainty evidence), and for consumption outcomes only one study with one comparison was identified, which found that food placed farther away resulted in moderate reduction in its consumption: SMd 0.65 (95%), (CI 0.29 to 0.01) (moderate certainty evidence) (high certainty evidence); and for distance from the snack food or drink placed, we looked at 15 comparisons from 12 studies (1098 participants) and found that the distance at which food was placed was reduced by a moderate reduction (low) (CI 1.60 (95%). Meta-regression analyses indicated that this effect was greater: the farther away the product was placed; when only the targeted product(s) was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of bias. The current evidence suggests
We searched for studies that compared the effect of PEP with placebo (a pretend drug) or with no treatment on HIV-infected workers. We found only one study, which was from a single case. This study showed that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing HIV seroconversion. However, PEP may reduce the risk of HIV-related blood loss. There was no clear evidence that it was more or less effective in reducing the risk that a worker would stop taking PEP. We recommend that Pep be used as soon as the worker has become ill, and that it should be given to people who are at high risk. There were no studies that looked at the use of two or more drugs. We also found that people who had become ill with HIV were less likely to stop taking their antiretrovirals. We did not find any studies that assessed the effect on the risk or the cost of stopping the drug. The use of a PEP for people who have become ill from HIV is not just for people with HIV, but for all people who also have HIV. There is a need for more research in this field. More research is needed.
This review of trials found that CBT is a useful treatment for chronic pain. CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, mood, disability, and catastrophising, but not on pain or mood, when it is compared with active controls. Behavioural therapy has no effects on mood, but shows a small effect on the symptoms of catastrophic depression. There is not enough data to be sure which CBT treatments work best for which type of patient.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in this review. None of the initiatives were provided in low-income or middle- or low-middle-class countries. Ten of these provided data for us to use in our analyses. We found that all of the studies had high risk of bias, which means that we can be less certain of the results. Five of the 10 studies showed that the reduction in salt in the diet of people in the group of people who received the program (the 'diet-reducing' group) was at least as large as the change in salt intake. We could not combine the results of these 10 studies, which meant that we could not be sure of their results. Two of these showed that people who took part in the program had more salt in their diet. We did not find that any of the other groups of people (e.g. the 'disease-free' or'salt-free') had more or less salt. Nine of the 15 studies (9,867 participants) provided data on the effect of the program on the number of people with salt in daily diets. We were able to combine the data from three of these studies (3,865 participants) and found that people in these groups had less salt intake from the start of the study to the end of the intervention. However, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of the programs on the health of the people in those groups. We identified no adverse effects of these programmes. We graded the quality of the evidence as very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results, and that we cannot be certain that the results are likely to be the same for all people. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population, rigorous measurement of dietary sodium intake and rigorous assessment of salt intake by sex. However all studies were scored as having high risk bias,
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on treatments for sleep bruxism. All studies had small numbers of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine (one), propranolol (one, one), levodopride (one) and tryptophan (1) were compared with a dummy drug (placebo). We found no studies on the effects of these drugs on the number of people with bruxisms. We found that the results for most of the studies we looked at were imprecise. We could not be sure whether the drugs had an effect on sleep. We also found that clonidine may be helpful for people who have a short-term, short-ness of sleep. However, we were not sure if it had a long-term effect. The results for the effects on sleep were impreise. The use of preventive drugs (such as bromopride, levodopa, clonide and propranol) did not seem to be harmful. The effects of the drugs on sleep was not clear. We did not find any studies on adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The evidence is up to date as of January 2018.
We included 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. All studies compared immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoside A (DHA), gamma-linoleate (GLA), and alpha-blockers) with no treatment. The studies were of varied design, and the types of supplements given varied. The results of the studies were not consistent. We found no evidence that the use of an enteral formula or extra supplements of fatty acids and/or antioxidants reduced death due to all cause. We are also uncertain of the effects of immunonutrient treatment on the length of time spent on the ventilator, the time spent in the ICU, or the time that people spent on a ventile. We also are uncertain of whether the addition of extra fatty acids to the diet increases the risk of adverse events. We assessed some of the 10 studies as being at high risk of bias. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, which means that we have very little or little confidence in the results.
We found 33 studies that compared different methods of elicitation. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with a range of age groups, genders, and drug doses. The methods used in the studies varied, but all were of good quality. The majority of the studies were of a high quality. We found that more specific questions led to more AEs being detected in people with at least one AE. However, two studies showed that some AEs, such as quite severe, bothersome, or serious AEs were only detected by an interview. No conclusions could be made on the impact of the way in which the questions were asked. We were able to combine the results of two of the 33 studies. The results of these two studies did not show that the methods of the study groups were similar. We could not be sure if the way the questions are asked affects the AEs that are detected. There was a risk that people in the group of people who were asked a more general question may be more likely to be detected than those who were just asked a question. This may be an under-detection. This could lead to poor results. There were concerns that the way that people were asked questions could affect how well the AE was found. We also found that there was a higher risk that the people who asked the questions did not know which group they were in. We are not sure if this could have an impact on the AE detection. We did find that there is a risk of people not being able to tell if they have an AE by the way they are asked. This means that we cannot be sure that they will be more or less likely to miss them. We do think that it would be good to have a clear description of AEs and how they are reported, and to use clear methods to make sure that people know when to ask them.
We found 15 studies that assessed the effects of nocturnal supervision for people with SUDEP. Eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP; five of these studies used a device to detect GTCS (GTCS), but did not measure the risk of SUDEP, and two of these two studies looked at risk factors for SUDEP but found no evidence of an effect. We found one small, high-risk study (154 cases) that found that people who had been nocturbed with noctuators for the night before had a lower risk of developing SUDEP than people who did not have them. This effect was found when a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. The study did not report on the number of deaths, changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life, and the number and number of hospital attendances. The quality of the evidence was very low. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, such as seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists in preventing SUDEP in people with epilepsy.
We searched for studies that compared autogenic drainage to other airway clearance techniques. We included seven studies with 208 participants. The studies were of variable length and design. Six studies enrolled people who were stable and one study had a patient who had had an attack. The average age of people in the studies ranged from 7 to 63 and the average length of time they spent in the study was four days. All the studies were funded by the manufacturer. All of the studies looked at the same thing: the effect of the technique on lung function. The results of the review showed that there was no clear evidence that the method of airway drainage was better than any of the other methods. There was some evidence that people who did not use the technique were less likely to have a drop in lung function, but this was not found in all the studies. We did not find any studies that looked at how well the method works for people with cystic fibrotic lung disease. We found that there were a lot of studies, but they were of poor quality. We were not able to combine the results of these studies as they were all too different. We are not sure how the results would have been different. There is a need for more research in this field. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low. This means that we are less certain of the results. The main reasons for this were the frequent use of a cross-over design, the lack of blinding, and the small number of studies.
This review found that psychological therapies based on CBT principles were more effective than T-T-L, but not as good as other forms. The evidence is up- to-date as of January 2013.
The review of trials found that giving progestogen to women who had had three or more miscarries (or more) may help to reduce the risk of having more miscarriages in the future. There was no clear difference in the rate of pre term birth. There may be little or no effect on the birth weight of the babies. The trials did not report on any side effects of the treatment. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies compared MIB interventions vs. control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies were well-conducted. The included trials rarely measured the effects of the treatment on the health of the mother or her baby. For studies that did measure such outcomes, we found that there was no difference in the rate of pre-term birth (three trials), adverse events (three studies), or low birth weight (one) between the groups. However, we did find that the babies of the CM group spent less time in the neonatal unit (two trials), and the neonate (two) stayed in the hospital for less time. There was no evidence that the use of CBT or MIB made any difference in treatment outcomes for women with drug use in pregnancy. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test) in any CBT group compared to control. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference between CBT and MIB in the treatment of women with use of drugs to treat drug use, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may be more effective than the blood-surgic approach. The review found that the blood tests are more accurate and safer than the transfemoral approach. However, the risk of death, heart attack, and heart-dying was the same. There was no clear difference in the short- and long-term clinical outcome. The blood tests may be safer and more convenient. The studies did not provide enough evidence on the long- term clinical outcome (i.e., beyond the 30 days of follow-up). The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for short-term adverse clinical events, cardiac death, bleeding, and access site complications, and low for all-cause mortality.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions in people with dementia. We did not pool data due to the differences between the two studies, in terms of the type of care, the settings, and the outcomes. One study (99 people) looked at the effect of a pallbeg team (a group of people who are given palliation care by a pessary) for people with a short-term illness. The other (256 people) studied the effect (in a group of 256 people) of a decision aid (a device that helps people to make a choice about their own end-of-life care) on end-time care options for people in their care home. This study (in one group of 90 people) found that the palliate care plan was more likely to be used for two people in the palp-giver group. The pall beg team were more likely than those in the care home group to be able to give the decision on the care of the person's final wish. We found no data on death, the need to for go home early, or the need for a cardiopulation (when a person dies) to stop the heart rhythm. The studies did not look at whether the palsies had an effect on the risk of dying. We could not combine the data from the two trials, as they were so varied in the way that they were conducted. We judged both studies to be at high risk (high) risk (in part) of bias, which means that they may not have been fair. This means that we have very little confidence in the results. We also found that there was a lot of uncertainty (very low) in the findings. We are not sure if palsie care is helpful or not. We need more high-level research in this field. We have not yet found any studies that have been completed. We hope that there will be more of
This review of three well-conducted randomised trials suggests that there is no difference between the two methods of sequencing for adjuvant treatment of breast cancer. There is a suggestion that there may be an increase in the risk of neutropenis (blood clots) with RT before CT, but this was not found in all three trials.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 adults. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly given by health professionals. The studies were short-term and had a short- to medium-term follow-up. Three RCTS compared CrP plus a form of weight-training (e.g. resistance training) with placebo plus resistance or weight training, and the other RCT was CrP alone versus placebo. The evidence is current to September 2015. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses of CrPs with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We concluded that there is no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of CrPS in overweight or obese adults.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of different antiseptics and antibiotics in people with SWHSI. Eleven studies with 886 people were found. These evaluated a range of treatments for wound healing. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh with a plain mesh. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing, but there was some evidence that there was more wound infection in the zinc oxide group. The study also found that more people who had a wound with a foul smell and who were treated with sucralfate cream (a type of sugar pill) had wounds that were more likely to heal than those who had just had their skin treated. There were no clear results for the other treatments. One small study found that people who received Triclosan (a cream made from a type of salt water) were less likely to have a wound that had not healed when they had had a skin graft. There is no robust evidence to date to show which is the best type of wound dressings. There may be some evidence for the use of Dermacym®, a Dermac® (an antiseptic cream) for foot wounds, but this was from one small study with 40 people. There are no robust results to date on the relative effects of any of the treatments. The studies were small and some did not present results that could be easily read. This means that we are less certain that the results are valid. It is likely that further research will change our confidence in the results.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women in this review. These studies evaluated five different techniques and techniques of the procedure. Three studies evaluated the use of a drug (progestone) and three studies evaluated a technique (proteins) that was not a drug. Two of these studies were of high quality. There was no clear evidence that any of the methods or techniques were better or worse than the others. The same holds for ter butaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of the evidence summarised in the review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three non-randomised trials (non-RCTS) in this review. Five RCTs were randomised trials with 1182 participants, 8037 live births were included. Three studies were conducted in lower-income countries (South Africa, China, Mexico). One study was conducted in a high-middle- and one in high-eastern countries (Bangladesh). Three studies included maize flour with folate (folic acid), and three studies did not. The duration of treatments ranged from two weeks to 36 months. The evidence is up- to- date as of April 2015. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination for attrition and contamination. The quality of evidence was very low or low for the following outcomes: total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele (development of the brain). In one study, women who consumed maize flour fortified with folic acid and other micronutrients were less likely to have a total or partial brain injury compared to women consuming unfortified maize flour. In one non-rCT study, pregnant women who received maize flour porridge had higher levels of erythrocyte folate and plasma folate (a protein in the blood) compared to pregnant women not consuming maize flour, but this result was based on very low-certainty evidence. In two non-RTC studies, serum folicate concentrations were higher among women who were consuming maize porridge fortified with folate compared to unfortification of maize flour (very low-quality evidence). In a cluster-randomized trial among children, there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on haemoglobin or anaemia. Women of reproductive age consuming maize wheat flour fortified
We found six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 newborns (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The trials were of variable design and measured outcomes in different ways. The results of the trials suggest that screening can improve lung function in people with CF. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function at least 89%. At diagnosis chest X-rays showed better lung function and chest radiographs of people screened were better. In the screened group, the risk of severe illness was less. However, lung function tests were worse. In screened participants, the odds ratio (weight) of the newborns was less than the odds of the controls. In people screened, the chance of colonising the newborn with a Pseudomonas aeruginosa was earlier. Screening seems to be less expensive.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 people, with a follow-up of 4.5 years. Four trials (ABCD-H, ABCD-N,ABCD and HOT) compared 'lower' (lower) systolic (lower blood pressure) versus'standard' (high) blood blood pressure. The total number of people in the trials (2580) were included. Despite achieving a lower BP (119.3/64.4 mmHg vs 133.5/70.5 mmHG, P < 0.0001) and using more drugs to lower blood pressure, the risk of stroke was 1.1%. There was a trend towards a lower risk of death in the group with the 'lower’ DBP goal (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.01) due to a trend to less non-cardiac deaths. There was no difference in stroke (RR 1.05, 95%, 95% confidence range 0.39 to 0.88, RR 0.74, 95%) or in heart attack (RR 2.58, 0.58 (95% CI 1.70 to 3.91, RR 2.99, 95%). The risk of dying was 2.0% in the DBP group. There were no deaths due to heart failure (RR 3.06, 95. CI 1 to 1), heart attack or heart failure in any of the trials. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse events were not reported in any trial. A sensitivity analysis of trials comparing DBP targets < 80 mmHGs (as suggested in clinical guidelines) versus < 90 mmHgs showed similar results. There is a high risk of selection bias for every outcome analyzed in favor of the lower target in the included trials for the analysis of diastolic blood pressure (DBP) targets. At the present time,
This review found that non-removable casts are more effective in healing plantar foot ulcers than non-reovable casts. Non-removing casts are also more effective than those that are made of metal. The review found no evidence of a difference in the number of ulcers that heal with the non-resistance of the cast.
This review identified five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) describing six non-drug treatments (comprising 235 people). Two trials (n = 100) compared computer-assisted (a form of cognitive training) with no treatment, two (95 people) of which (95) were women, one (47) was men and one (19) was a group of 19 men. Each of the five studies was of high risk of bias. We found no studies of cognitive function. Two RCTs (95 participants) showed that computer-assistive (a type of training program that uses the brain to learn new skills) and compressing (comparing two groups of people with the same type of cancer to see how well they can use the skills they have been taught) strategies to help people with cancer to use their thoughts and remember to do their daily tasks. One RCT (47 people) also showed that people with breast cancer who were given a training programme to help them use their mind and their thoughts, but this did not seem to have an effect on their well-being. Two (19 people) studies (19 men and 19 people) compared compressing with a wait-list (a group of people on a wait list) and found that it did not help people to use those skills. One (47 men) of the 19 people in the group of men who had the compressing group had a training session to learn how to use a new skill. Two studies (95 men) showed no effect of compressing on the way people think, but did not show that it had an impact on their mental health. We also found that people who had compressing training were less well-behaved than those who did not. We rated the quality (quality of) of these studies as low. We judged the evidence to be of low or very low quality. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of other types of non-
We found six randomised controlled trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 people. We excluded one trial. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global improvement, there was no clear difference in global state of mental state between piperspecaine (chlor promethazine) and piper acetazine. One of the trials reported change scores on a scale of the mental state scale (BPRS). No clear difference was seen. In terms of the side effects, around one in five people taking chlorpromazine experienced some side effects. In one trial, 40% of people in the piperscaine group had some symptoms such as parkinsonism (a muscle weakness) and one in 10 in the chlorpazine group had a muscle stiffness. The results of this review show that, when compared to piperacetazine, the results of the studies show that both drugs may be effective, but the number of people with these symptoms is small. We can not be sure of this. We found no clear evidence that either drug is worse or better than the other. We rated the quality of the evidence for side effects of both drugs to be low. The main reasons for this are that the studies were small and the results were not consistent. We cannot be sure that there is a clear advantage of one drug for people with mental health problems. We are not sure if there is an advantage or not. We do not know which drug is better. More research is needed. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The trials compared the use of colorectal stents with either an open stent (with or without a stent) or an open procedure (e.g. emergency surgery). The trials were conducted in a variety of countries. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 3.55 days in the colonic stent group and 4.55 in the emergency surgery group. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of the attempted stent placements. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups and the stent related perforation rate was 5.88% in the colic group and 2.13% in emergency surgery. There were no significant differences in the complication rate between the two groups, but the clinical success rate was higher in the intervention group. However, use of stents seems to be as safe as the emergency stent in terms of the mortality and morbidity. The advantages of the colorrectal stent are shorter hospital stay and procedure time and less blood loss. However the trials were of variable design and the number of participants varied between the included studies. Further trials with bigger sample size and well defined trial design are needed to achieve the robust evidence.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1867 women) in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials compared three different plasma expanders (human albumin, human heparin and mannitol) with placebo or no treatment. The review found that human albumin reduced OHSS rates, but the evidence was of very low to moderate quality. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though the evidence for this was of low quality. This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to 12%) with the use of intravenously administered albumin. However, there was evidence that if OHSS is moderate orsevere with no intervention, it will probably be about 5% (2% to 10%) with intravenous HES. There is no evidence that HES, or mananitol had any influence on pregnancy rates. There were no data on live birth rates in any of the studies. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions, and there was no evidence of an effect on pregnancy. The quality of evidence was very low or moderate for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment.
This review of 10 studies involving 484 patients found no evidence to support the use of sclerosant drugs to treat telangiectasias. However, there was some evidence that polidocanol (POL) may be more likely to cause adverse reactions than lower saline levels, and there was also some evidence from one small study that high-salt (hypotonic) saline (HS) was more painful. There was no evidence that there was evidence that any one sclero-protective drug was better or worse than the others. The studies were small, and some of them were of poor quality. There is a need for larger, high-level research in this field. More research is needed to find the best sclerotic drug(s) and the best dosing.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 241 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials compared different treatments for hyperkalaemia, including salbutamol, insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline, and compared them with placebo. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, South Korea and Turkey. We did not find any studies that evaluated the effect of pharmacological treatments on death or cardiac arrhythmias. There is evidence that several commonly used therapies, such as salbutamic acid, insulin and insulin- dextrose appear to be most effective in reducing serum potassium. There was limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such a sodium bate or potassium binding resins, but the effectiveness of potassium salts and calcium salts has not been tested in RCTs and requires further study before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of high blood potassium levels is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes. None of the included studies evaluated the effects of IV calcium or potassium-binding resins in the treatment of high potassium levels.
This review included 39 studies, enrolling 4216 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. Antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) were compared to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. Antibiotic lock solutions probably reduce CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however the effect on the risk of thrombosis (blood clots) is uncertain (14 studies: 14 studies: high certainty evidence). Antibiotics and the combination of both lock solutions decreased the incidence of CRI (13 studies: 13 studies: 47% certainty evidence) and risk of blood clots (4 studies: 4% certainty of evidence) compared to control lock solutions. The effect on thromboembosis is uncertain for all antimicrobial lock solution types (15 studies: 15 studies: 21 studies: 20 studies: 5 studies: 3 studies: 2 studies: 1 study: 4 studies: 8 studies: 6 studies: 7 studies: 9 studies: 10 studies: 11 studies: 12 studies: 28 studies: 29 studies: 31 studies: 39 studies: 30 studies, involving 3392 participants, were included in this review. The overall quality of the included studies was low or unclear for most domains in the majority of the studies. The main limitations of the evidence were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We identified 15 studies (1098 participants) that compared pre-emptive therapy to prevent CMV disease. Of these, six studies compared preemptive treatment with no pre-treatment, eight looked at pre-preventive treatment versus pre-prophylaxis, and one looked at oral pre-treatments with antiviral drugs. We found 15 studies that met the review requirements. We did not find any studies of pre-prednisolone or antiviral treatment. Pre-pre-treating people with CMV when CMV has not yet appeared to be present (6 studies). We found that people who had pre-promised CMV treatment were less likely to have CMV, but this did not mean that they had CMV. There was no difference in the risk of death, graft loss (graft loss), or the need for a transplant. There were no differences in the risks of graft loss, graft rejection, or infections. The risk of leucoprotein (a blood clot in the eye) was lower with pre-pregnant people who were treated with prophylactics. The number of people with a leucopenia (blood clots) was less in the pre-pretend group. Other side effects did not seem to be different. The studies did not show that pre-removal of CMV from the blood (pre-preemptive) was more likely to cause harm than prophylectics. We are not sure if pre-depositing CMV before CMV appears to be more effective than pre-dosing. We do not know how pre-epidural drugs compared with pro-preparative drugs are better than pro-phylaxic drugs in preventing CMV in people who have not yet had the disease. We need to find out if there is a difference in side effects. We also need to know if there are any harms. The quality
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic and blood sugar control in type 2 diabetes. The trials involved 140 people. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. The studies lasted from six weeks to five months. All trials compared the effect of sweet potatoes with placebo (a pretend treatment). There was no difference in glycosylated Hb-a1c (HbA1c) at three to five month with 4 g/day or higher of a pre-dummy (4-6 g) sweet potato preparation compared to placebo (2 trials). No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. There is insufficient evidence about the use of sweet Potato for the treatment of diabetes mellitus. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations need to be addressed. Further observational trials and RCTs are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Diabetes.
We searched for studies that compared the active cycle of breathing with other treatments, such as airway swaddling, sputum weight, and high-fibre chest compression. We found 19 studies, with 440 people. Five randomised controlled studies (192 people) were included in the review. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias in terms of the way they were designed, and the way the people who were assessing the treatments were kept blind to the treatments. Due to this, we are not sure if the studies were at risk of making the results look worse than they really were. Five of the 19 studies (with data from eight different treatments) found that people with CF who used the active cycles of breathing technique preferred it over other treatments. However there was no significant difference in lung function or the number of pulmonary exacerbations between the active and other treatments in people with cystic fibrosis. No significant difference was seen in quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, or oxygen saturation between the breathing technique and autogenic drainage, or between the cycle and the airway oscillating device. There was no difference in the number or quality of sputus weight between the cycles. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use of active cycle breathing technique over any other airway clearance therapy. Longer-term studies are needed to more adequately assess the effects of the active flow of airways on outcomes important for people with fibrosis such as quality of lives and preference.
This review has provided evidence that brief co-incubation of the sperm and oocyte in the womb may lead to an increase in the number of infertile (in-and-dissent) infertiles (where sperm and eggs are taken from the womb at night) who become pregnant. This review has shown that the chance of live birth is higher in infertilised (in the womb) inficient (where eggs and sperm are taken in the night time) and in-seminal (where the sperm is taken in at night). The review has found that the odds of a live birth are higher when sperm and egg are co-insected in the abdomen. The review found that there was no difference in the odds for the number or number of miscarries. More research is needed to find out if brief-coincubated sperm and/or eggs can be used in IVF to improve the chance that a live baby will be born. The evidence is up- to-date to September 2014.
This review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, found that infants born with poor lung function who had a long (long-term) intubation tube (IT) had an increase in air leaks. Long-term ITs are more likely to cause death. Longer ITs did not increase BPD. Long ITs were associated with an increased risk of death, but this result was not conclusive. The results of this review should be viewed with some care, as the studies were carried out before the introduction of steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of a synchronised mode of support.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients in this review. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook TFU, the health system, the way the treatment was given, the type of patient, the length of TFU and the way it was measured). There is no clear evidence that TFU is an effective treatment. There were few studies that looked at side effects. There was not enough data to be sure if TFU has an effect. There are too few studies to be certain that it has an impact on the patient. There should be more research in this field.
We identified 38 trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies that could be used to help people return to the trial. These strategies included: incentivising people to take part in the trial, giving them money, or using a questionnaire. Some of the strategies were based on single trials. Some were based in a single trial. The results of these single trials suggest that people may respond more to the use of postal and e-mail questionnaires. There was no good evidence that the addition of a 'non-money' or 'enhanced' letter, e-mails, or telephone surveys was more or less helpful. There were no good results on the use or lack of response to the questionnaire. We found no good studies on the effect of other strategies to help keep people in a trial. There is a need for more research in this field.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants. We found no significant differences between the devices in terms of failure of the device, use of an alternate device, sore throat, bronchospasm, stomach pain, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughs, or coughing. We are not sure whether the ProSeal larynx mask is more or less likely to leak. We also found that more time was needed for the laryngeal mask airway to seal. We were not sure if there were any other major differences. We did not find any studies that compared the two airway types. We rated the level of evidence as low for all of the outcomes. This means that we are not certain about the results.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1453 children. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. The studies were conducted in eight different countries and involved a range of children. The mean age at recruitment ranged from six.3 years old to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP, and five trials recruited only those with a specific type of irritable bowel syndrome. The children were aged four to 18 years from eight different gastroenterology clinics. Most of the children were boys. The trials were conducted between 1990 and 2012. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience a reduction in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given a placebo (a pretend treatment). There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and significant heterogeneity. We did not find any evidence that probiotics improved pain in children with irritable gut syndrome. There was no evidence that fibre-based interventions were more effective than placebo in improving pain. There were no major side effects reported in the studies. We were unable to perform any meta-analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these outcomes or used comparable measures to assess them. Overall, we found moderate- to low-quality evidence for the outcomes of pain and quality of life. The quality of the evidence was downgraded due to small numbers of children included in these studies.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the studies had analysable data. Seventeen of these studies had student populations. Findings from the five trials with bias outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects shown a reduction, but not an increase, in the number of people who did not receive the mass media. The results from the three trials (394 people) that reported on the three different ways of measuring bias (continuous, short-term, and long-term) were similar. The 19 studies (3176 people) with the same outcome (dispute) had the same results. The findings from the 19 trials (in which people were assigned to one of two groups) were the same, but the groups were very diverse. The studies were too small for us to be sure that the effects of mass media on the level of prejudice were similar, and the studies were not of high enough quality to be certain that they had an effect. We found that mass media may be of a small- to medium-size effect in decreasing bias, and that they may be equal to the level that is thought to be the most likely to be prejudice. We did not find any studies on the costs. We are not sure how much of an effect mass media can have. We need more studies to find out if mass media have an effect on prejudice. Studies should be of good quality. They should be larger, and they should be more robust.
We included 85 studies in our review. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies looked at the views of health care providers, and 22 studies included the views (both views) of both women (both pregnant, postnatal, and both mothers) and health care staff. The studies took place in 41 countries, in rural, urban, and middle- and low- and high- and poor-income countries. We found 52 findings in the review. We grouped the studies by three thematic domains: (1) the context of the health care system (11 studies, 11 findings of high- or low-confidence); (2), the way in which health care was provided (17 studies, 17 findings, 17 high-confidence; and) what it meant to the women (17 findings, 11 high-or-low-confidence) and staff (17 results, 17 results, high- confidence). The third domain was sub-divided (2) by two areas: ( 1) the way that care was given to the woman, (1), how the care provided to the staff was given, (2)) the way staff were trained, (and) how staff were able to take time off work to take part in the care, as and when they need it. We also looked at how much time staff took, and how they spent, to give the care. The review found that for women, the value of the care they were given, when they first use it, depends on their perception that doing so will be a ‘good’ or ‘wonderful’ way of doing so. For staff, staff’s perception of the service was ‘fun’, which means that staff can take the time they need to give relevant, safe care, and that they can take care of the woman and her baby. For the baby, staff members’ perception of
This review found that oral nimodipine reduced the risk of 'poor outcome' and the risk that patients would need to be treated for a long time with blood loss. The risk of death was lower in people who took nimmodipeine. There was no clear evidence that oral or intravenous treatment with other drugs reduced the need for blood loss, but this is not clear. There were no clear results for the use of other drugs. The results for 'bad' outcome are not clear either. There is a need for more research in this field. The review also found that there is a lack of evidence for use of intravenous drugs to treat blood loss in people with SAH. There may be a role for oral drugs, but the results of the single large trial of nimadipine are weak. There are no trials of other treatments.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 739 children with high-risk disease. All three studies were conducted in children aged one year or younger. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk. We found that myeloablative therapy seems to be effective in terms of survival. However, survival may be overestimated due to the fact that the age of the children in the studies was too low. There was no evidence of effect on the number of deaths or the risk of dying from cancer. There were no data on side effects. We did not find any evidence that the treatment had an effect on adverse effects. The results of this review should be treated with some care. We need more research to answer these questions. The best study design is a RCT. These RCTs should be performed with homogeneous study populations (e.g. stage of disease and age) and have a long-term follow-up. Different risk groups, according to the most recent definitions of high risk disease, should be taken into account. It should be kept in mind that recently the age cut-offs for high- risk disease were changed from one year to 18 months. Therefore, it is possible that patients with what is now classed as high risk have been added to the risk groups. The relevance of the results of these studies to the current practice can be questioned.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that compared TACE with T-DCRT. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III liver cancer (stage IV) was 22%. The average follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). We found that TACE followed by 3-D CRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced all-cause deaths (deaths due to cause) and tumour growth. TACE may have increased tumour size (growth) and response (growth of tumour) in the TACE group. However, the risk of death from any cause was lower in the group that had TACE. The risk of adverse events (non-life-threatening) was low. We are uncertain about the results of the non-cancer-related adverse events. We found no evidence that the risk was higher in people who had TAC. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low. The evidence is up to date as of September 2016. We identified eight trials with a total of 632 participants. All eight trials were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. The quality of evidence was low to very low.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had better growth up to the end of the study. The other trial showed that both groups were able to reach the pre-defined feed volume, but there was no difference in growth, lung function, oedema (flare up) and diuretic requirements. The review found no trials that looked at the effects of increasing the amount of protein and/or minerals in the diet. More research is needed.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures). Most of the studies had unclear risk of bias, and the number of studies was small. The quality of the evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3), low (femoral vein (n = 1), femoral vein n = 1) or high (subcervical (n=1) or femoral (n) = 1). The results of the trials were mixed. For the two-dimensional ultrasound technique, we found that it was more likely to be successful on the first attempt (three trials, 498 people) and to reduce the risk of an arterial puncture (3 trials, 224 people). However, there was a small increase in the success rate of the catheter. No data on death or other outcomes (death, bleeding, or death) were provided. For femoral, we did not find any evidence that it made a difference in the risk or safety of a puncture, bleeding or death. The results for Doppler ultrasnarrowing (two-D ultrasound) versus the results for the other two-D technique (analgesia) for the subclavan vein are uncertain. We found no data on the use of cathets in the femoral veins. We conclude that there is a small gain in the safety and quality of two D-D scan methods for catheters. However, we do not know if this is due to the fact that they are not as safe as the other methods. We do not have enough data to be sure that the results are the same. We recommend that more research is done to find out which is the best method.
This review of 15 trials found that the best dose of the drug, a fixed 33 mg/day, is better than placebo (dummy pill) for the treatment of people with Alzheimer’s and that it is safe. There were more people who withdrew from the trials due to side-effects (nausea, diarrhoea, anorexis, dizzy spells, flatulence, constipation, and sweating). There was no difference in the effects of the drugs on cognition. The best dose (12 mg/dummy) was better than the lower (5.7mg/day) dose (24 weeks) for treatment of nausea, vomiting, and stomach cramps. There was a high rate of people who did not respond to the drugs. The drugs did not seem to be helpful in the long term. There is a need for more research in this field.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of heart disease, two trials recruited people with a stroke, and one trial recruited a mix of people with CVD. We found that the fibrate class can be effective in the prevention of stroke, non-fatal stroke, death from heart disease (myocardial infarction), and death from any cause. There was no evidence that fibrates were more or less effective in preventing heart disease. The risk of death due to any cause (deaths due to heart attack, stroke, or other cause) was lower with fibrations than with a control. We did not find that there was an increase in the risk of side effects. We judged the risk to be moderate. The trials were of good quality. The review found that there is a need for more trials to be done to assess the effects of fibrating drugs in people who have had a stroke.
The review of trials found that giving TA to women at low risk of high blood loss (at low risk) to prevent PPH (post-partum haemorrhage) and blood transfusions (postpartum blood loss more than 1000 mL) after CS (nine trials, 2453 women) or vaginal birth (three trials, 832 women) decreases blood loss and reduces the need for additional medical interventions (moderate quality evidence). There was no evidence that TA had an effect on the risk of death, severe illness, thrombotic (clot) and thromboembolic events. Mild side effects (e.g. mild nausea, nausea, dizziness) were more common with TA. There were no deaths or severe illness. There was not enough data to be sure if TA had any side effects. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine (an antifluorocompetent drug) and rimantdine (a non-steroid drug) with paracetamol (one trial: 69 children) or zanamivir (two trials: 545 people) to treat influenza A. The studies were of low to very low quality. The results of the studies did not show that amantdane or rimantadines prevent, treat and shorten the length of time that people have flu. There were no studies of amantadeine or r rimantadne in people of all ages. We found no studies on the use of rimants in people who are not sick. We do not know from the studies if the drug is safe.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women who were not able to conceive. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two were trying to conceive from sex. Eight trials compared endometrial injury with no treatment or a fake treatment. Two of these two studies also looked at the time of the IU. One trial looked at women who had a high degree of pain during the IUI. We are uncertain of the effect of endometric injury on live birth/ongoing or clinical pregnancy rates. We graded the quality of the studies as low or very low. The main reasons for this were that the studies were small, had a low risk of bias, and were at a high risk of being at risk of making the results of this review misleading. We found that the evidence is up to date as of April 2015. We did not find any evidence that endometrium injury improves the probability of pregnancy or live birth or clinical pregnancies in women undergoing IU or trying to become pregnant via sexual intercourse. The evidence is of low quality. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of women included in the studies. We need more well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (3905 participants) in this review. The studies all evaluated one comparison, which was the use of oral care versus usual care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834) due to lack of a clear difference. We were unable to determine whether or not oral care led to a lower rate of NHAP. We also were not able to assess the effect on the risk of death from all causes. We found no high- or low- or very-low- or unclear-effects of the oral care. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018. We could not combine the results of the one study that was stopped at interim analysis due to not having a clear advantage over the other two comparisons. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. The main limitations were the small number of studies and participants, and the small numbers of participants in each study. The overall quality of evidence was very low. We do not know from these studies whether or whether professional oral care is effective in reducing pneumonia in nursing home residents. We cannot be certain that it is safe or effective in preventing pneumonia. We are uncertain about the effect of oral treatment on death due to pneumonia. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution. We need more research to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Further trials are needed to draw reliable conclusions.
This review included five randomised controlled trials (149 participants) that compared bizuth subsalicylate to a dummy drug, beclomil, budesonide, mesalazine plus cholestyramine, and be clomiphene. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias. Budesonide (9 mg/day) was found to be better than dummy drug (fake drug) for the treatment of active lymphocytic (lung cancer). This review of 5 studies found that bizylliside (nine 262 mg tablets) was better than fake drug (placebo). There were no clinical (P=0.10) or histologic (p = 0.71) responses (P = 0). There was no difference in response (p=0) or adverse events (p://0.05) for bizyliside. Bismuth (5 mg) was not as good as dummy (fake) drug (2.4 g/day), but there were no major side effects. The beclometasone (10 mg) and mesal (2 mg) dipropionate (5 or 10 mg) were equally effective in the treatment with placebo (fake medicine) and with mesalamide (2/day or 4/day). No side effects were reported in the bismuth subcutaneous studies. The budesonides (2 g) and beclOMil (5/day, 10 mg/daily) may be effective for the management of lymphocytitis, however this needs to be confirmed by large placebo-controlled studies. No conclusions can be made regarding bismuther subsalcylate due to the very small number of patients in the study, Further trials studying interventions for lymphocytics colitis are warranted.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with 3259 participants. The intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months. Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring. One study compared self self-watch with SMUG (self-watch on a mobile phone) and SMBG with SMU. One trial compared SMBG and SMUG with usual treatment. One of the trials compared SMBG and SMU with SMBG alone. The other trials compared different types of SMBG. We found that when diabetes duration is over one year, the effect of self-meter blood glucose self-assessments is small. This effect was seen up to six months, but the effect was small up to one and one half years after initiation of the intervention. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. There was no evidence that self-meter blood glucose monitoring affects patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life. We conclude that self monitoring of blood sugar in patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin is not beneficial. There is no evidence to support the use of self monitoring for diabetes control in patients. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of self monitor blood glucose and its impact on diabetes specific quality-of-life and well-health-related well- being, as well as the impact of the impact on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for most of the outcomes. Seven out of 11 studies had a low risk of bias for most indicators. This means that there is a possibility of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the studies were conducted.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychotropic drugs for people with AsPD. Eleven trials were included, with a total of 471 people. Most of the trials were of poor quality. Only five trials reported on 276 people with AsPD, and only two of these studies were of high quality. The trials were small and of poor design, and the results were not consistent. Only two studies reported on the effects of the interventions. Three of the included studies (CBT plus standard maintenance; CBT plus treatment; and 'Drive Whilst intoxicated' (a program to stop people drinking and driving) plus jail time) showed that these treatments were effective. However, these studies did not address the main outcomes that we had in mind, which were: aggression, reconviction (reconviction is the re-offending of a person who has been in prison for a long time), global function (a person’s attempt to change his or her behaviour), and side effects. There was no clear evidence that the interventions had an effect on the number of people who misused drugs, or on how well they were managed. There is a need for more research in this field.
This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed data on the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. Five studies contributed to one or more analyses on the acute symptoms of purulent rhinitis. One study reported on side effects. There was no evidence that the use of these drugs was helpful in terms of cure or persistence of the cough. There were more side effects in people who took the drugs. There is evidence that there is little or no benefit from using these drugs for the treatment of the common cough. The review found that there was an increase in the risk of side effects with use of the drugs for people with the acute purulent nose. There are no studies on the long-term use of this drug.
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 162 participants) in this review. Three trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology clinic. One trial was funded by a drug company. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two of them were younger than 15. We did not combine the results of the trials due to the small number of people in each group. We found only five trials (N = 162) that assessed the effects of five comparisons: (1) systemic (inactive) antibiotic treatment (e.g. penicillin, erytheromycin or rifampicin), (2) rifamethasone (a drug that blocks the spread of the streptococcus), (3) oral (vitamins C and E), (4) oral steroids (dummy), (5), (6), (7), (8), and (9). The trials did not measure our outcome of the time from the start of treatment to the end of treatment. None of the studies measured our outcome, the time taken for the psoriasis to get worse, or the risk of at least one new flare up. We are not sure if the results from the five trials are valid. We rated the quality (the certainty) of the results as low, due to high-risk bias (i.e. participants and their carers were aware of the type of treatment they were getting, and this may have affected the results). We are also unsure of the effects on our outcome measure, time to the next flare up, and we are not certain of the effect on our other outcome, which is the risk that people will have a new flare of psorasis. The trials were small, and the results were not of the same as if we had been able to combine the data. We do not know if there is a benefit or harm from the use of penicillins, rifamps
We found 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested vitaminD₂. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on the risk of relapse of MS, the risk for worsening of MS symptoms, and the risk that people with MS will have MRI lesions. It appears to be safe, and we found that it does not cause side effects. We found no data on the time to first treatment, the number of people who had to be treated due to relapse, or the number who had a relapse. We did find that vitamin D may have a small effect on mental, social, and physical health. We could not find any data on side effects of the treatment. We rated the very low- or low- to very-low- or very-high-risk of bias for all of the outcomes. The studies were small and of short duration. We were not sure how the trials were carried out. We are not sure if there are any side effects from the treatment, but we do know that it is safe. We do not know if there is a risk of side effects such as nausea, vomiting, and hair loss.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) on the use of morphine for people with cancer. We found 62 studies, with 4241 people. Thirty-six of these studies were cross-over design, which means that people were randomly put into one of the two groups. Fifteen of the 62 studies were of high quality. The other 36 studies were not of high or very good quality. Most of the studies were small. The studies were old, often small, and were mostly carried out for medical use. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The review shows that morphine is an effective pain medicine for people suffering from cancer pain. The effect of morphine on cancer pain is similar to that of other pain medicines, and that it is possible to use modified release morphine to titrate to analgesic effect. Morphine is a safe and effective medicine, but the evidence is of low quality because of the small number of studies and participants, and the wide range of different doses used in the studies. The quality of the evidence for morphine is generally poor. The effectiveness of oral morphine has stood the test of time, but there is a lack of evidence for its use in clinical practice.
We included 14 trials, with a total of 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority were women. The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months. The follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most studies had significant methodological flaws. The main comparison was open surgery versus steroid injections. We are uncertain whether the use of open surgery is more effective than steroid injections in resolving the symptoms of nerve damage. We found that people who had an open procedure had less nerve damage than people who were given steroid treatment. We did not find that people had more pain when they had an injection. We do not know if people had a better outcome when they were treated with open or steroid treatment, but we do know that more people had pain when the needle was put in their hand. We could not be sure if people were more or less likely to have a worse outcome when the needles were put in. We also could not tell if the people had worse symptoms when they did have an open surgery. We were not able to tell from the studies if people with nerve damage who had steroid treatment had more or worse symptoms. We have not found that there was more pain with open versus steroid treatment in people with a nerve damage, but people had less pain when people had steroid injection. There was a small number of people who did not have a good outcome. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most outcomes. We judged the quality to be low for pain, and low for the outcome of nerve disease. We downgraded the quality due to the small numbers of people in the studies.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with a total of 931 patients, that tested the effects of neoadjuvant treatments. These trials tested the effect of radiotherapies (RTs) on survival. One trial, which was of high quality, found that RT plus PCV was better than RT alone. Another trial found that PCV before RT, either before or just after RT, may be helpful for people with AO or AOM. However, PCV can cause side effects, such as low blood counts. The third trial evaluated the role of markers (e.g. codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation) and found them to be independent prognostic factors for OS. The important role of biomarkers in this field should be evaluated in all of the RCTs.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild-to-moderate OA. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. The children were followed up for six weeks. Three trials (n = 137) compared intranasal steroids (a type of drug that blocks the action of the immune system) against a fake drug (placebo). Two of these trials, one of which was of high-dose, had a small sample size. One of these two trials, which had a large sample size, was of low-dose. The other trial (of a small size) had a larger sample size and had a smaller sample size but was well-tolerated. We found no trials that compared intraneal corticosteroids (drugs that block the action on the immune systems) with a fake medicine (placeb) or with no treatment. We are not sure whether there is a difference in AHI (a measure of how bright the light is in the brain), desaturation (the amount of light in the blood), or oxygen levels (a sign of how clear the air is) when the two groups of children are treated with these drugs. There was some evidence that the use of montelukast (a drug that increases the amount of oxygen in the lungs) may have a short-term effect on AHI, but we are not certain about the effect of this drug on the level of oxygen. There is not enough data to be sure that it is safe. We also found no studies on the long-term effects of these drugs on OA, and we do not know if there is an effect on the risk of OSA. We do know that there were some side effects (e.g. nose bleeds) but these were rare, of minor size (e.g. in one child) and were well-reported. There were no studies
We included six studies (including 1291 children) in our review. Five studies investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134), antithrombin (AT) (37), low-dose (30) and low-dose (31) warfarin (31, 240) (n = 240, 240 and 41) (in one CCT, 240). One CCT compared AT and LMWH with AT. One study compared one treatment with another systemic treatment. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found no significant effects of systemic treatments compared with no intervention in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE and no differences in adverse events (such as major and/or minor bleeding; none of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, heparbocyprotenia with thromboembolism (HIT), heparbin-induced thrombin-related thrombroke blood clotting, death as a result of VTC, removal of CVC due to VTE, CVC-related infection, and post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS)) between experimental and control groups. In one CPT, which compared one systemic treatment with a systemic treatment, we found a significant reduction in symptomatic VT with the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation. The analysis of this study showed that LMWH was associated with a significant decrease in symptomically symptomatic (symptomically low blood pressure) VTE without bleeding complications. None of the included studies reported on the occurrence of thrombiocytopeny, throm bile, hepetic neutropenia or post- thrombia. None reported on adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low. This could be due to the small number of included children and the low number of participants in the studies, which resulted in low power of the study designs. We
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants who had TAAA. The first trial of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the risk of post-operatively-diseased lower limbs in 14 (30%), 17 (33%), and 21 (68%) of the patients. The second trial of 33 people used CSFD and intrathecapula (a drug) to reduce the risk. The third trial, of 145 people, found that TAAA repair was done with CSFD. CSFD was performed in the first trial. Paraplegia or paraparesis (paraplegic) was reported in 9 of 74 people (12.2%) in the CSFD group, and 2 of 82 (2%). Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in the rate of postoperative deficits. There is no evidence that CSDF prevents ischaemic (spine) injury. There were no data on the role of CSFD in the prevention of ischaemia (deaths of the spinal cord). There is a need for more research in this area. The review authors recommend that CSFSD should be used as a routine treatment for TAAA surgery in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery to prevent neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 662 people. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that NB-UVB is not effective for the treatment of people with CPP, and a small RCT did not detect a statistically significant difference between it and topical PUVA for clearing CPP. In people with PPP, there were no significant differences between the two treatments in terms of clearance rate and withdrawals due to side-effects. In the comparison of NB- UVB with bath PUVA, the evidence was also inconsistent: Pooled data from two left-right body comparison RCTs found no significant difference in the clearance rate between the groups. One RCT in people with chronic leprosy found no difference between NB-UVB and topical UVVA for treating the CPP and PPP. One trial in PPP found no differences in the rates of clearance between the treatment groups treated with either NB or topical UVVAs. Two trials in CPP found that the clearance rates were similar between the treatments. The quality of the evidence for the comparison between oral PUVA and NB-VAB was low, and the evidence regarding the comparison among the two types of PUVA was also low. The overall quality of evidence was low for all the outcomes. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and participants, and inconsistency in the results. We conclude that the current evidence is very heterogeneous and needs to be interpreted with caution. Larger prospective studies are needed to confirm the long-term safety of the use of NBUVB.
This review found that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may help people with faecal incontinence. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in the outcome of treatment for any of these methods. There were also no trials on the use of sphincters. There is a suggestion that some of the methods, such as those of the anus sphinx, spharenthral muscle, and spharnetone, may be helpful. There may be little or no difference in outcome for the other methods. The trials were small and of poor quality. There are some reports that spharnaethral muscle and sphanthral sphinne may be effective. The evidence is up to date as of April 2013.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and harms of using catheters for catheter placement. Thirty nine randomised trials were found. The trials were generally small and of poor or moderate quality. They were generally of poor quality. There were few data on only a few of the outcomes. In six trials, a greater number of people had to be recathected (re)catheters needed to be re-insertion (re-inserted) if they were not used after the catheter had been withdrawn. In 11 of the 39 trials, the cathets were used for less than three days. In the seven trials with data, the number of urinary tract infections was lower when a catheter was removed earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days) with no pattern in respect to catheterisation. In a single small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed a significantly greater incidence of infections and a delay in return to normal voiding. Despite reviewing 39 eligible trials, few firm conclusions could be reached because of the multiple comparisons considered, the small size of individual trials, and their low quality. Whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of morbidity (especially infection) and risks of recatheterisation.
This review included ten studies with a total of 3340 participants. Seven studies compared aripiprazole alone (2239 participants) to a dummy drug (placebo), and two of these (485 and 484 participants) included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies (754 participants) compared ariiprazoles with valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment, and one study (347 participants) combined ariripipazole with haloperidine (a drug used to treat manic mania). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence shows that arippinerazole was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence). Arippines also caused more movement disorders (high quality evidence), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication. Aripezole also led to more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders) and caused more children and adolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. Significant heterogeneity was present in the meta-analysis of movement disorders associated with aripperazole and other treatments and was most likely due to the different side effect profiles of lithium and haloperideol. At the three-week time point, meta-analyses were not possible because of lack of data; however, at 12 weeks, haloperodol resulted in significantly more movement disorder symptoms than ariperazole, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), the Barnes Akathisia Scale (BAS) and by participant-reported akathismia (a symptom
We found no randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or controlled clinical trials (CCTs) on the use of lock treatments in this group. Two RCTs evaluated urokinase lock treatment (56 children) with concomitants (56) and one CCT (15) of urokinesia lock (15 children) in children with CVCs. No RCT or CCTs were found on the antibiotic lock treatment. We found no evidence of a difference in the number of people cured, the rate of CVC recurrence, the time to CVC removal, the need for CVC to be re-cleared, the length of time it took for the blood to clear, the CVC taken out, or the need to go to the ICU. No CVC malfunctions were found. The cohort studies found no side effects; some of the cohort studies showed CVC problems. We did not find any studies on the effect of the use or lack of use of antibiotic lock treatments on CVC repair. We concluded that there is not enough high-quality research in this field.
This review looked at the effectiveness of interventions to help people with whiplash. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found 15 studies, which included a total of 486 people. Three different types of interventions were studied: advice focusing on activation, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics and self-care strategies. One study showed that an educational video of advice focusing to activate was more effective for reducing acute whiplASH-related pain when compared with no treatment, but not long-term follow-up. There is low quality evidence that a booklet on advice to activate is less beneficial for pain reduction, or no different in improving function and global perceived improvement from generic information given out in emergency care (control) for people with acute whinnash. Advice focusing on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomic skills did not relieve pain for acute to chronic neck pain at short-term or intermediate-term treatment. Self-care Strategies did not reduce pain or improve function for acute neck pain. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions, including advice to activation, help on stress and stress coping, advice for stress-management skills, and advice on self-management strategies. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low.
This review aimed to assess the best way to communicate with people at risk. No studies were found that met the inclusion criteria for this review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature were included in the review. The thematic synthesis shows that ideally, people should be told when they are at risk of CJD, vCJD, or both. They should also be offered support and guidance on how to best respond. The results of the thematic syntheses show that poor communication may have negative impacts or cause harm, such as discrimination, in the form of poor health care access. There is not yet enough evidence to decide how best to respond to people at high risk.
We found only one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that looked at opioids (prolonged-rescue-drugs) versus a dummy drug (fake drug) for RLS. The drug group had a higher rate of drug-reactions (remitters) (remission) than the dummy group. The number of people in the drug group was more than twice as high as in the fake drug group. After 12 weeks, RLS was better in the group of people who took the drug than in the dummy drug. More patients in the pain-relieving drug group were able to take the drug, and more people were drug-free. People taking the drug were more likely to be able to get back to sleep. Quality of life was better with the drug. People in the drugs group had more sleep. The main side effects of the drugs were nausea, tiredness, and headache. There was no difference in side effects with the drugs. The quality of the evidence was low. This means that we cannot be certain about the results of this review. More research is needed to determine the effects of opioids for the treatment of RLS, and to find out if they are safe. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015.
This review found that external fixation reduces redisplacement of the fracture and prevents late collapse and malunion. There was not enough data to be able to confirm a better outcome. There were a high number of adverse events, such as a pin-track (pin-hole) in the skin, but most of these were minor.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1127 participants) that compared early stent removal with late stent withdrawal. These studies were conducted in a variety of countries. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014. The review found that early removal of ureteric stents following kidney transplantation may reduce the incidence of UTI while it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. The incidence of Muc may be reduced in the early stents removal group. This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was only apparent if a BI stent was used. However, if an externalised PU stent is used there was no discernible difference in UTI occurrence between the early and late stents. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open tooth fillings, and one study (with three arms) compared PMCs (fitted with the Hall Technique) with non-referral tooth treatment. One of the two studies (with two arms) used a third arm, which meant that we could compare the two arms. Two of the three studies (using PMCs fitted with the standard method) used PMCs using the Hall technique. One study (12 teeth) used crowns fitted in the standard way. The other two (with one arm) used the standard form. The third (with a third arms) study (11 teeth) compared a type of crown (stainless steel with white veneers) with an aesthetic crown (white veneer). We found no RCTs that looked at the use of crowns fit with the technique known as 'the Hall Technique'. The quality of the evidence was very low for all comparisons. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. We found that crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or after pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk of major failure or pain in the long term compared to fillings. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk was lower in the crowns group in the short term (three studies, 346 teeth) and in the longer term (two studies, 312 teeth). There was also moderate quality of evidence that pain was lower for the crown group in both in the shorter term and in both the long and the longer. There were no major failure and pain in either group. One small study (22 teeth) found that PMCs fit using the standard technique (the Hall technique) may reduce discomfort at the time of treatment compared to filling. It is uncertain whether there is a clinically important difference in gingival bleeding when using crowns rather than fill
We included 28 studies involving 788 people with CF. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall (HFC) wall oscillation, BiPaP (BiPPA), and exercise. Most of the studies were of low- or very-low- to middle-income countries. In 22 of the 28 studies, PEP was done using a mask. In three studies a mouthpiece was used. In one study it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. The evidence provided by this review is of low or very low- to high-quality. There was some evidence that there was a lower rate of lung attacks in people who had PEP for at least one year. However, there was no clear evidence that PEP had a greater effect on the number of people with lung attacks. People with CF who had a PEP mask had less mucus in their lungs than people with HFC. People in the HFCWO group had more side-effects. In the PEP group, five people in 10 had a dizzy spell. In a study where PEP and PDPV were used, there were no side effects. In another study, infants who had either a PP or a PDPP had some reflux. The quality of the evidence was low to high. This was mainly due to the small number of studies and the small sample size. The studies were too small to provide any high- or low-or-very-low quality evidence. We found that there is a need for more studies to be done to find out if PEP can help people with COPD to clear their lungs.
This review included four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe CD. All participants were adults over 18 years of age. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450 participants. Most participants were men and women. One study was identified as high-risk of bias due to the use of a fake drug. The other studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo (fake drug) for achieving remission at week 8. The results of this review suggest that CZPs induce remission and improve Crohn's disease in more people with CD. The quality of the evidence was rated as being of moderate to low certainty. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies, the small sample size, and the fact that some of the studies were small.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared drugs for heart failure in adults. We found 112 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is current to January 2017. We included studies that compared different drugs with each other or with placebo or no treatment in people with CKD. We also included studies in people who had already had heart failure. We did not include studies that looked at the effects of drugs on quality of life. We looked for studies that were randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and double-randomised studies. We were interested in studies that randomly assigned participants to one of two or more treatment groups. The studies had to be conducted in the general population and included people with heart failure or CKD, but did not provide information on people with chronic heart failure, or people who did not have CKD; and studies that included people who already had CKD or had had heart disease. We considered studies that used drugs to treat heart failure and CKD in people without CKD to be at low risk of bias. We identified 26 studies (19,612 participants) that provided information on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. In acute heart failure we could not be sure whether drug treatment had an effect on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure (heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension, or quality-of-life), or quality of the life of people with or without chronic CKD (chronic heart failure). We were uncertain about the effects on hospitalisation for heart disease in people treated with beta-blockers (4 studies, 3136 participants) and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (2 studies, 1368 participants). We are uncertain whether treatment with aldosterone antagonists (4 trials, 3137 participants) had an impact on the risk of death or hospitalisation, as treatment estimates were consistent with either benefit or harm.
This review found three studies involving 1945 women. The studies were of moderate quality. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no maternal deaths occurred. The review found no differences between the two types of tocodynamometry. The risk of the baby being born with a low Apgar score, low blood pressure, low heart rate, or high blood pressure was not different. There was no difference in the risk of a force birth, or the need for a caesarean birth. There were no major adverse effects of the two forms of fetal tocophageal pressure monitor.
We included two trials involving 54 participants with CVI. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups and the second trial found that people who did exercise had less pain in their legs. The two trials did not report on the incidence of leg ulcers, the need for treatment to treat symptoms and the number of people who had to be treated with an exercise machine. We rated both studies as at high risk of bias. We could not be sure that the results of the studies were valid because we did not find enough studies. We were not sure if the results would be the same if we looked at them in the same way. We judged both studies to be at high risks of bias; hence, we cannot be certain that they were of high quality. We did not have enough data to be sure if there was a benefit or not. The studies were small and had a low sample size. Therefore, we were not able to assess the quality of the data. We graded the overall quality of our review as low.
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosupplements (drugs that act on the skin) are an effective and safe treatment for knee OA. The review found that the HA class of drugs had similar effects on pain, function, pain on the knee, and patient assessment; and on some of the other OA-related outcomes. However, HA drugs had more long-term effects than NSAIDs, and HA drugs also had a longer-term effect on the patient. There were few side effects, and these were mostly mild. In general, HA products were similar in their effects to NSAIDs. There was no evidence that HA drugs were more or less safe. The results of this review should be viewed with caution, as there were few trials, and the number of trials was small. More research is needed, and this should be done in a way that is of high quality, so that we can be certain that the results of the review are valid.
This review included 10 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 women. Four trials (1881 women) compared misoprostol with a placebo (fake drug) (a pretend drug). Two trials (1787 women) looked at the effect of giving women sublingual (in the vein) or sublingually (through the nose) misopostol with oxytocin (in a vein) as their first-line treatment. The trials did not show that the use of sublingal (from the nose to the mouth) or oral (through a vein), or both, was more helpful than uterotons. The use of a fake drug (from mouth) did not make a difference to the risk of dying, having a baby, or needing a major medical procedure. The review found that women who had been given a fake pill (from their nose) were more likely to have blood loss of 1000 mL (at least 1000 mL) or more. The drugs were also more likely than those who had not been given these drugs. The women who did not have a fake pills had more nausea (shivered) and vomiting. We did not find any trials looking at the effects of other drugs or methods of treatment. We found no trials that looked at whether there was a difference between the two groups. The role of the drugs tranexamic acid (an anti-cancer drug) and lower-searched (lower-back) muscle relaxants (e.g., lower-surgic) in the treatment of PPH is not clear. We need more research to find out if there is a best way to treat PPH. We also need to know if there are any ways to treat those women who do not respond to the uterotonics. We do not know how to best to treat them. We recommend that more research be done to find the best way of treating PPH in women.
This review of trials found that routine short-term supplementation of cysteine-free PN with N-acetylcythsteine (a substance that is thought to increase nitric oxide levels) in preterm preterm infants (≤ 1000 g) can improve nitrogen balance. There was no evidence that N-acsteine supplements had an effect on growth. There were no major side effects of the treatment. There is no strong evidence that routine N-aceylcysteine supplementing of PN in very low birth weight (1000 g) or preterm (less than 28 weeks) infants improves growth or reduces the risk of death or BPD. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks of N-acysteine supplementation, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of cystereye chloride administration.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more of the outcomes. Thirty-five trials (35 trials) included people with NAFLD, five trials (19 trials) only people with a type of steatohepatitis (NASH). The trials were at high risk of bias. The follow-up in the trials was from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided. The evidence is current to August 2016. There was no evidence of difference in the number of people who developed serious adverse events in the trial which reported the proportion of people with serious adverse effects (87 participants; very low quality evidence). None of the trials reported health-related quality of life. Bile acids versus no intervention There was not evidence of any difference between the two groups in the four trials which reported death at maximal follow- up, the number or serious adverse event rates, or the number and severity of serious adverse effect rates. None of these trials reported the health quality of the participants. Thiazolidinediones versus no treatment There was a no difference in any of the three comparisons of thiazolidine (a type of bile acid) or thiazole (a drug) in the two trials which measured the proportion or serious side effects. None were reported. None reported health quality or health- related quality oflife. The quality of evidence was very low. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) including those with steatohetitis. Further well-designed randomised trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary. Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. Due to the very
We included 15 studies with 1282 participants in this review. Of these, 1172 had data that could be analysed. We found that CSF testing of t-tau, p-t Tau and ABeta ratio were more accurate than other biomarkers for dementia, but the studies were small. The sensitivity of CSF tests ranged from 51% to 90% and the specificity of the CSF p- t Tau from 72% to 88%. The sensitivity and specificity of CSFs were higher than for other tests. We did not combine the results of the studies, but we could not be sure that they would have been the same. The accuracy of these tests for ‘disease of the mind’, ‘mystified’ or ‘pre-diseased’ (non-DMD) had not been assessed in the studies. We were not able to assess the effect of CSf tests on the risk that people would miss-out of dementia (and therefore be over-taken) and the risk of being mis-tied (over-treated). We found no studies that looked at CSFs for 'pre-Dementia', ‘neo-D’ and ‘post-D' or ’pre-MD’. The studies we found were of poor quality. We do not know if CSFs are better or worse than other tests for dementia. We are not sure if CSFS are more or worse for dementia than the other tests we have studied. We need to know more about the best way to test CSF for dementia in people with MCI.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic surgical treatment. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and were fit and healthy. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found one ongoing trial. We included three RCTs with a total of 170 participants in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands. All trials were funded by the manufacturer of the anaesthetic drug. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. The studies did not address the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. The overall quality of evidence was very low. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostatectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
We included 14 studies in this review, with a total of 1,601,515 study participants. Most studies found no causal associations between the use of corticosteroids of all types, doses, or dosages, and the outcomes of the mother, foetal death, preterm birth, or low birth weight. We found no evidence that use of potent to very potent steroids, such as those that can be used to treat the ureter, increased the risk of low birth weights. We did find that the mother's use of mild to moderate-potent steroids may have reduced the chance of the foetus dying, but we did find no evidence of an effect on the mother’s health. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, meaning that we are less certain of the results.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the treatment of keratitis (611 eyes) with steroids (corsets) or no steroids. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada (three trials) and two in India (three RCTs). The largest trial (the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT) was a pilot study. The trials had a total of 611 eyes. All trials compared the use of steroids with no steroids, and all had a follow-up time of two months to one year. All four trials were small, and none of them found a strong effect of the steroids. The trial of the SCUT found that the time to re-epithelize was 53% slower in the steroid group, but did not find a clear effect on the time it took for the skin to heal. The study did, however, find that more people in the group with the steroids had an increase in eye pressure. One of the three small trials (the SCUT) found no clear effect. One trial (one of three smaller trials) found that there was no difference in the time taken for the scar to heal in the two groups. The other three small trial (SCU) did not show an effect of steroids on the risk of side effects. We found no reports on the cost. We did not have enough data to be sure that the treatments were safe. The four trials we found were of good design. However, all four trials had some losses to their results. We could not be sure if the trials were of very good quality. We are not sure if there is a difference in side effects between the groups. We do not know if the treatments are safe. There is not enough evidence to know if steroids are better than no steroids for the treatment or not. More research is needed.
We included four trials with 450 participants in this review. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous interventions. We found no evidence from these trials to show that the use of a percervical vein is more effective than giving blood clots through the veins. We did find that there was a small but non-important increase in the risk of death in the percoventriculous group. We could not tell from the trials if the percutaneous treatment was better or worse than the intranasal treatment. The quality of evidence was low. We need more trials to answer this question.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials on the effects of day-time day care for children from low- or middle-class backgrounds. We found one trial, with a total of 143 children, that met the review requirements. The trial was carried- out in the USA and involved 120 families and 143 children. The children were aged from one month to five years. The study was funded by the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) through a grant from the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR). The study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The evidence is up to date as of May 2014. The review found no evidence that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or psycho-development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that centre care improved or worsen employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment or maternal hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. This review includes one trial that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects on the development of children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that the true effect of day care is likely to be substantially different from what we found in this review.
In this review, we have examined the evidence from 126 reports describing 30 histologic scorecards. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices were validated. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index, the most well-known, are the only two that have been fully validated. None of the other scoring methods have been tested. The results of this review should be viewed with caution. More research is needed to determine the best way to score UC patients.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated the use of nailing (where the plate is placed in place) or plating (where it is not) in 213 adults. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada and Australia. The studies were conducted between 1991 and 2013 and involved 173 participants. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. Overall, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the results. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the need for re-operation or risk of complications between nailing and plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to have a reoperation after nailing. Similarly, pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured nailing but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included the possibility of a better outcome after plating, and evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. The addition of evidence from two ongoing trials (nailing versus plating) should inform this question in future updates. Overall there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults. Further randomised studies are warranted on other issues, but should be preceded by research to identify priority questions.
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people; moderate-quality evidence), for major vascular event 0.90 (95%, CI 0.78 to 1.04; 4 RCTS; 28,630 participants; high-quality quality evidence), and for dementia 0.88 (95%) (95%). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for recurrent strokes was 0,80 (95-CI 0.63 to 1,00), and the pooled RR for major blood vessel events 0,58 (95+CI 0,23 to 1), and we observed a reduction in the risk of major vascular events 0.58 (94% CI 0,63 to 0,00). Our results support the use of B PLD in people with stroke or TIA for reducing the risk for recurrent and major vascular stroke. Current evidence is primarily derived from trials studying an ACE inhibitor or diuretics. No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal systographic blood pressure target after stroke or tIA.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that B-sitosterols, a non-glucosidic B-salt preparations, may improve the flow of urine. However, their long-term effects, side effects and safety are not known.
This review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo or salbutamol, and eight trials with salbutams. These included 62,815 people. We found no significant increase in the risk of death from any cause with salmetol. However, we found an increase in serious side effects. There was a clear increase in risk of asthma- related death in people not taking salmetamol. We could not rule out an increase of death due to an asthma flare up in people who were not taking inhaled corticostoids. We did not find any evidence that inhaled steroids are more likely to cause asthma-related death than taking salbutamic acid. There is not enough data to be sure if the risk in children is the same or not. We cannot be sure whether the risk is higher or the risk the same in people with asthma.
This review found no evidence that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the risk of death or morbidity in pre term preterm infants. There were two small studies that compared L-thymic (thyroxine 50 μg/day) with no treatment. One study (in 1988) found no difference in the risk for use of breathing support. The other (in 1989) did not find a difference. Both studies were of poor quality. There is no evidence to support the use of thyroid hormones to treat preterm preterm babies with breathing problems.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 patients. The evidence is current to August 2018. The analyses showed that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. We found evidence that the use of these drugs may help to reduce serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease, including liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding. The review also found that the risk of non-serious (mainly gastrointestinal) adverse events were similar between the two groups of patients. None of the RCTs comparing lactulose versus lactitol evaluated quality of life. The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect of the non-abdominal disaesorides on quality oflife, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis (very low quality evidence). The review found no differences between lactulos and lactitol for the remaining outcomes. The quality of the evidence was moderate for mortality, and very low for adverse events. The main limitation of the review was the small number of studies and participants.
This review included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) that compared bisphosphonate, vitamin D drugs, teriparatide, cinacalcet, and cinacereide (a drug that blocks bone growth) with no treatment. The studies were of low or very low certainty. Bisphosphoates may reduce fracture and bone pain, but it is possible that the drug may make no or little or no effect. Bisosphonatate therapy may decrease bone rejection, but the certainty of the evidence was very low. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture. It is uncertain whether interventions for bone disease in kidney transplantation reduce all-cause or cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke, or graft loss in very low or low certainty evidence. It may reduce bone pain and fracture events, while it was very uncertain whether the use of vitamin D compounds prevents spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis. It did not appear to have an effect on bone function. Bisplatin and vitamin D treatments may increase the risk of low blood calcium levels, but there was no evidence of any harmful effects. Evidence for children and young adolescents was sparse. The effects of bone treatment on bone disease after kidney transplant are very uncertain. The certainty of evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of January 2019.
This review identified four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol a day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium, which is given by a vein. There was no study that measured all of the outcomes that we set out to measure. Only one trial measured symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens (shaking), and the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for the Alcohol (CIWA). A single outcome (hand-grip strength) in three of the trials (113 people), which was amenable to combining, was found to be an outcome that could be pooled. There were no significant changes in the strength of the handgrip. No adverse events (adverse events) were reported. We found no studies that measured the effects of the use of oral, pneumatic, or pneuma (a type of vein). There is no clear evidence to show that oral or pheneal (pneuma) magnesium is helpful in the treatment of people with alcohol withdrawl syndrome. There is a need for more research in this field.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten the time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they are treated with antibiotics. The potential benefit of using antibiotics to treat rhinosinusitis after it has been confirmed in the radiography (radiographs) is not clear. However, the risk of side effects (e.g. itching, headache, and rash) is low. The risk of serious side effects is low, but 13 more people in 100 will have side effects if they take antibiotics. We found no evidence of a benefit for children, people who do not have a strong immune system or those who have severe sinusitis.
This review found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve the survival and tumour size (DSS) of patients with a tumour that has spread to the stomach. However, the risk of dying from the tumour is higher than for D1 (D2) and D2 (D3) lymphadenectomies. The quality of the evidence for D2 and D1 lymphadenlectomies was moderate.
This review found that oral naltrexone did not perform better than placebo (dummy) or no pharmacologic treatment in terms of the rate of re-arrestment. However, the number of people who were re-incarried was low. The review found no difference in the rate for any of the main outcomes. The findings of the review should be noted, that the number re-inarceration was low, and that the results of single studies were not consistent.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effects of thickening fluids. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included 351 people with a wide range of dementia. The first study, a cross-over trial, looked at the effect of two types (nectar thick (two glasses) of fluids) and honey thick (one glass) of liquids on swallowing in 351 people. The second RCT, which looked at two types of fluids (nectar (one drink), nectarine (one) and plain (two) fluids) in 260 people, compared the effect on the use of nectar thick fluids with a 'chin down' (head down) posture. Both RCTs were funded by the same company. Both studies were funded in part by the manufacturer. We found that people who had a 'chin down' head posture (where the head of the head is down) were more likely to be able to eat and drink straight from the tube. There were more people who were able to drink from a spoon or a cup with a spoon (the 'hose thick') than those who were not able. There may be differences in the effects between the two groups of people. There was a higher risk of pneumonia in people who drank from nectars or cups with a chin down head. There are no deaths in this group. We do not know if the type of fluids used in the trials were harmful. We are not sure if there is a long-term effect of the change in fluid on the health of the people with dementia. We need more high-quality studies to find out. The overall quality of the studies was low. The main reasons for this were that the studies were small, the way they were done, and the fact that they did not use the same methods. The studies did not look at the same things for all people, so it is not clear how the
This review included six randomised controlled trials with 788 women. The largest trial included 396 women eligible for this review. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found no evidence of a statistically significant difference between natural cycle IVF and standard IVF in live birth rates. There was also no evidence that there was a difference between the two treatment groups in rates of OHSS, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities or cycle cancellations. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The quality of the evidence was moderate for live birth and pregnancy rates, but very low for OHSS and clinical pregnancy. The overall quality of evidence was downgraded because of imprecision. The main limitation of this review was the small number of studies and the small numbers of women included in the trials. Moreover the largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth (over 50 treatment cycles), treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year. The average age of participants ranged from 61 to 74 years. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Analysis was split into three comparisons: (1) Tai Chi versus usual care; (2) Taichi and breathing exercise versus breathing exercise alone; and (3) Tai Chis and exercise versus exercise alone. Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres, 95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52 to 48.77 metres) and better pulmonary function (MD 0.11 L) in post-programme data. However, the effects of Tai Chi in reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. Data are currently insufficient for evaluating the impact of the Tai Chi on maximal exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength in people with COPD. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions alone, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement in COPD patients. No adverse events were reported, implying that Tai Chi is safe to practise in people who have COPD, and no adverse events occurred. With the diverse style and number of forms being adopted in different studies, the most beneficial protocol of Taichi style and the number of form could not be commented upon. Hence, future studies are warranted to address these topics.
We included 72 trials that involved 2470 participants. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were generally small and varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups (low-quality evidence). There was no difference between the two approaches in the effects of gait speed, balance, participation restriction, or quality of life. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs; however, these findings were not statistically significant. This review found that time since onset of stroke, severity of impairment, and the type of device (commercial or customised) were not strong influencers of outcome. The quality of the evidence was mostly low due to the small number of studies and small sample sizes. Thus, while there are a large number of randomised controlled trials, the evidence remains mostly low quality when rated using the GRADE system.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) of fluoroquinolone treatment in the first-line treatment of TB. Three trials (723 participants) added fluorocinole (a drug that blocks the action of TB drugs) to the drug-free first line treatment. Three of these trials (782 participants) compared fluorocinolone replacement with ethambutol (one trial, 723 participants), and one trial (433 participants) substituted moxifloxacin for isoniazid (one study, 433 participants). No trials reported on treatment failure or relapse. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect. For relapse, we are not sure if there was an effect, and no trials reported treatment failure. No trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Fluoroquinole replacement may have little or no difference in the number of people who died or had a relapse, or who had serious adverse events. We do not know if the addition or substitution of fluorquinolones to the first line of treatment reduces death or relapse or increases culture conversion at eight weeks. Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens (four month or less) of treatment with fluoroxacins. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether the addition of fluoquinolole to the standard drug-resistant treatment regimen reduces death, or increases the number who die or have a relapse. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all three outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019.
