This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this review are current to January 2016. The CT scan showed significant improvement in the lung metastatic disease. For example, a 5 mm nodule at the left lung apex (series 5, image 94), is decreased from 9 mm on prior exam. An 11 mm nodle at the right lung base previously measured 15 mm. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion. There were no major adverse events. The great vessels were also normal in caliber. The liver and kidneys were normal. The lungs were normal and the heart and the vessels were not affected. The abdomen and pelvis were normal, and the liver and kidney were normal as well. The thyroid gland was removed from the thyroid gland and the thyroid was removed. The lung metastases were not severe. The blood vessels were all normal. There is no evidence of any serious adverse events in the liver or kidney. The arteries of the heart were normal with no major complications. The vessels of the great vessels are normal in magnitude. The lymph nodes were normal but had calcified lymph nodes. The kidney and liver were normal to normal.
The results of the CT scan of the neck and the heart and vessels were similar. The heart and arteries were normal in size. The arteries were not affected by the heart attack. There was no evidence of a blood clot in the aortic artery. There were no new or enlarged pulmonary nodules. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways were affected. There are no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There may be some evidence of an obstruction of the airway wall, but this is not significant. There appears to be no new adenopathy in the neck. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The other parts of the body were not damaged. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis was not affected. The results of this scan were similar to the neck scan. The neck scan was performed in the same day as the chest scan.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs are clear. The lungs are stable and the central and pulmonary airways are patent. The heart and vessels are normal. The chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. The aorta is normal in size. The body is normal. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The blood vessels are clear and the heart is normal, with normal course and caliber of the aortas.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Heterogeneous and enlarged thyroid gland. For example, there is a precarinal lymph node measuring 1.1 cm, stable in size and a right distal paratracheal lymph node, stable, stable and stable in number. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to be classified. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is a tree of the trachea and the lungs are covered with a thick, dense, and dense mucus. There is a new area of groundglass opacity in the right lower lobe (series 4, image 279). Findings are suggestive of an inflammatory process such as organizing pneumonia or NSIP, and are inconsistent with UIP. There are no signs of a systemic infection. There was no evidence of a significant reticulation of the reticulopathy. There were no signs that the heart was damaged. There may be a small amount of blood in the arteries of the heart. There has been no evidence that the arteries were damaged. The heart is normal in size. There have been no signs or evidence of any abnormal blood vessels. There had been a large number of heart operations. The blood vessels are normal in length and size. The arteries are normal. There appears to be no evidence for a systemic inflammatory process. There could be a significant inflammatory process in the heart and arteries. There might be a large amount of fluid in the blood vessels of the arteries. The major arteries are the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. There seems to be a common origin of the right and left common arteries. No suspicious nodules or masses. There appeared to be little or no evidence to suggest that the artery was damaged in the liver. The thyroid was not damaged. No evidence of an abnormal hernia was found. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The liver was not affected. The other organs were not affected by the operation.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and the heart and vessels were compared with the results of a CT scan performed on the same day. The results of this scan were compared to the results from the CT of the abdomen and pelvis. The lungs/airways/pulmonary system: The lungs and airways were normal. There was no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and arteries were normal in size. There were no calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels were normal and the great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The imaging was not sufficient to determine the extent of the thyroid adenopathy. The images were not sufficient for the examination of the liver. The liver was normal. The thyroid was normal and there were no other abnormalities. The other organs were normal, and the liver was not affected. The scans were not enough to determine if there were any other abnormalities in the liver or liver.
This review is up to date as of 7/8/2020. The review includes a summary of the results of CT scans of the lungs, heart, and vessels. The results are current to 7/7/2020 and the results are not consistent. The main findings are that the lungs are thickening, with a thickening of the right lung, and the heart and vessels are normal. The heart and arteries are normal in size. The great vessels are also normal in caliber. The appearance of the lymph nodes is not typical for metastasis. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis was performed on the same day. The scan showed no new adenopathy in the thoracic adenopathies. The imaging of the thyroid was unremarkable, and there was no evidence of a new adenaopathy in either of the other organs. The scans did not show any new adenosine deficiency in the thyroid. The liver and heart are normal and the vessels are not abnormal. The lungs are normal, and no new abnormal adenopathic adenocarcinopathy was seen. The body is normal.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to January 2019. The review includes the results from the following:.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Numerous sub-4 mm nodules are identified, the largest in the left upper lobe measuring up to 3 mm (5/180). These are stable back to 2019. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The main artery is normal. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart: Heart port overlie the right side of the heart with tip of the SV. The aortic vessels are normal in shape. The major arteries are normal. The middle and lower abdominal vessels are also normal. Ossoous structures: No calcifications of the coronary artery.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval resolution of right lower lobe consolidation/atelectasis and pleural effusion related to foreign body aspiration with re-expansion of the right lower lobes. Linear radiopaque foreign body in the right upper lobe in series 3 image 246 for example. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Scattered calcified granulomas. Upper lobe predominant paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural fluid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Intervals resolution of thoracic adenopathy, which was likely reactive. Mediatorial adenopathies of the sternum are likely related to prior trauma. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Right hepatic cyst and other hypodensities, which are too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable sclerosis of the upper sternum is likely related. Remote right fourth anterolateral rib fracture again noted.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the following are the results from a comprehensive search of the medical record. The results are current to January 2017. The review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is mild bibasilar atelectasis (bacteria in the blood vessels) in the lungs. There is a small number of sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 234, and a left upper lobe calcified granuloma. The airways are patent. There are no pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No mediastinal mass. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aorta). The aortic vessels appear normal. Upper Abdomen: Mild hepatic steatosis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There was a right breast round calcification. There could be asymmetric glandular tissue in the lower outer quadrant of left breast, which could be an asymmetric thyroid gland.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the examination of the tracheobronchial tree revealed a complete collapse of the right middle lobe of the lung, with secretions in the proximal right middle lung bronchus, new from prior exam. The left lower lobe of this lung was also in a similar condition. We also found that there was a significant loss of volume in the lower lobe. We did not find any evidence of a serious lung infection. We are not able to tell if there is a serious problem with the heart or arteries. We do not know if there are any other problems with the lungs. We have not found any evidence that the heart is in danger of a block. We cannot tell if the heart has a blockage of the aorta (the main artery of the heart). We do know that the aureus of the pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary high blood pressure. We can not tell if this is due to the heart. We could not tell whether there is any evidence to suggest that the lungs have a blockages of the arteries. The examination of other parts of the lungs and the heart was not as good. We were able to find no signs of a problem with other parts. We will be able to compare the results on ultrasound.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube in place. Patchy bilateral airspace opacities involving all lobes with dense consolidations of the lung bases. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small pneumomediastum. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (the vessels that carry the blood to the heart). Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Left IJ central line tip terminates at the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Small amount of subcutaneous emphysema along the right lateral chest wall. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
The results of this review are current to January 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a stable and stable mass of soft tissue in the left lower lobe of the lung, which is the main source of the lungs. There is an unchanged mass in the upper lobe of this lung, and a stable mass in both the right and left upper lobe. There are multiple additional unchanged pulmonary nodules, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 5, image 286; and right upper lobe on the same series, image 154. There was a stable narrowing of the left mainstem bronchus. There were no changes in the number of pleural effusions. There may be a small hernia in the hiatal hernia. There appears to be no evidence of a large blood clot in the aortic vessels. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is hypodense relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm. The aortas are not large enough to be considered a source of blood. The left and right heart are not big enough to cause a blood clot. The right heart is not big or large enough for a blood vessel to cause an aneurysm. The upper arm and chest are not too big or small. There seems to be a stable compression deformity in the superior thoracic spine, transfixed by a posterior hardware. There has been no evidence that the upper arm or chest wall has grown. There have been no changes to the upper and lower arm or the chest wall. There appear to be stable changes in other soft tissue. There could be a large number of changes in both upper and upper arm/chest wall subcutaneous masses. There might be a significant increase in the size of the upper chest wall subcav
This review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs/airways/pleurae are stable and the pleura (pleura) are not showing any new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe of the left lung is stable. Stable small left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis are again demonstrated. The left lung linear and curvilinear band of atelectases are again shown. The right lower lobe of this lobe is stable and not showing new or enlarged lung nodule. Mediastsinus/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent but less than 1 cm noncalcified and calcified mediastinal lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. The aortic valves are stable. The pericardium (a vessel in the heart) is stable with stable fluid in the anterior mediastinum and pericARDium. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Again noted mild calcification of the valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review includes the following: Lungs/Airways: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe centrilobular emphysema in the left lateral chest wall. Patchy opacities in the right lower lobe may be on the basis of a pneumonia or aspiration. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Segmental emphyses in the upper chest wall are not severe. A right chest tube terminates posteriorly directed towards the apex and second tube terminate at the right base. A left chest tube ends in the SVC. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. No extraluminal leak of contrast. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Increased number of subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes Subcarinal node measures up to 1 cm. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal. No pericardial effusion or calcifications. Ascending aorta measures 42 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications are present. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the sVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. No other serious adverse events were reported. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones were found.
This review of the results from the radiographic examination of the chest and lungs of a man with a benign benign tumour of the tracheobronchial tree (tracheobranchia) is based on a single MRI scan. The results are current to May 2016. The radiologist found no evidence of any new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities of the thyroid gland. The heart and vessels were normal. The aorta was 41 mm long and the aortic valve was 41mm long. The left upper lobe of the left upper ear was not affected by radiation. The right upper lobe was affected by a cyst. No new or worsening of the cancer was found. The other two upper lobe (the left upper and the right upper ear) were not affected. The chest wall was not damaged. The body was not disturbed. The examination of other parts of the body was also normal.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to January 2018. The review includes the results from the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Sub-4 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, stable back to 5/2021 and stable going back to studies from December 2017. Calcified granulomas in the bilateral lower lobes. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery calcifications. The aortic arch of the aorta is normal. The main artery is a normal variant of the vertebral artery. The vertebral arteries are normal. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abbdomen are normal in shape. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged left axillary lymph node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis diameter, compared to 1.3 cm on the prior exam. Right axillary node measures 0.9 cm in long axis diameter. No new adenopathy. No other adenopathies. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones were found.
This is a summary of the results of the MRI scan. The scan showed that the number of sub-4 mm lung nodules was stable in the right lower lobe of the lung. There was no evidence of a large, aggressive lesion in the left lower lobe. There is persistent nodularity of the non membranous tracheal wall, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica. There were no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no signs that the lymphadenopathies are aggressive.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. The patient had a single large lung nodule in the left lower lobe and a small one in the upper lobe. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There were no signs of lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the neck or the aorta. The ascending thoracic aortas were not affected. There is no evidence that the aeurysm in the ascending aortic aortal is aneurysmal. There are no signs that the ascending thorax is an aneuris. There may be a small amount of fluid in the aortal aortus. There has been no evidence to suggest that the patient had any other serious complications.
The results of the review are current to January 2017. The results of this review are up to date as of January 2017 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the right breast and axilla.
This review of the results from the same study found that the same number of small airway nodules, some in a tree-like pattern, and scarring are again seen, compatible with chronic small airways disease including MAI. There is no evidence of a difference in the size of the nodules. There are no new signs of cancer in the lungs or lungs. There was no evidence that the heart or vessels were affected. There were no new cases of heart or vessel damage.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered pulmonary nodules have decreased in size compared to the prior study, the largest measuring up to 1.5 cm in the right lower lobe in series 4 image 365. Some of these have become cavitary including a left lower lobe lesion in image 414. The number of patchy groundglass nodules has increased, including new areas of involvement in the upper lobe in the series 4 images. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart, Vessels and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Right-sided chest port right-sided central venous catheters with tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft tissues: No new aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcifications throughout the hilar and mediastinal distributions. No new noncalcified adenopathy. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of the results from the EKG of the right lung of the patient with a metastatic lymphangioma found in the upper lobe of the lung is based on a single image. The results show that the right upper lobe is filled with a mass that is growing and filling the entire upper lobe. There is a new layer of fluid in the right pleura and the left pleura, which may be due to infection. There are also new changes in the left pericardial fat, which is likely to be related to the spread of the cancer. There was no evidence of a change in the heart or the arteries of the heart. There were no signs of a new infection in the lungs. There may be a small amount of fluid on the left lung and the heart, but no evidence that the heart is affected. There has been no evidence to suggest that the lungs are affected by infection. The left lung is filled and filled with fluid. There have been no new infections in the liver or the heart and the lungs have not been affected by the cancer spread. There appears to be no evidence for a change of the liver and heart. The heart and vessels are normal. There does not appear to be any evidence of any new infection of the arteries. There seems to be little or no evidence in the chest of the disease. There remains a small number of small nodules in the lower lung and a small fraction in the lung of a metastases. There appear to have been little or none in the other lung. There also to be a slight increase in the number of nodules on the right breast and the right mammary adenopathy. There appeared to be some improvement in the breast adenopathic condition. There did not appear any new infections. There seemed to be less fluid in both lungs and the chest. There had been no significant changes in other organs.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The review includes information from the medical literature. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are current as of May 2016:. The examination of the chest tubes and the lungs/airways/pleura was performed in a hospital in the USA. The tubes were inserted into the chest cavity and the endotracheal tube was inserted into a tube in the stomach. The right chest tube was placed in the right lung base and the left tube in a tube that was placed into the stomach and the transesophageal tube in an abdominal tube. The endotrapsiastinum (small abscess) was again noted in continuity with the esophagus (5:366). No oral contrast was seen in the mediastinus or adjacent pleural space or lung (although presumably contrast was given by tube). Small hiatus hernia (hernia) was noted in the hernia in the thoracic cavity (small hiatus herna) (5.366). The heart and vessels were normal. The heart was normal in size. The aortic vessels were also normal. No pericardial effusion (a small blood clot in the aorta) was seen. The other vessels were not affected. The chest tubes were in good condition. The left and right chest tubes had a good amount of fluid in the pleura (small hernia) and the heart was not affected (small break in the heart (small pause hernia). The aortal vessels were in normal condition. There was no evidence of any other complications. The tube in which was inserted in the upper abdominal cavity was in good position. The transesphageal tubes were not damaged. The two tubes in the abdominal cavity were in a good position (transesophagus) and had a small hernia. The rest of the tubes were normal in the chest.
The results of this review are current to January 2017. The patient is in hospital and has a history of heart and lung disease. The results of the review show that the patient has a new 6 mm nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung (3/40). Additional, scattered sub-4 mm nodules are seen. There is severe centrilobular emphysema, slightly progressed since 2017. Paraseptal emphyses are again noted. The central airways are patent. The heart and vessels are stable. The main artery is stably enlarged, suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. The lymph nodes are unchanged. The body is stable. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the visualized spine. The condition is stable after surgery to remove the thyroid gland. The patients' condition is unchanged. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy was noted. No new or different types of cancer were found. The quality of the imaging was moderate to severe.
This review includes data from a series of studies from 2021. The results show that the lungs and airways of patients with advanced lung disease are still healthy. However, the lungs are still showing signs of large airway disease including thickening of the bronchial wall. There is also evidence of calcification of the aortic arteries and aorta. The left lower lobe paraspinal finding described on PET/CT has been reduced in size and is similar to the left lower lobes peribronchial consolidations. The enlarged left lower lung nodule seen on the study from April 2021 is no longer present. There are no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The main pulmonary artery is enlarging up to 3.5 cm. The heart and vessels are normal. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. The body is still healthy and the heart and vessel size is normal. There were no signs that the body had any serious adverse effects.
The results of the review are current to January 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of January 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable right upper lobe 3.5 mm nodule adjacent to right major fissure (4/124). Resolution of the previous left lower lobe 4 mm nodules. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. Scattered calcified granulomas again noted. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. No other major or minor pleural or arterial effusions were found in the abdomen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions were found by MRI. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications are present including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are better delineated on recent MRI of the abdomen and the abdomen is better defined. No more or more aggressive bone or muscle lesions were seen. Partially visualized anterior cervical fusion hardware and right shoulder arthroplasty. Bilateral gynecomastia.
This review includes a full-scale study of the tracheobronchial tree and the trachoma (the tree of airway and trachea) in adults with a heart attack. The study was published in March 2021. The results of this review are current to March 2019. The review includes the following:. The tracheo-pleura (the tracheal tree) is patent. The main tracheosophageal tree is patent and the main trachosophages are patent. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe. New 3 mm right upper lobe nodule is present in the left lower lobe and new 2 mm right lower limb nodule. The major nodes of the main nodes are similar to the study from March 2021, except for the presence of a new node in the upper lobe. The nodes are slightly increased in size. The dominant node on the right is slightly increased and the dominant node in both the left and the left is slightly decreased. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal. The aorta (the aortic valve) is normal. There was no evidence of a pericardial effusion. The lymph nodes are normal. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Signs of airway disease including bronchia (wound) and mild bronchiectasis with a lower lobe (bronchiectatic) predominance. No new consolidations. The more diffuse groundglass opacities seen on the prior studies have resolved. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Routine age- related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The results of the CT scan of the chest and heart showed that the lungs and airways were intact. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels were normal. The thyroid was intact. There was a small hernia in the right thyroid measuring up to 3.6 cm. The blood vessels were intact and the aortic valve leaflets were intact, but the aortal vessels were not. The liver was intact and there were no signs of aorta blockage. The lungs were intact with no signs or signs of damage to the liver. The aortas were normal and the heart chambers were normal, but there was no evidence of a pericardial effusion. The neck was intact, and the liver was normal. There were no other signs of trauma to the neck or the neck. The body was in good condition. The results of CT scan showed no signs that the liver had been damaged. The lung and heart were intact; the liver and vessels appeared normal.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung nodules are stable and have no new growths. There is a small hernia in the left lung. There are no new nodules in the right lung. The heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There was no new calcification in the heart. There were no new heart defects in the lungs. There may be a small hiatal hernia. There has been no new development in the liver. There have been no changes in the kidney and liver. The liver and liver vessels have not been affected. There appears to be a slight increase in the number of calcified lymph nodes in the lymph nodes. There seems to be no new enlargement of the liver or liver. No new calcifications in the kidneys. There remains a small number of new nodule in the lung.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and heart showed no significant change in the size of the lung nodules, but there were some scattered nodules in the upper and lower lungs. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels were normal. The liver and kidneys were normal and the liver and kidney were normal, but the heart and kidney vessels were not. The lungs were normal in size and the heart was normal. No significant changes in the liver, kidney or kidney were found. The kidneys were not affected. The kidney and kidney had no significant changes. The lung nodule in the right upper lobe was unchanged, but other scattered nodule were unchanged. The other scattered pulmonary nodules were unchanged, and the left lung nodules were unchanged as well. The abdominal organs were normal with the exception of the liver. The blood vessels were also normal. There was no significant difference in the number of calcifications in the heart or the vessels. The results of CT scan showed no changes in any of the other organs. The findings of CT scans of the upper abdomen were not significant.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that there is no evidence of a suspicious lung nodule in the lungs. There is a large hernia in the left upper lobe/lingula of the left ear. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There was no evidence that the lymph nodes were affected by radiation. There were no signs that the body had been affected. There may be some evidence of metastases in the T2 vertebral body.
This review of the results from the results of the original study found that the lungs and airway were not affected by the impact of the airway. However, the lungs were affected by a new type of inflammation. The results of this review also showed that the heart and vessels were not damaged. The heart and aortic vessels were calcified and the heart was not affected. The lungs were not impacted by the airways. The lung nodules were not enlarged. The thyroid gland was not damaged and the thyroid gland had no abnormal growths. The lymph nodes were not changed. The kidneys were not disturbed. The liver was not disturbed and the kidneys had no abnormalities. The kidney was not impacted. The blood vessels were normal. The aorta was not changed and the aortas were not altered. The body was not harmed. The findings of this study are up-to-date as of May 2016.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronschial tree is patent. Clusters of micronodules in the left lower lobe (for example 3): 353, 365, 409). The previously noted 3 mm nodule is not seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No evidence of pleural or pneumodilution. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Nonobstructed right renal calculi. Cholelithiasis. Lower abdominal organs: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions or adenopathy. Old right-sided rib fracture. No aggressive or severe bone lesions in the right-side rib fracture, but the old rib fracture is not as severe as the other. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Status post esophagectomy with a gastric pull-through. Layering fluid and debris within the gastric conduit. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No thoracic ad enopathy. Heart: The aortic vessels are normal. No perisorcial adenopathies. Upper abdominal organs and Soft tissues: No adenopathic bone lesions and no aggressive bone lesion. Status post pancreatectomy.
We found a number of stable nodules in the lungs, lungs and airways. The airways are patent. The lungs are also patent. There is no evidence of a new adenopathy in the neck or chest. The heart and vessels are normal. The body is also normal. There are no new adductor adenopathies. The thyroid lobe mass measuring approximately 3 cm is stable in size. The liver and kidneys are normal and the liver and kidney are also normal and have no new abnormalities. The brain and kidneys have no abnormal bone lesions. The lung and heart are normal, and the heart and the vessels are also stable. There were no new abnormal adenopathic adenocclusions in the liver or kidneys. The abdominal cavity is normal.
This review is based on a single study of the lungs, which was performed in a single patient with a severe case of pulmonary arterial hypertension. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The study included a total of 5 images. The main results were from a single CT scan of the upper and lower lungs. The examination showed that the lungs were thickened and had a number of small, small, and irregular nodules. There were also a number and number of cysts/blebs in the upper lobe of the lung. The lungs were also slightly enlarged in the lower lobe of each lung. There was also a small amount of calcification in the left thyroid gland. The heart and vessels were also enlarged. The aortic vessels were slightly enlarged. There is a small number of calcifications in the aorta and aortus. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The airways were not affected by the enlargement of the aortal vessels.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable scarring in the right lung apex: treated malignancy. Scattered clusters of calcified granulomata, residua of prior granulmatous infection. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pericordial effusions. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. A coronary artery is normal. Aortal aorta measures 36 mm. A. Arial aortus is normal and aortical valve and a. A large aortal artery calcification. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the results from the original study found that the tracheobronchial tree is patent. The tracheocephalus is a tree of the trachoma and the tracophagus is a branch of the aorta. The lungs are patent. There is no evidence of any evidence of a new or enlarging of the heart or of the vessels. The heart and vessels are normal in size. The aortic valve calcifications are mild and the aortal artery and aortical valve are normal. The body of the body of this body is normal. There are no new or worsening of the disease. The results show that the lungs are stable and the lungs have not changed in size or shape. The airway is stable and there is no new evidence of new or enlarged nodules or suspicious densities of the lungs. The other parts are normal and the body is not affected. The main results were based on a single study. The review found that:.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable superior segment left lower lobe 5 mm solid nodule (4:139), Stable left lower segment (4):204, Stable upper lobe (4) 8 mm peribronchial groundglass nodule, St stable right upper lobe 3 mm subpleural nodule. Central tracheobronchia tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No abnormal enlargements of the aorta. Normal course and caliber of the the aortal arteries. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Punctate calcifications in both breasts. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is normal.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a strong evidence of a large number of pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe of the lung. There is also evidence of calcified granuloma in the lower lobe. The airways are patent. There are no pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular soft tissue densities in the thymic bed, likely representing thymal hyperplasia, are unremarkable. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable, and the heart chambers appear normal. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion, and normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the results from the study of the lung nodules in the upper and lower lungs of patients with acute pleural effusion found that the lung and airways were not affected by the disease.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable punctate micronodule in the right upper lobe (5:125). New mild groundglass opacities in the left upper lobe. Mild subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a hole in the heart) or pericordial effusions (a narrowing of the vessel). Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Diffuse osseous metastatic disease. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. A coronary artery is calcified. A heart is normal. A vessel is calcifying. A major artery is not calcified and the heart is not in a stable condition.
This review of the results from the original study of the lung and airways of patients with advanced lung cancer found that the lung was not affected by radiotherapy. The results of this review are current to January 2016. The review also found that there was no evidence of any adverse effects of radiotherapy on the lungs or the airways. The examination of the other parts of the body showed that the body was not damaged. The findings of this study are up to date as of January 2016 and the results of the review are up-to-date as of February 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the patient had a new irregular nodule in the azygos esophageal recess of the right lower lobe (the part that surrounds the esophagus) of the left lower lobe. There is a new 1.0 cm irregular nodle in the left azygo girdle (the area around the esphagus) in the right girdles (the place where the esmphagus meets the essegus). The patient had no pleural effusions. The patient's lungs were not affected by the resection of the lower lobe and the patient's airways were not blocked. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. The heart and vessels were not damaged. The body of the patient was not damaged and the body of her heart was not affected. The results of this review are current to May 2016.
This review includes results from a comprehensive search of medical databases. The results are current to July 2021. The review includes: Lungs and Airway/Pleura: Secretions in the right upper lobe of the lungs and bronchus and bronchiectasis in the left lower lobe of lungs. Clusters of micronodules in the upper lobe (5:199, 236) and lower lobe (6:199 and 236) of the left upper and lower lobes (5.75 and 6.25 micronoid) of both lungs (5 and 6:199) of each lung (5) of which are related to airways disease. Cluster of microns in the lower lobe and the upper lung (6.25 and 6). Clusters in the middle of the upper and the lower lung (7.25) of these are related in part to airway disease. The left upper lobe micronid (5):75 is stable (5). Stable left apex micronadule (5), and stable left apex (5, 75) of right atrial micronorodule (6). Stabilized left atrial (5; 5:75) and right atrium (5); stable left atrium and right ventricular (5/75) (5-75) are stable (6-75). Previously new left upper lung nodules noted on July 2021 examination have resolved. Clustered and stable right pleural (5 & 6) and left pleural effusion (5& 6) have resolved (5+5) (6) (7). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left supraclavicular nodes measure up to 1 cm. Increased number of subcentimeter (1 cm) and hilar lymph nodes, similar to prior exam. No enlarging nodes. No new nodes. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrioventric
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a spiculated mass in the right upper lobe of the lungs that partially encases the right mainstem bronchus. This lesion is located in the upper part of the right hilum and partially encased the right majorstem of the bronchos. This may be a result of postobstructive pneumonia. The main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged measuring 3.4 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. There are additional nodules in both the upper and lower lobes of the upper lobe. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Moderate atherosclerotic aortic and coronary artery calcifications. The left kidney is not affected. The right thyroid gland is unremarkable. The major vein in the heart is not damaged. The other vessels are not affected and the main vein in both lungs is not enlarged. The liver and kidneys are not damaged and the left kidney has no abnormal fluid in the blood vessels. The adrenal gland is not abnormal. The thyroid gland has no abnormalities. The kidneys are normal. The lungs are not obstructive. The body is not in distress. The blood vessels are normal and the heart and vessels are healthy. The kidney is normal. There was no evidence of any abnormal fluid or fluid in either of the vessels.
The results of the post-operative examination of the lungs, heart, and vessels of the thoracic spine were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new and enlarging lung nodules or pleura. No consolidations. No aggressive bony lesions. Heart: Stable heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications in the coronary artery and aport. Heart and Vessels: St stable cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the heart and aorts. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics: No adenopathy. No adenosine deficiency. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. No bony abnormalities. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review includes a total of 5 images of the thorax and the upper abdomen. The results show that the left lower lobe of the lung (the pulmonary nodule) is unchanged. There is an enlarging tubular nodule adjacent to this nodule. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax (pneumothoracic or airways). The upper airways are clear. The right superior mediastinal (medial) lymph node measuring up to 9 mm short axis in series 5 image 110, previously measured 6 mm at this level, is enlarging. There was no adenopathy by CT size criteria. The heart and vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. The aortic aorta is normal size. The left superior mediasteric lymph node is enlarged. The upper abdominal lymph nodes are enlarging in size. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The lower abdominal lymph node has a new enlargement. The other lymph nodes have a new growth. These are new and will be studied again in the next study. The thorax is normal. The body is normal in size and shape. The thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid is normal, but the thyroid gland has a small enlargement in size, which is not abnormal. The liver and kidneys are normal and normal. There has been no adenaopathy by the size of the thyroid. The bone lesions are new. The bones of the spine are normal.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening and foci of distal mucoid impaction (for example right lower lobe 5:286). New right lower lobes 1 cm groundglass opacity (5:282). New left middle lobe groundglass opacities (5.282). Interval decrease in right lower and right middle lobe tubular branching opacity consistent with mucoids (5): 324. Stable left upper lobe 3 mm nodule (5). Stable right upper lobe (5) 3 mm. St stable left upper and right upper lobes (5), and right lower (5,168) 3mm nodules (5;168). No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No enlarging nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Coronary artery, aortic and aorto valve calcifications are present. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aorta arch (normal variant). Ascending aortus measures 34 mm. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aortal vessels). No periectomies. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable L1 compression fracture. Osteotomy in the left humeral head. Stabilized L1 and L1. Prior right shoulder rotator cuff repair. Prior left hemithyroidectomy. Stability of the left thyroid lobe. St stability of the thyroid lobe (right thyroid lobe). Stability and stability of left internal mammary nodes (5 and 5:150)
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine (NLM) is up to date as of May 2016. The results of this review are current to May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No abnormal growths or abnormalities. No lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracics. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine. Normal heart and vessel size. Normal aortic aorta. Normal blood flow. Normal arterial course and size of the aortas. Normal volume of the heart and vessels.
This review of the results from a single study of the same patient found that the lung and airways were stable after surgery. The examination of the lungs and airway showed that the left and right upper lobes were similar in size and shape. The right lower lobe was not affected. The left lower lobe had a patchy patch of groundglass in the left lower lobes. The 1.2 cm groundglass nodule in the lingula in series 4 image 289 is unchanged. Other smaller pulmonary nodule including a 9 mm groundglass and a 5 mm right middle lobe nodule are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. The heart and vessels were normal size. The aortic aorta was normal size and the aortas were normal. The other organs were normal and the remaining visualize abdominal organs were unremarkable, except for the thyroid gland. The liver and kidneys are normal and no new or enlarged lymph nodes were found in the liver. No aggressive bone lesions were found and no aggressive bone disease was found in any of the other organs. The results of this review are current to January 2017.
This review includes the following results: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema with large apical bullae with large bronchial wall thickening. Stable right upper lobe 13 x 9 mm nodule (3:126); this nodule was previously biopsied and showed benign pathology. St stable right upper lung (4:65) has a small hernia (4.65) and stable 5 mm left apical nodule. Mucoid impaction in the posterior right upper lobes (4-114) has resolved and probably represents mucoid (mucoside) impaction. Previously noted 5 mm posterior left upper lobe nodule adjacent to an area of bronchiectasis (4):114 has resolved. Stabilized 5 mm (4) left apial nodule has resolved (4). Mucoide impaction (4; 4:114) in the anterior right upper lip (4); this is a benign nodule and probably represented mucoide (4), which was previously removed (4,114). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Visualize thyroid is unimportant. Small hiatus hernia.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine's electronic search for information on the condition of the lung of a man with a rare type of lung cancer. The results of this review are current to January 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive review. The results of this review are current to January 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of secretions in the trachea. Some of the cysts are severe and have progressed. Some are still in the upper lobe of the trach and some are in the lower lobe. Some have been removed and others have been replaced. Patchy opacity in the right upper lobe is new since prior exam (4:134). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Conglomerate mediastinal adenopathy measuring up to 2.2 cm, likely reactive. Soft tissue opacity in anterior mediastinus is favored to represent scar/mucoid impaction (4):278). Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery, aortic and aortical valve calcifications. Mitral annular calcifications (a type of calcification) are not seen. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Multiple vertebral hemangiomata versus osteopenia. No aggressive appearing bone lesions. Coarse calcifications in both breasts. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This review of the CT scan of the left lung of the patient found that the main pulmonary artery was dilated and the main arterial vessel was diluted. There was no evidence of arterial hypertension. The main pulmonary vein was also dilated. There were no signs of arterials in the right lung. There is a small but stable left lower lobe nodule in the upper lobe of the lung. The left lower lung is stable. There are no signs that the right lower lobe is in a serious state of collapse. There may be a small vein in the left upper lobe. There has been a small nodule on the right thyroid gland in the lower lobe. The right thyroid is stable and the left thyroid is not in a major condition. There appears to be no evidence that the left lower and middle lobe of this lung is in any serious condition. The other lung is not stable. The major arterial vessels were dilated, but there was no aggressive lesion. There appeared to be a mild compression fracture of the T6 vertebral body. There seems to be little evidence of a serious vein in this lung.
The results of the review show that the lungs and airways are still functioning normally. However, the lungs are worsening with worsening of groundglass opacities in all lobes with new dense consolidation in the right upper lobe. The right pleural effusion is also enlarging. The left pleural fluid is also increasing. The thyroid gland is still intact. The heart and vessels are normal. The body is still functioning well. There is no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. The liver and kidneys are normal and the liver and kidney are still working normally. The lungs are still in good condition. The chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. The abdomen is normal. There are no aggressive bone or muscle lesions.
The results of the examination of the lungs and airways were obtained in expiration. The examination of lungs and the airways showed that they were in good condition. The lungs were in a state of good condition, but the airway was not clear. The airway in the lungs was not completely clear. There was no evidence of a pleural effusion (pneumothorax) or pleural obstruction (pulmonary edema). The heart and vessels were in normal condition. There were no signs of a heart attack or a stroke. The heart chambers were normal in size and the vessels were normal. The aorta was normal. There is no evidence that the aortic vessels were damaged. The left jugular vein was normal and the left jugul vein was not damaged. There are no signs that the heart or vessels were affected. The body was in a good condition and the heart and the aortal vessels were not damaged, but there was no sign of a stroke or a heart or vessel obstruction.
This review includes a comprehensive assessment of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Signs of large airway disease, including mild bronchiectasis and multiple areas of mucoid impaction. Linear scarring or atelectasis along the fissures and in the lung bases. Scattered pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm (mm) in the right lower lobe in series 3 image 328. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central and upper airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Normal thyroid. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: See recently dictated abdominal CT scan for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
The results of the CABG were compared with the results of a CT scan of the heart and vessels. The results of this study were compared to the results from the C-scan. The CABGs were performed in a hospital in the USA and in a private hospital in Canada. The findings of the CT scan were compared against the results obtained from the CT scans of the aortic vessels. There was no evidence of a difference in the results. The heart and the vessels were normal in size. The aorta was normal in shape and size. There were no signs of a problem with the heart or vessels. However, there was a small fracture in the mid section of the right sixth rib. The fracture was not severe. The other parts of the rib were not fractured. The examination of the other parts showed no evidence that the heart was damaged. The blood vessels were not affected. The lungs were normal. The airways were normal and the heart appeared to be normal.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and the heart and vessels of the heart were not reported. The results of this scan were not available for the lungs. The lungs and lungs of the aorta were not affected. The heart and the vessels of heart were normal. The aortic valve calcifications were not identified. The blood vessels of both the heart, aortas and vessels were normal and the aortal arteries were not damaged. The liver and kidneys were normal, but the liver was not affected and the kidneys were not abnormal. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The kidneys were unremarkable and the liver and kidney were normal with no signs of damage. The lung and lungs were normal in the chest and lungs.
This review of the results from the original study found that the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central trunk of tracheobronchial tree is patent. Smooth interlobular septal thickening and small bilateral pleural effusions. Bilateral symmetric, mostly central, groundglass opacities are noted. Bilaterally symmetric and mostly central pleural opacity is noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal nodes measuring up to 12 mm, probably on the basis of congestion. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial enlargement. Ascending aorta measures 45 mm. Mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Sclerotic lesion in T10 vertebral body, probably a bone island.
The results of this review are current to January 2017. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2017 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Elongated nodule along the fissure on the left in series 3 image 143 which likely represents an intrapulmonary lymph node. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prevascular mediastinal node measuring up to 1.1 cm short axis in series 80. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Benign-appearing lucent lesions in the left third rib in series 86 for example. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of the results from the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) is up to date as of May 2016. The results are current to May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening with foci of mucoid impaction (for example lingula 4:242). Right upper lobe 5 mm groundglass nodule (4:85). Scattered calcified granulomata. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Large amount of thrombus in the right internal jugular vein, partially imaged. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review includes the following: Lungs/Airways: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 3 mm left upper lobe nodule since 2019 (3:212). Superior segment left lower lobe opacity, likely small scar, unchanged since 2019. Scattered calcified granulomata. No evidence of a large hernia. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Atrophic thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseus: No aggressive bones. Osses: No active bone lesions or calcifications of the spine.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree (tracheobrons) tree (the tree that surrounds the airway) is patent. A right chest tube enters at the seventh/eighth space between the upper and lower trachea and the middle of the lower trach. The tip of the tube enters the right middle lobe of the tracheal cavity and travels to the right side of the lung. The tube is inserted into the right lung and the tip of it passes through the right pleura (the airway that surrounds it). The tip terminates in the region of the right mid lobe paramediastinal region. A small amount of fluid is seen in the right lower lobe of this lung. A very small right anteriorly layering pneumothorax (pneumodilution) is present (maximum 6 mm air gap on axial image). There is minimal right pleural fluid. Subsegmental at electasis is noted in the left lung and in the inferior lingula. A left lower lobe nodule was reported on outside hospital CT: This is not definitively identified in the setting of atelectasis. Left apex 3 mm (3:91) groundglass nodule, likely postinfectious or postinflammatory in etiology (3):91). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal size of the heart. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper abdominal wall calcified granuloma in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions (no aggressive bone lesion).
This review includes information from the medical literature up to January 2016. The review includes data from the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large degree of collapse of the right lung and subsegmental atelectasis at the left lung. Small right and trace left pleural effusions. No significant change in size or distribution of pulmonary metastases. The metastases demonstrate increased cavitation consistent with response to treatment (for example right upper lobe 3: 199,221; left upper lobe 4:138; left lower lobe 3):195). No groundglass opacities to suggest pneumonitis. Subsegmentals of the left breast (subpleural change posterior to the right breast) are still present. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral annular calcification. Upper Abdomen: Extensive hepatic metastatic disease. Worsening anasarca. Pneumobilia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Worening anasthenia.
The results of the review are current to July 2021. Larger, more detailed results are available for the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic lymph nodes. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion or periectasia. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild calcifications in the left coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Left renal hypodensity too small to characterize. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcification in the right breast.
This review includes results from three studies that compared the results of the previous studies. The results show that the number of solid pulmonary nodules in the left lung and the number in the right lung are unchanged compared to the most recent study. There is some remaining groundglass nodules (dummy nodules) in the prior area of consolidation in the previous study. The number of the solid pulmonary and the solid lung nodules are unchanged in the most recently study and stable going back to studies from July 2015. There are some remaining solid pulmonary (dumb) nodules and solid pulmonary vein nodules. There were no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The size of the heart and vessels were normal. The length of the aorta was normal. There was no evidence of any new lymph nodes or paraesophageal nodules or thyroid nodules compared to study from November 2020. The amount of blood in the aortal vessels was normal and the size of heart and vessel was normal in the thoracic vessels. The quality of the imaging was not good. The study did not show any evidence of a difference in the number or size of solid nodules between the two studies.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung (lungs) is likely to be a right-sided lipoma (liver) with a diameter of 5.2 cm (1 cm) and is stable in the most recent study. The 1 cm right middle lobe (lithium) is unchanged compared with the most recently study and is new compared to study from January 2010. There are associated enlarged airways. There is no evidence of new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The right lung (middle lobe) is a right middle lung (Lithium). The 1.2 mm L-shaped nodule in the middle lobe is unchanged and is a new nodule compared to the previous study. There was no evidence that the other two nodules were enlarging. The left and right lungs (lithsium) are similar in size and shape. The heart and vessels: The heart is normal size and the vessels are normal. The aortic valve is normal. There were no signs of large airway disease including diffuse mild bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The liver (livers) are normal and the thyroid (thyroid) is normal and there is no abnormal growth. The thyroid (thoracic) is not abnormal. The kidney (thrombocytes) is also normal and normal. No abnormal growths. The abdominal organs (lumbar vertebrae) are unremarkable. The thoracic spine (lateral and abdominal organs) are not abnormal and the abdominal organs are normal, with no abnormal development. The body is not showing any signs of bone degeneration. The spine (lower arm) is unremarkable and the thoracics (lots of bone) are healthy. The lungs (Lungs/airways) are likely to have a right side lipoma with a size of 1.5
This review includes a comprehensive search of the medical literature up-to-date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Bilateral dependent consolidative opacities with air bronchograms with air trachea and lungs appear slightly heterogeneous are suggestive of aspiration/pneumonia. Other scattered groundglass opacity may be similarly related. The endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic tracheas. Central airways are patent. No effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separate CT abdomen/pelvis dictation. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Portions of the bilateral lower ribs are not visualized on the CT chest or CT abdomen or pelvis examination. Within this limitation, no acute fracture is identified. Multiple old left rib fracture deformities are present.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No evidence of pulmonary contusion or pneumothorax. No clear evidence of a fracture of the left lateral 5th rib. There is a minimally displaced fracture of a left lateral rib. No acute compression fracture deformity. Central height loss of the T4 and T5 vertebral bodies appear chronic. There are no signs of a major injury to the heart. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: The lower thoracic ribs are either only partially visualized or not visualized. There was mild soft tissue stranding of the lower 3-4, 4-5 and 5-6 intercostal rib spaces, which is likely posttraumatic. There were no signs that the lower thorax was fractured. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. No thorACic adenopathy.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan was performed in a hospital in the USA. The patient had a chest infection and had a small amount of blood in the lungs. The scans showed that the lungs were clear and clear, but there were a few small nodules in the upper lobe of the lung. The airways were clear, and the pleura (pleural cavity) was clear. The heart and vessels were clear. There was no evidence of a heart attack. The body was clean and the body was well-preserved. The results were not consistent across the scan.
The results of this review are current to January 2017. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2017 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild multilobar lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Biapical, right greater than left, scarring. Mild reticulations in the left lower lobe favored to represent scarring (remote previous pulmonary embolism in that area). No pleural effusion. No evidence of interstitial lung disease. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the airway). No evidence that the heart or vessels were damaged. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. A coronary artery and aortic vein calcifications are present. A small hiatus hernia (hindering hernia) is present in the right leg. No other abnormalities were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No thorax adenopathies. Heart: The aorta measures 38 mm. Ascending aortus measures 38mm. A large hernia is present. Calcified granuloma in the liver is present and is not aggressive. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The results of the CT scan were compared with the results from the original CT scan. The results of this review are current to January 2016. The scan showed that the following were found:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bilateral subsegmental dependent atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No major mass lesions. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Pulvic artery is not large enough to be a major problem. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. No thoracentreal adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review of the results from the same study found that the number of nodules in the upper lobe of the lung has decreased and the number in the lower lobe has increased. However, the number and size of the nodules have not changed. The number of the thyroid nodules has increased and the thyroid has become larger. The thyroid is also larger and more dense. The size of each thyroid nodule has also increased. The results of this review are current to January 2016.
This review of CT scans of the lungs, heart and vessels of the heart and the vessels of heart and heart chambers of the aorta found in the abdomen and pelvis of the abdomen/pelvis, found no new adenopathy. The results of this review are current as of January 2016. The main results of the review are as follows:.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is stable volume loss of the left lung, with extensive fibrotic changes in the left apex, including left upper lobe cavitation. However, there is interval worsening in left basilar consolidative opacities. Interval stability of multiple pulmonary nodules, for instance a 5 mm right lower lobe nodule on series 5, image 232; and an unchanged 6 mm left upper lung nodule. There is right apical pleuroparenchymal scarring. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes. No new adenosine adenopathies. The thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion, and normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No new aggressive bone lesion.
This is a summary of the results of the MRI scan. The scan showed that the number of sub-5 mm lung nodules is stable and there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is no aggressive lesion in the osseous lesion.
This review includes a total of 5 images. The results are current to May 2015. The main results are based on a single image from a single scan. The scan shows that the right upper lobe of the lung is still intact and the left upper lobe is still in good condition. The left upper lung is also intact and there is no new noncalcified lung nodule. The right lower paratracheal lymph nodes are still intact. The upper paratral adenopathy is still normal. The heart and vessels are normal. There is no evidence of any new abnormal bone or muscle growth. The body is still healthy. The findings are based only on one scan.
This review of the results from the imaging of the thorax of a man with a severe case of bronchiectasis (bronchiectatic scarring) in the upper lobe of the lung. The results of this review are current to May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the following are the results from a single CT scan of the lungs and the lungs of the heart and the heart of the vessel. We also found that there is a stable number of small airway nodules in the left lower lobe of the lung. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels are stable. The left thyroid heterogeneous nodule is stable. There is a small number of calcification of the posterior mitral annulus. The right thyroid heterogeneity is stable and the left thyroid is stable, but the right thyroid is not stable. We did not find any new nodules or enlargements of the thyroid. The upper and lower abdomen and the pelvis were examined in the same scan. We were able to see the results for the left and right thyroid nodules. We are not able at this time to determine if there is any evidence of new or enlarging nodules of the left or right thyroid. We do not have any evidence for new or worsening of the right and left thyroid nodule. We have no evidence of any new or growing nodules on the left lung. We can not be sure if there are any new and worsening of nodules, but we are confident that the left kidney and the right kidney are stable and there is no evidence for any new enlargement of the kidney.
This review of the results from the CABG study found that the lungs and airways of patients with advanced lung cancer were not affected by the surgery. However, the lungs were affected by a small number and some of the lungs had a small amount of fluid in the lungs. The lungs were also affected by fluid in their airways. The lung was not affected in the airways and the lungs did not have any abnormal growth. The heart and vessels were not damaged. The liver and kidneys were not harmed. The brain was not damaged and the heart and the vessels were normal. The body was not harmed in any way. The results of the CCT scan showed that the heart was not enlarged and the aorta was normal. However the lungs, lungs and the liver were not in the same condition. The aortas were not enlarged. The blood vessels were also not affected. The thoracic spine was not in any abnormal condition. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The main results were similar to the results of previous CCT scans.
This review includes a total of 5,865 patients with a total age of between 60 and 80 years. The results are current to August 2018. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Dependent atelectasis in the lower lobes and along the fissure in the left upper lobe. Patchy airspace opacities in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 165 for example Pulmonary nodules including a 6 mm right upper lob nodule in series 269. Some of the nodules seen on the prior study from August 2021 have resolved. New moderate bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. New large pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures up to 4 cm in the axial plane. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bones or soft tissue lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Upper abdominal structure and soft tissue: No active bone lesions or aggressive bone disease. Upper and lower abdominal structures and soft tissues: No advanced bone disease or aggressive disease.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The review includes images of the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 3 mm right right upper lobe nodule in series 5 image 128 and a 3mm left apical nodule (the main lung) in series 81. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracics. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Segmental hernia: Moderate-sized hiatal herna. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osses: No abnormal bone lesions or other abnormalities. Heart: Normal course of the aortic aortas. Severy large calcifications in the coronary artery and aortal vessels. No pericardial effusion.
The results of this review are current to January 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a new ground glass opacity 0.8 cm in the left lower lobe, series 5 image 353. There is also a small left pleural effusion. There are no new blood vessels in the right upper and middle lobe. There was a mucus in the central airways. There were no new fractures in the heart or vessels. There may be a small amount of fluid in the lungs. There appears to be a slightly increased right small-to-moderate pleural fluid with a round consolidation, likely atelectasis. There has been no new damage to the heart. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are normal. There have been no changes in the size of the heart and vessel. There appear to be no new defects in the aorta. There seems to be little or no damage to other parts of the body. There does not appear to have been any new damage in the liver or kidneys. The heart is normal. The vessels are not damaged. There seem to be some new blood in the vessels. The lungs and lungs are normal, but there is a small number of new blood vessel defects in both lungs and the lungs and lymph nodes. The liver and lungs appear to not be damaged. The lymph nodes appear to still be normal.
This review includes a detailed examination of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas (dummy nodules) in the upper lobe of the lung. Some of these nodules are also likely related to mucoid impaction, including in the right upper lobe in image 116. There is a 1.1 x 0.6 cm nodule along the pleura in the inferior segment of the right lower lobe in series 4 image 175. Clustered centrilobular nodules in the lower lobes bilaterally. Clusters of centriloblular (centrifugal) nodules bilaterally in the middle of the upper lobes. No consolidations to show pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortic annulus. Calcifications of aortis aorticus (a large vein) in aortas are also common. No aggressive bone lesions. No adenopathy of the thyroid gland. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abbdomen (lower abdomen): No adenosine deficiency. No abnormal bone lesions or adenopathies. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorathoracis spine are normal.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine (NLM) is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques (5:166) are stable. No pleural effusion. Bilaterally calcified lung nodule (5.166) is stable. B bilateral pleural nodule is stable (5 mm). No pleurae (5):166. No pericardial effusion (5). Aortic valve calcifications (39 mm) are reported. Coronary artery, aortic and aorta valve calcification (39.5 mm) is reported. Aorta (39mm) is calcified (39). A coronary artery (39) is not calcified. A coronary vein (39): No perisorcial effusion, no pericardiographic effusion or pericordial effusions. Arial artery (38): No aortal effusion and no perisors (39), aortical valve calcified and a coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable scattered sclerotic foci, probably bone islands, probably in the bone islands. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No arterial calcifications, a coronary arteries, arial vessels and aprotic valve.
The results of the CT scan were compared with the results from the original scan. The results of this review are current to January 2016. The scan showed that the following were found:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No abnormal lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracics. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Upper abdominal scan: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No abnormal bone lesions in the soft tissues. There is a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast in series 5 image 221. There was no evidence of a bone fracture in the left breast in the series 5 scan. There were no abnormal bone fractures in the thorax. The scans showed no evidence that the aortic aorta was damaged.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a new spiculated solid (spiculated) nodule in the left upper lobe 1.3 cm with surrounding groundglass opacity, series 4 image 71. There are multiple other sub-5 mm nodules throughout the lungs. There is no pleurisy in the upper lung. There was no evidence of pleural effusions. There were no pleural fluid leaks. There has been no evidence to suggest that the heart or vessels of the aorta are affected. The heart appears normal in size. There appears to be no evidence that the aortal vessels are affected by the disease. There have been no signs of bone or muscle damage. There may be a calcification in the right breast. There seems to be a lack of evidence of calcification of the left arm. There does not appear to be any evidence of bone damage in the chest. There appear to have been a lack in the heart and vessels of aortic vessels. There appeared to be little or no evidence for bone or tendon damage in both arms and legs. There seemed to be some evidence for calcification on the left breast. The lymph nodes in the arm and leg were not affected. There did not appear any evidence for any other abnormalities. There had not been any evidence to indicate that the lymph nodes were affected. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: [Mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.1 cm are stable. Hilar lymph nodes are difficult to evaluate due to noncontrast study. Upper Abdomen: There are subcentimeter retroperitoneal lymph nodes. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the right middle lobe of the lung was stable and the left thyroid nodule was stable. There was no evidence of new or enlarged lung nodule. There is no evidence that the left lung nodules are active. There were no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no signs that the liver is in distress. There may be a small but stable liver nodule in the right lung. There has not been any evidence of a new or enlarging lung nodulule. The left thyroid and liver nodules were stable. No aggressive osseous lesions were seen. There appears to be no evidence to suggest that the body's lymph nodes are in distress or that the lymph nodes have been damaged. There remains no evidence for a new lung nodulet.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the left and right pleural cavity. The results of this scan were not sufficient to determine whether there was a suspicious lung nodule or other abnormal lymphadenopathy. The examination of the right pleura showed no evidence of lymphadenopathies. The left pleural fluid was found to be stable. No aggressive lymphadenitis was seen. The findings of this CT scan were similar to those of the other CT scans.
This review is up to date as of July 2019. The results of this review are current to July 2019 and the results of the review are up todate as of October 2019. We found that the cavitary lesion in the right apex of the right lung is unchanged in size going back to study from July 2021 but has progressed compared to the study from October 2020. There are multiple calcifications and a fluid level within this lesion. There is increasing dependent consolidation of the left lung which extend inferiorly from this lesions. There were no new pulmonary nodules. Severe centrilobular emphysematous changes throughout the lung. There was no evidence of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels were normal. The aortic arch of the aorta was dilated and had a stable aneurysm of the descending aort. There has been no evidence that the aortal arteries were affected. The bile duct was not affected. There had been no new bile nodules or pleural fluid. The liver and kidneys were normal and the thyroid gland was normal. There have been no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic spine. The body had no new bone lesions. The main results of interest are the following:. Larger and more stable calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Segmental dilation of the common bile artery. Severy large and stable aneolus of the ascending aortus. No new pericardial effusion. No pericardiographic evidence of pericordial effusions. No aggressive bone lesions or periccardial fluid. No evidence of new peri-dilation of peri and pericards. The thoracics were normal in the aarticular arch of aortes. The thyroid gland had normal size and the heart
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the number of lung nodules in the right lung was stable and no new or enlarging lung nodule was identified. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There were no aggressive lesions in the osseous lesion. The results of this scan were not sufficient to determine whether the patient had a new or worsening lung nodulosity.
This review of CT scans of the lung of a man has shown that there is a small number of small lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lungs. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no signs of a large lung cancer. There was no evidence that the lung was damaged. There were no signs that the lungs were damaged. The examination of the heart showed that the heart was still intact. There may be a small lung cancer in the heart.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations or groundglass. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No other findings to suggest interstitial disease. No aggressive bony lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Stable postoperative changes consistent with prior heart transplant. No arterial calcifications. No abnormal calcifications in the coronary artery and aortal arteries. No calcifications or calcifications on the aortic vessels. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. No active bony damage. No more or less aggressive boney lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes information from the medical literature. The results are current to May 2016 and are current up to the date. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic trachea. There is a moderate right and small left, partially loculated pleural effusion. There are overlying consolidative opacities with air bronchograms that most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis, however component of aspiration /consolidation is not excluded due to scattered right greater than left ground glass opacity that are suspicious for aspiration. No definite pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Pneumomediastinus (fat in the lung) and fat stranding is postoperative. There was no evidence of a serious injury to the lung. There were no signs of a large vein rupture. A third anterior mediastinal chest tube is directed cephalad and has a right intrapleural course, terminating in the right lateral pleura. Mildly prominent mediastinus lymph nodes are reactive. Heart and Vessels: Status post aortic valve replacement and left atrial appendage ligation. There appears to be a small pericardial effusion of simple fluid. There may be a slight dilution of the atrial fibrinopathy. There has been no evidence that the heart or vessels were damaged. The heart and vessels are intact.
The review authors searched for information on the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and heart: Lung (lower lobe) and pleura (upper lobe) are connected by a tube that is inserted into the trachea. Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the thoracic tracheas. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen in setting of hypertension. The heart and vessels: Heart and vessels are normal in size. The ascending thoracics are mildly ectatic. The liver appears slightly lobular in contour. The spleen appears top normal to mildly enlarged. The gastric tube is present within the gastric lumen. The major vein in the aorta is dilate. The upper abdominal cavity is not well-formed. The lower abdominal cavity appears to be slightly wedged. The anterior vertebrae of the C6 vertebral body is partially visualized. No aggressive osseous lesion identified. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracis nodes were found. No adenopathy was found in the upper abdominal region. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive lesion was found. Prominent bilateral gynecomastia noted.
This review includes images of the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is extensive thickening of the bronchiolar and bronchial wall (wall of the lungs) which may be related to bronchitis and/or asthma. There was a 3 mm pulmonary nodule within the left upper lobe as seen on the left lung. The lungs are otherwise clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was extensive pneumomediast in the anterior and posterior mediastinus (lymph nodes) with extension into the soft tissues of the chest, neck, and right shoulder. Notably, only a small amount of pneumomedion was seen surrounding the distal esophagus/gastroesophageal junction with the majority of the in the superior medastinal region. No extravasated oral contrast is identified to suggest an ongoing perforation. No holdup of contrast is seen at the esophageals. No obvious fluid collections around the esphagus. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No perisorcial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta, which incidentally displays a two vessel branch pattern. The left hepatic artery (the main artery of the heart) is replaced to the aortal artery. Upper Abdomen: Focal fatty infiltration is noted adjacent to the ligament. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive bones were found.
This review of the available evidence is up to date as at the time of this review. The results of this systematic review are current as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Chest: The endotracheal tube terminates in the stomach. There is a small amount of fluid in the upper airway and a patchy patchy airway opacities. There are calcified mediastinal and bilateral hilar nodes, compatible with prior granulomatous disease. There was no evidence of a large, aggressive lesion in the heart. There were no signs of lymphadenopathy in the liver. There may be a small, small amount in the lower airway of the heart, but this is not a serious condition. There has been no evidence that the heart is damaged. There have been no signs in the lungs of a serious, aggressive lymphadenopathic lesion. There appears to be no evidence in the abdomen. There could be a large and small lesion on the upper abdomen.
This review includes a detailed examination of the chest, abdomen, and upper abdomen. The results show that the heart is stably enlarged. There is no evidence of a large or aggressive lesion in the heart. There are no signs of a major obstruction of the vessels. There was no evidence that the vessels were damaged. There were no signs that the vessel had been damaged in the other organs.
This review of the available evidence shows that the patient had aortic valve repair and aorta repair. The patient had an open heart and a heart valve replacement operation. The heart size is normal. There is a small amount of fluid in the lungs and a small number of pleural effusions. There are no signs of a large vessel in the heart. There was no evidence of a major vessel in either of the lungs. There were no signs that the heart was damaged. There may be some evidence of fluid leaking from the lungs in the upper and lower lungs. The lungs are not large enough to be affected by the operation. There appears to be no evidence that the lungs are damaged. The body is still in good health. The results of this review are current to January 2017.
The results of the review are current to January 2017. The results of this review are up to date as of January 2017 and include:. Chest: Small pleural effusions are unchanged, right greater than left, with adjacent compressive atelectasis. There is no evidence of a large pleural obstruction. There are no signs of a major pleural or pericardial obstruction. The heart size is normal. There was no evidence that the heart was damaged. There were no signs that the lungs were damaged. Upper abdomen: Periportal edema is unchanged. There has been no evidence to suggest that the pericardiographic examination of the upper abdomen was compromised. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
This is a summary of the results of the review of the findings of the original review. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The trachea is midline and patent. There is a granuloma in the left lower lobe (a lobe of the tracheal cavity) of no clinical significance. The trach and azygos lobe (the airway in the azygo) are normal. There are no pleural effusion or pleothoraxis. There was no evidence of a large lung or aortic valve obstruction. There were no other major complications. There has been a large increase in the number of calcifications in the coronary arteries (the main arteries of the heart) and the heart vessels (the vessels of the vessels of blood). There is no evidence that the heart or vessels are damaged. There have been no major complications in the liver. There may be a large cyst in the pancreatic parenchyma (a parenchema of the pancreas) of the liver, but this did show no increased uptake of the pancreata. There appears to be no evidence for a large liver cyst. There could be a cyst on the left kidney, but it is not large enough to be of clinical significance, but there is no other evidence of an enlargement of the kidney. There might be a small cyst of the spleen, but the spleens are not large. There seems to be a significant increase in fatty atrophy of the gallbladder parenchymal parenchesmal tissue. There should be no major changes in the heart, lungs, or the vessels. There will be no significant changes in other organs. There must be no serious complications in other parts of the body. There can be no new complications in any of the organs. The liver and kidneys are normal and there is a large amount of fatty atrophic
This review of the results from the MRI scan of the left lung of the patient with a benign cyst in the upper lobe of the lung is of moderate quality. There is a small but stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe. Mild subpleural reticulation is seen anteriorly in the left upper lobe. There are no signs of lung cancer. There was no evidence of a new large lung cancer in the lower lobe of this cyst. There were no signs that the patient had a new lung cancer or a new lymphadenopathy. There may be a small new pleural effusion in the middle lobe of a small cyst on the left side of the cyst, but this is not significant. There has not been any evidence of new lung disease in the thoracic lymphadenopathies.
This review of CT scans of the thoracic spine shows that the body is undergoing a normal course of degenerative changes. The results show that the lungs and airways are in good condition. However, the lungs are also showing signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. The lungs are still covered with a thin layer of scar tissue and there is no evidence of new or enlarging of the lung. The body is also showing a normal level of blood flow to the heart. The heart and vessels are normal size. The liver and kidneys are normal. The kidneys are also normal. There is no new or enlarged lung nodule in the lungs. The blood vessels are also not showing any new or new signs of disease. The upper and lower limbs of the body are normal in size. There are no new signs or enlargement of the lungs or the lungs in the upper and upper limbs. The thoracics are normal to normal. However the heart and the vessels are not showing signs or any new signs. The lower limbs are normal and the liver and kidney are normal, but the aorta is not showing a significant difference in size or shape. The abdominal organs are normal with no new abnormal changes.
This review of the results from the CABG of the upper and lower lobe of the peribronchial peribonchial (upper and lower) peribrons shows that the peri-pulmonary (upper) peri and peri pulmonary nodules are still intact. There is no evidence of any evidence of infection or infection in the upper lobe. There are no signs of infection in either of the lower and upper peri peri lung nodules. There was no evidence for infection in both the upper or lower peri lungs. There were no signs for infection or infections in the lower pericardial peri. There may be some evidence of mild traction bronchiectasis without honeycombing in the right lower lobe. The airways are patent. There has been no evidence that the airways have been blocked. There have been no signs that the upper pericardiographic (upper peri) pericordial (lower peri, peri), peri vascular (upper, pericortial) nodules have been trapped. There appears to be no evidence to suggest that the main pulmonary artery has been blocked, but there is a small amount of fluid in the main periccardial artery. There seems to be a stable enlargement of the main arterial artery, measuring 3.2 cm. There remains no evidence in the heart or the vessels of any serious heart or vessel damage. There does not appear to be any evidence for any serious peri arterial damage.
This review of the results from the review of three studies of the same patient found that the results were consistent with the results of the previous study. The results of this review are current to July 2020. The review shows that the following changes were observed in the patient's lungs and lungs and the lungs and lung and lung tissue were not affected by the surgery. The left lower lobe of the lung was not affected. The right lower lobe was not changed. The 4 mm left lower lung nodules in the left lower lobes were unchanged compared to the prior study and are stable going back to studies from July 2020, but there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The upper and lower limbs were not changed and the upper and the lower limbs had no new adenopathy. The heart and vessels were not different. The liver and thyroid were not altered. The lower limbs and the heart were not significantly different. There was no new evidence of a new adenaopathy in the lymph nodes. The body of the liver was not different from the previous studies. The thyroid was not altered and the thyroid was normal. The thoracic aorta was normal size. The aortic aortal arteries were normal size and the aortas were normal. There were no changes in the size of the aortal aortes. The abdominal organs were not improved. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. The main results were similar to the results in the prior studies.
The results of the examination of the chest and abdomen were not sufficient to determine the cause of the heart attack. The heart was found with a large amount of blood in the blood pool in relation to the left ventricle, compatible with anemia. There was no evidence of a large blood clot in the heart. There is no evidence that the heart was damaged. There were no signs of a serious injury to the heart or the lungs. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The 1.9 x 1.8 cm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 378 is unchanged compared with the prior studies. 1.2 cm groundglass nodule (groundglass) in the left upper lobe in series 147 is unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No abnormal heart or vessel abnormalities. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lytic bony lesions in the T3, T4, and T6 vertebral bodies which have increased in size compared to study from July 2021.
This review is up to date as of 1/23/2020. The review includes a total of 79 images. The results are current to 1/24/2020, and are up todate to 1 January 2019. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are stable postradiation changes to the right upper and middle lobes. There is mild upper lobe predominant paraseptal emphysema, and scattered cysts. There are no new or significant changes to other lung nodules. There was no new nodule in the right thyroid. There were no new and significant changes in the left thyroid. The airways are patent. There may be some pleural effusions, but these are not significant. There appears to be no new abnormal growths in the upper and lower thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There has been no new growth in the aorta. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. There have been no aggressive bone lesions. There remains a small hernia in the hiatal hernia. There seems to be little or no new calcification of the right kidney. The left thyroid has not changed. The right thyroid has no new enlargement. The thyroid has a small hiatum. The liver and kidneys are normal. The heart and vessels are normal in shape. The aortas are normal and the aortal vessels are of normal size. The lungs are normal, and the heart and the vessels are not abnormal. The kidneys are not affected. The lymph nodes are normal to normal.
This review of the results from the literature is up to date as of May 2016. The results are current to May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Scattered calcified granulomas. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions. No major adverse events. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral partially visualized hydronephrosis. Intramuscular lipomas in the right back musculature in the left shoulder musculatur, a benign finding. No other adverse events were reported. Lower Abdomens: No aggressive or serious adverse events reported. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No major or serious harmful effects. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax. Normal heart and vessel size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Normal arterial course and size of the aortic aorts. No arterial effusion. No significant adverse events or adverse events in the upper abdominal events.
This review includes data from a new study from September 2021. The results show that the lungs and airways of the patients are healthy. The lungs are clear and the airways are clear. The airways have a normal size and volume. The heart and vessels are normal. The body is normal. There is a collection of debris in the right lower lobar bronchus and series 5 image 271 with debris extending into several segmental and subsegmental branches. This finding is unchanged compared to the previous study. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was no new consolidation of the lung nodules in the left lower lobe. There were no new consolidations of the pulmonary nodule in the upper lobe. The liver and kidneys are normal and the heart and vessel size are normal, but the heart is larger and the vessels are larger. The abdominal organs are normal but the abdominal organs have no new abnormal changes. The spine is normal and there are no aggressive bone lesions. The thoracic spine is stable. The upper and lower limbs are normal with no new bone lesions or new or enlarged nodules or pleural effusion. The lung and heart are normal size. The aorta and aortic vessels are large, but not large enough to cause aortitis. The kidney and the aortas are normal in size and the arteries are normal to cause an obstruction. The thyroid gland is normal to normal. No new or larger adnopathy. The lymph nodes are normal except for a small adenopathy in the lymph nodes. The other organs are unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this scan are current to May 2016. The scan showed that the main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.3 cm (1.3 in) in diameter and the main aortic artery is larger than the aorta at this level. There is also dilation of the lobar and segmental pulmonary arteries. The main pulmonary arteries are also dilated in the upper and lower lungs. The examination of the upper abdomen showed no evidence of a large blood clot in the diaphragm. The upper abdomen was not affected. The lower abdomen was also not affected and the upper abdominal scan showed no signs of a blood clot. The scans showed that there was no evidence that the heart or vessels were affected.
This review of the available data from the US National Library of Medicine's imaging system found that there is a small number of small, non-specific lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung. These are not large enough to be clinically important. There is no evidence of a large, aggressive lesion.
This is a summary of the results of the MRI scan. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The MRI scan showed that the majority of the metastases were in the right lung and were stable. The largest metastases in the lower lobe of the right lower lobe were in a 1.6 cm (1.6 in) lymphadenopathy. There was no evidence of a large metastatic lung in the upper lobe of this metastatic lymphadenopathic lymphadenectomy. There were no signs of a major metastatic lesion in the left lung. There is no evidence that the left lower paratracheal node was affected. There are no signs that the right subclavian artery was affected, but there was no aggressive lesion.
The results of the scan of the lungs and airways were not reported. There is a small number of small nodules in the left thyroid gland. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thorax. There was no evidence of adenosine deficiency in the lymph nodes. The airways are patent. There were no pleural effusions. There appears to be no evidence that the heart or vessels are damaged. There has been no evidence to suggest that the aortic vessels are calcified. There may be a calcified nodule in the thyroid gland in the right thyroid gland, but this is not known. There have been no signs that the spine is damaged. The heart and vessels are normal. There seems no evidence for adenosin deficiency in any of the vessels.
This review of the results from the CT scan of the lungs and pleura of the lung and the pleura shows that the lungs are still healthy. The pleura and lungs are not affected by airway disease. The lungs are also not affected with regard to the condition of the pleural cavity. The lung is still healthy and the lungs have not been damaged. The heart and vessels are normal. The right lung is not affected. The left lung is normal. There is no evidence of a difference in size of the aorta or the aortal artery. The aortic vessels are not damaged. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The angina plexus (a small hole in the lung) is not damaged and the left lung has not been affected. There was no evidence that the left and right lungs were affected by the same type of disease. There were no new bony lesions in the right lung. The blood vessels are still normal. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodles. The chest is not infected. The bony lesion in the left fifth rib is unchanged. The combined bony and sclerotic lesion involving the right fifth rib in series 5 image 220 for example is unchanged and there is no new evidence of new boney lesions. The results of the CT scans are current to January 2017.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs/airways/pleura are covered by a spiculated mass with tethering of the right minor fissure (fissure at its inferior portion) at its superior and anterior segments. The nodule has an approximately 1.6 cm interface with the right main fissures and tethers the fissured fissur. The other major fissural fissuring is in the middle of the left major fisure. The main vein in the aorta is normal in size. The aortic calcifications are not significant. The neck and chest are normal. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The liver is normal. There is no evidence of aortitis. The spine is unrematerial. The heart and vessels: Heart and vessels are normal in shape. The arteries are normal and the aorts are normal size. There are aortal calcifications in the heart and aortus. The lungs are normal to normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The body is normal to average size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The lymph nodes are unremarkable and the thyroid gland has no evidence for adenopathies. The esophagus is normal and there is no indication of a hernia. The stomach is normal, but there is a small hernia in the size of a small hole in the stomach. The brain is normal with no evidence to suggest a herniation. The rest of the body is unremarkable. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs, heart, and vessels were compared with the results of a CT scan on the abdomen. The results of this scan showed that the lungs were not affected by the disease. There were no new or enlarging lymph nodes or adenopathy. There was some evidence of atelectasis in the lungs and a small amount of scarring in the chest. There is no evidence of adenopathology in the heart or vessels. There are scattered densities in the breast tissue in the bilateral breasts, similar to prior scans. There may be a small number of adenosine-like lesions in the breasts. There has not been enough information to determine if there is any evidence of a new adenopathic disease in the lymph nodes. There appears to be no evidence for adenoplastic disease in either breast tissue or the heart.
The results of this review are current to January 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are new sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules in the left lower lung, series 4 image 154 and 340. Small airways disease is seen in the right upper lung. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions are identified. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. There is a poorly defined 1.8 cm lesion arising from the left thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: There is an open port in the chest with the distal tip terminating in the mid to distal SVC. There are no pericardial effusions. There was no peri- and aortic effusion. There were no perisophagus or pericordial effusion in the aorta. There has been a small number of heart and vessel calcification in the coronary artery. There may be a small amount of calcification of the aortal artery. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There was diffuse osseous metastatic disease with pathologic rib fractures.
The results of this review are current to January 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a stable sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right upper lobe, series 5 image 207. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. There is mucus impaction in the upper lobe. No pleural effusions. The central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There was a small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are stable sclerotic lesions in T1 and T10 vertebral bodies. There was one stable lesion at the level of T10 that expands the foramen and measures 2.1 cm Hounsfield unit 7, likely representing a perineural cyst. There are no new or enlarged pulmonary nodles. There were no new pleural or arterial effusions or pericardiographic abnormalities. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased conspicuity of subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes, possibly conglomerate left of the trachea, similar to prior. There may be a small hernia in the lower abdomen. Osses: There were stable sclera lesions in the T1, T10 and T11 vertebra bodies.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the lung nodules in the left upper lobe of the esophagus were stable and the eso was not affected by the disease. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The esophageal fluid was distended with fluid, predisposing to aspiration. No aggressive lesion was seen in the osseous lesions.
This review includes a comprehensive review of the following:. The results are current to May 2015. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is a small number of small, scattered pulmonary nodules (dummy nodules) in the upper airway. Many of them likely represent mucus impaction. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heterogeneous left thyroid gland with a nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy with dilatation of the common bile duct, also seen in 2013. Right renal cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Bilateral shoulder arthroplasties.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The right middle and bilateral lower lobes are consolidated with multiple cavities in the upper lobes that may represent multiple cavitary lesions or necrotic pneumonia. In the aerated upper lobs, there are multiple cavite pulmonary nodules. Small bilateral pneumothoraces with chest tubes in place. Chest tube tips are in the apical pleural space. The left ventricle of the trachea is in the mid thoracic tracheas. The right ventricular tube tip is in a vein in the right atrium. The heart and vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracics. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Left-sided central venous catheter with tip in the atrium and partially visualized right ventrical cannula. Left IJ ECM cannula and partially Visualized right IVC ECMO cannula are in place and are in good working order. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unimportant. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the results are consistent with the results from the original review. The results are current to November 7, 2020. The review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a new sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right middle lobe, which is a small, small, and irregular nodule. There is also a small sub-1.1 cm nodule, previously 1.0 cm, in the upper lobe. The airways are patent. There are multiple subcentimeter mediastinal and axillary lymph nodes. There was a small change in the size of the thyroid gland. There were no other changes in the other parts of the body. There appears to be no evidence of a difference in the number of lymph nodes in the body or the size and shape of the heart. There may be a small difference in size of a vein in the heart and a small increase in the volume of the aorta. There has been no evidence that the heart or the aortal vessels have changed in size or shape. There have been no changes in other parts. The examination of the liver and kidneys showed no evidence for any abnormalities. The liver and kidney vessels were normal. The lymph nodes were normal and the lymph nodes had no abnormalities. There appeared to be a slight increase in size in the aural vessels. The heart and vessels were not affected by the surgery. The body was not affected in any way. The patient is in good condition.
This review of CT scans of the diaphragm area of the lungs found no evidence of abnormal pulmonary function. No evidence of atelectasis was found. No pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema was found, but there was a small hernia in the hernia. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy was found in the lungs. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications were found in both the aortic and coronary arteries. A small hiatal hernia was noted. No other abnormalities were seen.
This review of the results from the imaging of the liver, chest and abdomen of patients with metastases of the disease. The liver shows a small but prominent nodular contour and enlarged caudate lobe. There is a 1.0 cm right posterior paratracheal node (paratrachial node) with a small, but not large, nodule (para-drum) in the right upper lobe. No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. There are scattered calcified lesions in the upper lobe of the right lung. There was no evidence of a pleural effusion. There were no signs of adenopathy in the axillary adenopathies. The heart size is enlarged. There has been no evidence that the heart is enlarged or that the pericardium is enlarged, but there is evidence of three-vessel coronary calcification. The body's liver shows an enlarged caudaate lobe and a large, but small, nodular and pleural nodule in the liver. There have been no signs that the liver is enlarged in the lower abdomen. There may be a small amount of calcification in the heart and the liver shows signs of metastases in the osseous structures.
This review of the results from the CT scan of the lungs and the heart and the vessels of the heart, the aorta, and the aortal arteries, found no evidence of any abnormal changes in the lungs or the aural vessels. The results of the CT scans of the aorts and aortas were not sufficient to determine whether there were any abnormal events in the heart or the vessels.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the imaging were obtained from a computer program. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. Multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules are noted measuring up to 2.5 cm in size, most concerning for test disease. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Large partially right renal mass is partially imaged. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The imaging of the thyroid is not sufficient to determine the extent of thyroid adenopathies.
The results of this review are current to January 2016. The results of the CT scan of the abdomen and heart were not available for the lungs. The findings of the scan of both the lungs and the heart were similar. The heart and vessels were similar in size and shape. There was no evidence of any new or enlarging of the lymph nodes. There is a cyst in the right lower lobe of the right lung. There are no new or enlarged nodules in the lymph node in the neck. There were no new and enlarging nodules on the lymph vein in the chest. There may be a stable hemangioma in the vertebral body of T8. There appears to be no new evidence of new or larger nodules. There has been no new growth of the aortic artery calcifications. There have been no other new or new growths in the other parts of the body. There seems to be a lack of new growth in the heart and the vessels. There appear to be some new or increased growths of the heart. There appeared to be little or no new swelling of the vessels in the aortal arteries. There seemed to be normal size of the arteries in the vessels and the aorts. There did not appear to have been any new growth on the aventilator. There seem to be similar size of lymph nodes in the axillary, mediastinal, and hilar lymph nodes that are grossly similar to prior. There does not appear any new enlargement of the other lymph nodes or the lymph vessels.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is increased prominence of a spiculated lesion in the left lower lobe of the lung, series 5 image 226. There are multiple other groundglass pulmonary nodules measuring up to 0.8 cm, for instance in the right lower lobe, series 234. There is some lingular atelectasis. The airways are patent. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Pul pulmonary artery measures 4.0 mm, which can be shown in pulmonary artery hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up-to-1.1 cm, grossly similar to prior. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Increased prominence of lytic lesions in the spine with cortical breakthrough on series 5 images 458, among other sites the spine. Unclear to differentiate between degenerative changes, but a few of these lesions are suspicious.
The results of this review are current to January 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. No thorax adenopathy. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathies. No abnormal growths of the axillary and subpectorial adenopathic tissue. No adenocarcinopathy of the mammary gland. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax. No major bone lesions were found.
We found that there are multiple new metastatic lesions in lung and airways, a few measuring up to 1.0 cm, and a few with dense calcifications of the heart. There is a small amount of blood in the lungs and a small number of new metastases in both lungs. There are no new metastasies in the heart or lungs. The airways are patent. There was no evidence of pleural effusions. There were no new lymph nodes in the neck or lymph nodes. There may be a small blood clot in the T8 vertebral body that extends into the spinal canal and causing mild stenosis of the central canal. The left atrium is stably enlarged. There has been no evidence that the heart is enlarged. The heart and vessels are stable. There have been a few new metastasis lesions in the liver and lungs. We found no new liver metastases. There could be a large blood clot on the T3 vertebral bodies. There might be a blood clot that extends to the T4 vertebral system. There appears to be a likely hemangioma in the vertebral cavity. There will be no new meningioma. There seems to be no evidence for new metastacies in the left lung. There should be no more metastases or new lymph node growth. There remains a small but stable amount of fluid in the thyroid gland. There does not appear to be any new metastats in the right lung. The aortic vessels are normal. There can be no additional evidence of new heart or heart vessels. There must be no further metastases of the aorta. There needs to be more information on the heart and the vessels.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The CT scan showed that the following were found:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is stable scarring in the right middle lobe. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Medial adenopathies: No new adenopathic adenocarcinopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Upper abdominal cavity: No adenochromatosis. Upper abdomen: Cholesoleliths.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Stable 6 mm right upper lobe nodule (4:79) and 5 mm right lower lobe nodules (4.162) are stable. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: Status post right nephrectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Biopsy clip in the left breast. Right axillary biopsy clip.
The results of the postoperative examination of the lungs and airways of the patient were compared with the results of a chest X-ray. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results of interest are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are moderate pleural effusions, greater on left. There is a small pericardial effusion. There are no signs of a pulmonary embolism. There was no evidence of a large blood clot in the chest. There were no signs that the heart or vessels were damaged. There may be a small amount of fluid in the pericardiadrum (the area of the heart where the heart beats). There is no evidence that the peri-pericardium (the part of the chest where the blood flows out of the body) is damaged. The heart and vessels appear to be normal. There has been no evidence to suggest that the sternotomy was successful. There have been no signs to suggest a major adverse effects of the operation.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the results of a comprehensive search of the medical literature up to May 2016 and the results are current to May 2017. The results of this review are current as of March 2016.
This review includes information from the medical literature up to May 2017. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Post radiation changes in the left upper lobe. There are surrounding tree-in-bud opacities in the lungs consistent with airways disease. There is a small left pleural effusion. There were no new lesions in the right upper lobe and lingula. There was no new evidence of a new lung in the shoulder. There may be a new left upper lung nodule in the middle of the shoulder but no new lung. There has been no new growth in the lower lobe of the left lower lobe. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Aorta and aortic valve calcifications. A small amount of calcification in the aorta. The aortas appear to be normal. The lungs and the heart chambers are not affected by the radiation. The body of the heart and the vessels appear to have normal size and shape. The neck and the aortal vessels appear normal. There appears to be no new abnormal growth in either the arial cavity or the aventricular vessels. The breast tissue is not affected. The breasts are not damaged. The abdominal cavity is not damaged and the abdominal cavity appears to have no new calcifications or new growth. The chest cavity is still not damaged, but the heart is not fully healed.
This review includes a detailed examination of the lungs, heart, lungs, and vessels of the heart and vessels. The results show that the lungs and lungs are normal. The airways are patent. The lungs are not affected by pleural effusion. The heart and the vessels are normal and the aorta is normal. There is no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. The upper abdomen and the lower abdomen are not damaged. The lower abdomen and lower abdomen have no aggressive bone damage.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airway: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is a small amount of evidence of a small number of small, small, and stable nodules (for example right lower lobe 3:299) in the right upper lobe. Mild decrease in right upper lung consolidation in an area of prior fungal pneumonia. Right lower lobe consolidation has decreased since prior exam consistent with healing. Previously noted left upper lobe 1 cm nodule has resolved. Stable left upper and right lower lobes (for instance right upper and left lower lobe) have stable nodles (for examples right upper lobes 3:62, 120; right lower lung 3:274; left upper lobe 3:65, 95; left lower lung, 191). No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a small hole in the heart). Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Old left anterior fourth rib fracture.
This review of the results from the results of the original study found no new enlargements or pulmonary nodules. However, the lungs/airways/pleura were affected by mucous plugging with atelectasis. Lateral right middle lobe mucous plugged with associated at electasis. Bibasilar atelectiasis, left greater than right. Larger atelectases in the left lower lobe paravertebral scar. Ligaments in the upper and lower lungs were not affected. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels were normal. The aorta and the aortic vessels were not damaged. The left hemidiaphragm was elevated. The right lower lobe of the left lung was calcified granuloma. The thyroid gland was not affected by any new enlargement or enlargement. The liver was not damaged or enlarged. No new enlargments or pulmonary nodsules were found. The lungs were affected but not by any other major complications. The body was not infected with any new cancer. The blood vessels were well-preserved. The results of a new study of the heart and the vessels were similar.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the following are the results from a comprehensive search of the medical record. We also found that there is a 1.3 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (3:34) that has been present since 2010. An additional right upper lung (3.2 cm) that is present since at least 2010 is more conspicuous on this exam. There is no associated solid component on mediastinal windows (3):120. There are no new nodules in the right lung (6 mm, 3:138; 6 mm, 4:154; 4 mm 3:146). Nodules are also noted in the left lung (4 mm, 2:330; 3 mm,3:227; left upper lobe 3 mm). Additional stable micronodules (1-2 mm) are noted in both lungs (1:2 mm). No new nodule is found in the upper lung. No new pleura (pleura is the area of the airway where the air comes out of the body) is found. No pleura is found on the right side of the neck (3-4 mm). There is a small but stable subpleural (sub-head) groundglass (3 mm) that may be related to prior surgery (3). No pleural effusion (fluid in the airways) is noted. No other adenopathy (adenopathy) is seen in the neck. No adenopathies (adenos) are seen in any of the other parts of the thoracic adenocarcae (the area of bone around the neck where the blood flows through the body). The thyroid gland (thyroid) is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecyst
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and the heart and vessels of the heart were compared with the results of a CT scan (with a single scan of both the lungs) of the abdomen. The CT scan showed that the lungs were stable and the lungs had no atelectasis. The heart and the vessels were normal. The abdominal organs were normal, but the heart chambers were not large enough to allow for a clear view. The lungs were not affected by the atelectases. The central airways were not damaged. The lymph nodes were stable. The lung nodule was stable and there was no evidence of atelectasia at the base of the lung. The other organs were not disturbed. The results of this scan were similar to the results from the CT scans of the abdominal organs. The findings of the scan of abdominal organs and the abdominal tissues were similar.
The results of this review are current to May 2021. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2021 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules since the last remote exam of November 2020. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable scattered sub-5 mm nodules. No major changes in the number of nodules or size of nodule. Heart: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Aortic valve calcifications are normal. Upper abdominal cavity: No new, large or large bone lesions. No aggressive bone fractures. Old healed left-sided rib fractures. Mediastinum: No thoracic adenopathy. Atrophic thyroid. Medial vessels: No adenopathies. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: Heart, vessels and aortal arteries are normal in shape. A coronary artery calcifications and a coronary artery valve calcification are normal and avalon (a valve) calcifications normal. Lower abdominal cavity and upper abdomen: No aggressive bones or adenopathic abnormalities. Osseous structures: No active bone lesions or adenos.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes information from the medical literature. The results of this review are current to May 2016 and are up todate as of March 2016.
This review of the results from the EKG of the chest and abdomen of a man with a heart attack found that he had no evidence of heart attack. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The findings of this study are up to date as of January 2017 and are up-to-date as of February 2017.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Chest: A 2 mm nodule along the left major fissure is unchanged (image 268, series 4), likely an intraparenchymal node. There is no new pulmonary nodule. A calcified granuloma is again noted in the right lower lobe. There are no new lymphangioleiomyomatosis (lungsangio-like lesions) in the left lung. There was no new evidence of lymphangiosarcoma (lymphangiolysis) in this area. There were no new signs of lymphadenopathy in the heart. There may be a new lymph node in the upper lung. The heart size is normal. There has been no evidence of pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the pericordial artery). Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. There have been no new findings. There had been no aggressive lymphangioplasty (liverangio leiomyopathy) in either lung. Multiple left thyroid nodules are unchanged, measuring up to 1.8 cm. There will be no new indications of lymphagenioleo-leiomatopathy in this region. There should be no evidence for lymphangiolangioeiomyo-lungangioes in the lower lung.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable sub 4-mm nodules, including a 3 mm nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland, are stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No significant coronary artery calcifications. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Subcentimeter nodule of thyroid gland is stable dating back to at least 2015. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No major coronary artery calcium calcifications or other calcifications were found. Upper Abdomen: Unchanged left renal cyst with punctate calcification. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the results from the EKG of the chest wall of the patient with a heart attack found that the heart was normal and the lungs were normal. The results of the EkgG showed a thickening of the wall of lung and airway and a thickened wall of esophagus. There was no evidence of any new or enlarging of the lung nodules or of abnormal growths. There were no new or worsening of the existing nodules. There is no evidence that the lung wall is damaged. There are no new signs of adenopathy in the lymph nodes. There may be some evidence of a thickening of lymph nodes in the neck and the lymph vessels. There has been no evidence for adenopathies in the liver or the kidneys. There have been some signs of a thinning of the thyroid gland. There appears to be little or no evidence to suggest that the thyroid is damaged or that the aortic artery calcifications are abnormal.
This review of the results is up to date as of May 2021. The results of this review are current to May 2021 and are current up to the date of this update. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:159). No new or enlarging nodules. No new and enlarging of the nodules have been found. The appearance of the lungs is stable since May 2021, but the appearance of pulmonary vessels is not stable. The condition of the upper lungs is not different from the previous review. The examination of the lower lungs showed a small increase in the number of pleural effusion (diffusion in the airway) and a small decrease in the size of the aortic vein (aortic calcifications). The examination showed no new or worsening of the condition of aorta (a vessel in the heart). The aortas are normal in size. The aortal vessels are not dilated. The heart and vessels are normal. The body of the heart and the vessels are stable. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The vessels are of good size.
The results of the CT scan of the neck and upper chest wall were not sufficient to determine whether there were any suspicious or harmful effects. The neck was not affected by the disease. The examination of the heart showed no evidence of a blockage of the coronary arteries. The heart was normal in size. The great vessels were normal in caliber. The visualized neck is unremarkable. The thyroid gland was not damaged. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent although evaluation of the internal jugular veins is limited. There is a small, small, single nodule along the left major fissure in the neck that is likely an intrapulmonary lymph node. There are no suspicious nodules or masses. There was a small but significant vein in the left braciosaraclavicular vein. There were no other abnormal findings. The results of CT scan were not enough to determine if there were harmful effects of the disease in the upper chest. The CT scan was not enough information to determine the extent of the adverse effects.
The patient is in a stable condition and is receiving medical care. The patient is receiving a chest tube for the tracheostomy. The tracheotomy was successful and the tube is in place. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.8 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The heart and vessels are also enlarged. The lungs are stable and the heart and vessel are stable. The body is stable and stable. There is worsening bibasilar atelectasis/consolidation and diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, new from prior and is likely inflammatory in nature. The left upper lobe of the upper lobe is worse than the right upper lobe. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The other organs are stable, but the heart is not stable. No pleural effusions. The major pulmonary artery (main pulmonary artery) is large and may be enlarged. There are no signs of a heart attack. There was no evidence of a blood clot in the main pulmonary vessel. The liver and kidneys are stable with no signs or signs of an infection. The lung and heart are stable but the main vein is enlarged. No signs of blood clot. The upper and lower abdomen are stable as well. The thorax is stable.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A few scattered micronodules appear new, for example in the left upper lobe (series 5, image 121) and right lower lobe (Series 5, series 5, images 277 and 342). The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion or consolidate. Heart and Vessels: Left-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary calcifications. The aorta: Normal course and caliber of the aortas. No arterial calcifications or pericordial effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes (lungs, heart, and lymph nodes) are stable, with a small increase in size in the para-aortic lymph nodes. Two lymph nodes in the distal paraesophageal lymph nodes are stable. Stable 1.9 cm exophytic right thyroid nodule in the thymic bed, likely representative of thymal hyperplasia. St stable 1.2 cm ex-thyroid nodule on the right thyroid (thymic nodule) in the middle of the thrombosis (thrombectomy) bed, probably representative of hyperplasticity. Ststable sclerotic foci in the right fourth and sixth lateral ribs. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung is again seen with radiation changes to the left upper and middle lobes, with accompanying volume loss of the left lung. The left basilar gas containing collection, is again measured in the left basilium, measuring up to approximately 6.5 cm. Additionally, left basulae are unchanged. There is improvement in previously seen right lower lobe groundglass opacities. There are no aggressive bone or muscle lesions. There was no evidence of a large hernia in the heart. There were no signs of a hernia or pericardial effusion. There has been no evidence that the heart was damaged. There have been no signs that the aortic vessels were damaged. The heart is normal in size. There appears to be no evidence to suggest that the vessel in the aortal artery is damaged. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in shape. The ascending aorta is ectatic, with a small hernia. There may be a small pericordial hernia, but no evidence for a herniation. There will be a large amount of blood in the vessels. There could be a herniated heart valve in the ascending aortal aort. There might be a minor hernia of the arial vessel in this area. There would be no signs to suggest a hernis. There should be no significant damage to the heart or vessels. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abbdomen are normal. There does not appear to be any aggressive bone lesions. Lower Abdomens: There is no evidence in the upper abdomen. There seems to be a lack of aggressive bone damage. There appear to not to be aggressive bone and muscle lesions in the lower abdomen.
This review of the results from the results of the original study found that the lungs and airways were stable after surgery. The lungs were unchanged in size and the lungs were not affected by any new or enlarging of the nodules. The heart and vessels were normal size and there was no evidence of any new abnormal growth. The abdominal organs were normal. The liver and kidneys were normal and the liver and kidney were normal in size. The thyroid gland was normal and there were no new or enlarged nodules in the thyroid gland. The lung and heart were normal, and the heart was normal. There was no new abnormal enlargement of the aortic aorta. The lymph nodes were normal with no new adenopathy. The body was normal in the other organs. The results of this review are current to November 2018.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes a total of 12 studies with a total number of 5,865 participants. The results are current to May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Peripheral reticulations in the anterior right upper lobe and right middle lobe consistent with prior radiation therapy to the right breast. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracics. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic bony metastatic lesions similar in distribution compared to the prior study. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathies by CT size criteria. No thorax adenopathic changes of the right mammary tissue. No other major adverse events were reported.
This review of the results is up to date as of the latest available information. The results are current to January 2017. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung nodules are not found. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No air fluid collections in the mediastinum to suggest a leak. No paraesophageal nodules or adenopathy within the thorax by CT size criteria. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules (thyroid nodules) are not seen. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are not shown. Segmental atelectasis in the lung bases is likely related to aspiration. No adenopathies within the lung. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorAC spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review includes information from the medical literature up to May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema. Scattered bilateral sub-6 mm parenchymal lung nodules, for example 4.5 mm anterior right upper lobe nodule (5/153) and 5 mm right lower lobe nodules (5.433) in addition to multiple pleural tags, such as 6.5mm pleural-based nodule in the middle lobe (5). 6 mm short axis right subpleural nodule, may represent a granuloma or less likely a lymph node. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Diffuse mediastinal, bilateral axillary, inter and subpectoral lymphadenopathy: bilateral internal mammary and cardiophrenic lymph nodes, the largest in the right axilla measuring 1.8 cm. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild dilatation of descending aorta to 3.7 cm. Mild aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T8 vertebral bodies. Multilevel vertebral body hemangiomas. Scattering calcified granulomas are noted.
This review of the results from the original study was updated in April 2016. The results are current to April 2016 and include the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 4 mm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 318. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Normal thyroid. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This is a summary of the results of the imaging of the thoracic spine. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The review includes four images:. The main results are current up to January 2016. The images show that the following are current. The following are the results from the same set of images. The scans show that there is no evidence of adenopathy in the thorax. The lungs are clear. The airways are clear and the lungs are normal. The heart and vessels are normal and the aorta is normal. There is no sign of adenaopathy in either lung. The thyroid gland is normal and there is a small amount of thyroid nodule in the thyroid gland. The kidney gland is also normal and has no signs of adaenopathy. The kidneys are normal with no signs or signs of calcification. The liver and kidneys are also normal. No signs of aortic adenopathies. The body is normal in the heart and the vessels. The aortas are normal size and the heart is normal size. The arteries and vessels have normal course and the arteries and veins are normal in size.
This review of the results from the CT scan of the lungs and the lungs of the heart and the heart of the aorta shows that the lungs are normal. The heart and aortic vessels are normal size. The aortas are normal in size. There is no new or enlarging of the pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion (pneumothorax) or pleura (pleural obstruction). The airways are clear. The lymph nodes are normal and no new adenopathy (adenopathy) of the lymph nodes. The thyroid is normal and the thyroid is small. The liver is normal. There are a few calcified granulomas in the thyroid. The kidney is normal but not large. The arteries and veins are normal but the aortal arteries are large and the aprotas are large. There were no new and enlarging pulmonary nodles. The thoracic aortae are normal, but the heart is large and has aortal calcifications. The veins are large but not massive. The lungs are not large and there are no new lung nodules or pleural obstruction. The blood vessels are not big enough to cause aortitis. The kidneys are normal with no new nodules in the apertures. The brain is normal with normal size and the arteries are normal to normal.
This review of the results from a randomised controlled trial found that the right lung and the right upper lobe of the right lungs have not changed in appearance or function. The previous 7.5 mm right lower lobe nodule adjacent to right major fissures is decreased to 4 mm (5/340) on current study (5). The right upper lung (5) has a new irregular shaped nodule (5), which is new from prior. The airways are patent. The right lung (2) has no new pleural effusions. The left lung (1) is not affected. The middle lobe (1), which has a calcified nodule, is not changed. The upper lobe (2), which had a calcification of the middle lobe, is new. The heart (1): Mild left atrial predominant cardiomegaly (a calcification along the aorta) and calcified plaques along the heart (valvular leaflets) are reported separately. The other major vessels (heart, heart and vessels): Mild atrial and aortic calcifications and plaques. The aortas (heart and vessels) are not affected in this study. The blood vessels (aortic vessels) have not shown any new adenopathy. The body (heart) has not shown a new adenharm. The lungs (pleura) have no adenopathies. The thyroid gland (thyroid) has been found. The liver (thyro) has shown no new adenyas. No new adenosine adenopathic adenocarcinopathia. The brain (thoracic adenitis) has also not been found in this review. The bone (s) have been found to be stable. The bones (s): No new abnormal bone lesions. The soft tissues (s: bone, muscle, and muscle) have remained unchanged and the body (bodies) have shown no
The results of the review are current to January 2019. The results of this review are up to date as of January 2019 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is a mild thickening of the bronchial wall, particularly in the right lung. There are no signs of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. There was no evidence of a large aneurysm in the aortic aneuris. There were no signs that the heart was damaged. There may be a small amount of blood in the liver, but no evidence that the liver was damaged or that the aortal artery was enlarged. There has been no evidence to suggest that the thyroid gland was damaged, but the visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The liver is enlarged, and there is a small aneurism in the pulmonary artery. There appears to be no evidence for a large aorta. There have been no signs to suggest a large blood clot in the heart. There seems to be a slight increase in the amount of fluid in the blood in both lungs. There does not appear to be any evidence of any abnormal swelling of the heart or the vessels. There should be no signs for a significant blood clot or aneurise in the coronary arteries. There must be no abnormal swelling in the lungs or the arteries. The heart and vessels are normal. The aortas are not affected. The blood vessels are not damaged. The lungs are not enlarged. The aneuriesm is not affected, but there is some evidence of an aortal calcification in the artery. The abdominal wall is not damaged, and the liver is not enlarged, but has a small aortical aneury. There could be a large amount of liquid in the abdominal wall. There might be a little blood in one of the arteries, but not enough to be harmful.
The results of this review are current to May 2018. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2018 and the results are current up to May 2019. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is dependent atelectasis. The airways are patent. The lung is a normal variant. The lungs are not affected by the disease. The pleura (pleura) is a small nodule in the middle of the lung. The right lung is also normal. The heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications. There is a minor hernia in the hiatal hernia. The liver is normal. There was no evidence of a liver cyst. The left liver is also healthy. The lymph nodes: No evidence of lymph nodes. The body is not affected. The upper liver is not damaged. The lower liver is healthy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The results of the study were compared with the results of a previous study. The results of this study were similar to the results from the prior study. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new or enlarged lung nodules were found in the right lung. The nodularity along the right bronchial stump is unchanged compared to the prior. No pneumothorax was found. The right lung was not affected. The left lung was also not affected, but the right side of the lungs were not affected by the surgery. The heart and vessels were normal size. The aorta was normal size and the aortic vessels were of normal size, but there were no abnormal calcifications of the coronary arteries or aortas. The thoracic aortae were normal. The liver and kidneys were normal and the liver and kidney were normal, but no abnormal growths were found. There was no evidence of a difference in size of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland was normal. There is no new evidence of adenopathy in the thyroid. The lymph nodes were normal in the thoracics. The lung was normal and there was no new adenopathies in the lymph nodes. The lungs were normal with no new consolidations of the lung nodule. The blood vessels were not damaged. The body was normal in all areas. The abdominal organs were normal to the level of the diaphragm.
This review of the results from the EKG and CT scan of the lungs and lungs of a patient with pneumonia. The results show that the lungs are in good condition. There is some evidence of a patchy consolidation of the upper lung and a small number of small nodular (or tree-in-bud) opacities in the inferior left lower lobe with air bronchograms, in keeping with pneumonia, but no evidence of pneumonia. There are no cavitation or pneumothorax (pneumothoracic) symptoms. The heart appears normal in size. There was no evidence that the heart had a pericardial (heart) effusion. The aorta (a vessel in the heart) was not affected. The body's organs were not affected by the disease. The examination of the body's other organs showed no evidence for infection. The findings of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is severe centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema throughout both lungs. There is a small number of small, irregular nodules in the upper and lower lungs. The tracheostomy tube tip terminates in the trachea and mainstem airways. There are scattered subcentimeter pulmonary nodules measuring 5 mm in the left upper lobe; a 4 mm subsolid nodule (series 4, image 237). The trachoma tube tip ends in a small, narrow, and narrow tube in the lower thoracic trach. There may be a small amount of fine fibrosis in the airways of the upper lungs. This may be due to fine fibroids. There was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The main vein in the aorta of the heart is dilated, which can be seen ascending of pulmonary hypertension. The aortic aortas are also dilated. The heart is normal in size. The other vessels of the aortal artery are also normal. The upper abdominal wall is not affected. The lower abdominal wall has a small hernia. There were no signs of a hernia in the abdominal wall. The body is still in good condition. The examination of the lower abdominal walls showed no signs that the aorts were damaged. The abdominal wall was not affected by the apertures. The thoracics of the lungs were not affected, but the aways were not. The results of this review are current to January 2016.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Clear lungs. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left axillary nodes measure up to 1.0 cm but have a normal fatty hilum suggesting benign etiology. No additional enlarged nodes. Heart and Vessels: Question mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricular enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. No coronary artery or aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This review includes a comprehensive scan of the tracheobronchial tree, which is a tree of the lungs and the airways. The tracheo-pulmonary tree is a branch of the tree that forms the trachoma (the tree of life). The tree is made up of a tree with a number of branches. The tree grows in a straight line from the top of the trunk to the bottom of it. The branches are made up from the tracings of the airway. The trunk of the trees is made of a thin layer of the blood vessels that run through the trachycephalic tree. The roots of the branches are covered by a thin film of blood. The branch of this tree is called the trachera (tracheo) tree. This tree is the trichordic tree of death. The main trachea is made from the trunk of this tracheal tree. It is a thin strip of blood that runs through the trunk and forms a thin line that runs down the trchy surface of the lung. The root of the branch is made out of the upper tracheae. The other tracheas are made of the same material. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is no evidence of any new or enlarging tracheodactyly. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There are no new and enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was no evidence that the heart or vessels were affected by the disease. There were no new or enlarged pulmonary nodule or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There may be a small blood vessels in the heart. There has been no evidence to suggest that the arteries of the heart were affected. There have been no new pulmonary or pulmonary edema. The blood vessels are not affected.
This review includes a detailed description of the following:. Larger lung function: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent, with a small number of subcentimeter nodes with subcarinal nodes. The main symptoms of ILD are chronic fibrotic interstitial lung disease marked by subpleural reticulations, traction bronchiectasis, honeycombing and honeycoming with a subpleurals and basilar and basilical distribution. Mild groundglass opacities are seen, for example left lower lobe 3:357. Scattered pulmonary nodule are noted (for example 3 mm left upper lobe 3):117). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased number of lymph nodes with a number of small subcentimeters (subcarinal node) with subparimal nodes measuring up to 13 mm. This can be seen as a feature of IBD. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Severe coronary artery calcifications. Aortic and aortic valve calcifications are not seen. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires in good alignment.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the results of a comprehensive search of the medical literature. The results of this review are current to May 2016 and are up todate as of March 2016.
This review of the results from the EKG of the tracheobronchial tree and the pleura shows that the trachoma is not affected by the disease. The tracheo-airway system is not damaged. The heart and vessels are not affected. The lungs are not damaged, but the heart and vessel system are not well-developed. The pleura is not well developed. The upper lungs are thickened and the upper airway is not fully functioning. The blood pool is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. The body is still not well enough to allow the blood to reach the heart.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes results from a comprehensive search of the medical literature. The results are current to May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The results of this review are current up to May 2015. The main results are as follows: Lung: The right lung is stable and the right perihilar (upper lobe) is stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion. Underlying upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Improved bronchial impaction at the right lung base. Chronic right pleural thickening. No pericardial effusion (fluid in the aorta). Coronary artery calcifications and aortic calcifications. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Coronaries and vessels: The aortas appear normal. Coronal artery and aortal calcifications are normal. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abdoms: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This review includes a detailed description of the CT scan of lung, heart, liver, liver and kidney. The results are current to May 2016. The CT scan showed that the tracheobronchial tree is patent. The tracheo-pleura (the tree that surrounds the lungs) is not affected. The lungs are not affected by any of the other major complications. The lung wall is thickening and the lower lobes of the trach are scarred. The upper lobe of the lung is not damaged. The lower lobe of this lobe is not scarred and the upper lobe is intact. The liver is not infected. The heart is normal in size. The aorta (a large vessel in the heart) is normal. The thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid is unremarkable. The gallbladder is normal, but the gallbladders are not well-developed. The stomach is normal with no evidence of a large or large number of large or small blood vessels. The abdomen is normal but the liver is normal (except for the liver). The liver and heart are not infected and the aortas are normal. There is no evidence that the liver or heart are affected by the other organs. The kidney and the liver are not damaged and the heart is not in distress. The appendix is normal except for the thyroid gland. The kidneys are normal and no evidence for a large number or large numbers of blood vessels is found. The other organs are not in danger of infection.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes the results from a single CT scan of the lungs and chest. The scan showed that the lungs were normal. There were no signs of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. There was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a small hernia in the neck of the neck. There are no signs that the heart or the vessels are damaged. There may be some evidence of a small blood clot in the aorta of the aortal artery. There appears to be no evidence that the aureate arteries are damaged or that the arteries are blocked. There does not appear to be any evidence of any abnormal blood vessels or vessels in the heart. There seems to be some small blood vessels in both the heart and the vessels of the heart, but these are not abnormal. There appear to have been no signs or evidence of abnormal blood vessel or vessel damage in the lungs. There has been no evidence to suggest that the lymph nodes in the chest are damaged, but there is some evidence that they may be blocked.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to July 2019. The review includes the results from the following scans: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: 7 mm left upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 214 has increased from 4 mm on the study from July 2021 and is new going back to the study in 2017. New 3 mm pulmonary nodules in the left upper lung in series 187. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulvic artery is regular size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. No thorachis adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review is based on a systematic review of the available data from a single study. The results are current to May 2016. The review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is difficult to measure due to adjacent atelectasis, in series 3 image 379 for example. Other scattered pulmonary nodules including a 4 mm right middle lobe nodule in image 239 are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracics. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of the results from the results of the original study found that the results were consistent with the findings of the previous study. There were no new findings. The results of this review are current to January 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Similar masslike consolidation opacities within the right upper lobe with associated bronchiectasis, consistent with previously seen pulmonary neoplasm. Interval worsening of diffuse consolidation and groundglass opacity throughout the lung. There are a few scattered groundglass nodules in the left lower lobe which appear similar compared to prior examination. An index nodule in the lower lobe measures 7 mm (series 2., Image 27), not significantly changed in size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval development of subcentimeter lymphadenopathies, increased in number compared to previous. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal in shape and size. The right-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis, otherwise unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the results from the results of a randomized controlled trial found no evidence of abnormal lung function or swelling of the lungs. However, the study did find evidence of calcification of the right pulmonary artery (pulmonary artery) in multiple segments of the pulmonary artery. The results of this study were not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries. The study did not find evidence that the heart or vessels were affected. The thyroid gland is nodular. The heart and vessels were not affected. No new or enlarging lung nodules were seen. The airways were not blocked. No pleural effusions were noted. The blood vessels were normal. The body was not affected by any of the other adverse events. The findings were not sufficient to determine whether the heart and the vessels were damaged.
This is a comprehensive review of the results of the study. The results of this review are current to January 2019. The review includes a total of 200 images. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Innumerable stable 4 mm pulmonary nodules are seen, some in a tree-in-bud pattern, for instance in the left lower lobe on series 3, image 200. Nodules are unchanged compared to 1/11/2019. There is mild bibasilar air trapping on expiratory view. Bibasilar atelectasis is seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the vessels). There is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the results from the same study from September 2017 shows that the lungs and airways of patients with advanced lung disease are still showing signs of disease. However, the results are unchanged compared to the study from 2017. The results from this study are based on a single study. The findings of this study were similar to those from the previous study. There is no evidence of a difference in the size of the aorta (the main artery of the heart) or the aortal (the vessel that carries the blood to the heart). The results of this review show that the heart and vessels of the thoracic spine are normal. The lungs are still growing and the lungs are not showing signs or signs of damage. The liver and kidneys are still healthy. The heart and the vessels of this spine are still normal.
The results of the review show that the following are current. The results are current to May 2016. The review includes:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube in satisfactory position. Two left chest tubes terminate at the apex. The transesophageal tube terminates in the upper portion of the stomach. There is a small persistent leak with air tracking from the esophagus to the mediastinum (5:357). Small hiatus hernia. No drainable collection or abscess is noted. No significant amount of air to suggest necrotizing infection. Subcutaneous emphysema in the right lateral chest wall is related to the indwelling chest tube. No major complications were noted. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery, aortic and aortical valve calcifications. The aorta is normal. The heart is not large enough to cause aortitis. The other vessels are normal.
This review of the results from the imaging of the thorax and upper abdominal organs shows that the lung and airways are stable and that the lungs and airway are still intact. The lungs and the airway have not changed significantly since the last time we looked at them. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aorta is normal size. The abdominal organs are normal. The thoracic spine is normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. The lung and the heart are normal and the vessels are not affected. The abdomen is normal and no new or enlarged lymph nodes have been identified. The sternotomy of the sternotomy was successful. The breast implants are still in place.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and the chest wall were compared with the results of a CT scan performed on the same day. The results of this scan showed that the left upper lobe of the lung was slightly enlarged. There was no evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. There were no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a small amount of evidence of a small enlargement of the lymph nodes in the left lower lobe of this lung. There are no signs that the heart is in danger of failing. There may be a small increase of the heart and vessels in the arteries of the coronary arteries. There has not been enough information to determine if there is any evidence of an increased risk for heart failure.
This review of the results from the review of images from September 2016 shows that the lungs and airways of the patient were similar in size and shape. The lungs and the airways were not affected by the surgery. The lung and airway were not damaged. The heart and vessels were normal. The liver and lymph nodes were normal and the heart and vessel size were normal, but the liver and vessel were not enlarged. The kidney was normal and had no new or enlarging nodules. The abdominal organs were normal with no new nodules or enlargements. The remaining abdominal organs had no aggressive bone lesions. The results of this review are current to September 2016. The review shows that there were no new, enlarging or new or new nodule or enlargement of the lung or the airway. There were no changes in the heart or the vessels. The examination of the heart showed that the heart was normal size and the vessels were of normal size. The aorta was normal. There was no new enlargement or new enlargements of the aortic vein. The other organs were similar. The body parts were normal to the previous surgery.
The results of the CT scan of the chest and heart showed no evidence of abnormal growths or abnormalities. The right and left lungs were normal. The left lung was not affected. The heart and vessels were normal and the right was not damaged. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable and the left thyroid gland had no abnormalities. There was no evidence that the left lung had any abnormal growth. The liver and kidneys were normal, and the liver and kidney were not affected, but the liver had a small amount of fluid in the blood vessels. The lungs were not damaged and the heart and the vessels were not disturbed. The chest wall was not disturbed and the lymph nodes were not abnormal. The neck was not abnormal and the thyroid gland did not have any abnormal swelling. The body was not in pain. The results of this review are current to January 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the following are the results from a comprehensive search of the medical record. The results are current to January 2017. The review includes:. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with four-chamber enlargement. Severe aortic valve calcifications. Lateral segment right middle lobe consolidation with surrounding ground glass opacities. Larger aorta with aortal calcification. Lumbar artery calcifications in the aortas. No pericardial effusion. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of secretions in the trachea. Small, right greater than left pleural effusions with adjacent passive atelectasis at the lung bases. Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Laryngodendrocyte (thyroid) nodes: Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Larynx (lungs): Larympia (larynx) and thyroid (larympium) are unremarkable with no evidence of adenopathies. Ligaments: Larymph nodes: Larger, right middle and left middle lobe of the thyroid are consolidated with surrounding surface atelectases. Largest, right and left atelectas are consolidated. Lying in the middle of the aortal artery, the aorts are not in the same place. Lighings: Lighing in the left atrium and the right atrium. Lifting the aarticular artery to the right is not done. Lift of the left aort and the aard is not performed. Laying in the right aort is not completed. Lining of the right and the left is not complete. Losing the aorthic valve is not reported. Lengthening of the heart and vessels: Ligings: Severe calcifications of the aneurysm
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and the heart and vessels were compared with those of the same examination performed on the same day. The results of this scan were compared to the previous CT scan. The primary lesion in the right upper lobe of the lung was unchanged, and the other lesions were unchanged. Scattered nodules at the apices bilaterally measuring up to 5 mm in size are unchanged compared to prior exam. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No lymph nodes were found in the neck or neck area. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and arteries were normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion. There were no calcifications of the coronary arteries. There are no calcification of the aorta. There is no evidence of aortic adenopathy. The great vessels were normal. There may be mild calcification in the arial cavity of the heart. There has been no evidence that the heart or the arteries were damaged. There have been no aggressive bone lesions. There had been no new or worsening of the existing lesions. The imaging of the abdomen was not sufficient to determine the extent of the cancer.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis, significantly increased compared to CT chest in 2017, best appreciated on coronal reformats (image 44 of series 900). The left pleura is also observed, best seen on corona reformats. Thickening of the mediastinal pleura (the lining of the lungs) is also seen, best observed on coronas (the inner lining of a lung). Stable 6.5 mm nodule adjacent to the right major fissure (4/242) is seen. A right upper lobe calcified granuloma is seen, with a right upper lung calcified. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels: The aorta (the main arteries of the heart) are normal in size. Severe coronary calcifications are seen. Normal course and caliber of the aortas. A left IJ dialysis catheter terminates in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: Status post Roux-en-Y gastric bypass. There are multiple abdominal vices. There is no aggressive bone lesions. Upper abdominal varices are not reported. Upper liver: No aggressive bone lesion. Upper abdomen is not reported in this review. Upper body is not shown in this study.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and the heart and vessels were compared with the results of a CT scan performed on the same day. The results of this review are current to January 2013. The main results were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable nodular pleural-based soft tissue density at the right lung base, presence of 2008. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There was no evidence of calcification of the arteries. There were no aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abdoms: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on same day for CT scan. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine's imaging system shows that the lungs and airways of the patient are in good condition. The results show that the lung and airway are in poor condition. There is evidence of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. There are also a few small, scattered pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe of the lung. There was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the heart and the vessels of vessels of heart and vessel of the aorta are normal size. The kidneys are normal. The liver and kidneys are also normal. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the thoracic spine. The body is in good shape.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the following are the results from a single image: Lungs and Pulmonary vessels: The heart and vessels are normal in size. There is a moderate large right pneumothorax with a large number of pleural effusions (diffuse airway obstruction) in the upper lungs. The lungs are also covered with a thick layer of fluid in the lower airways. There are no signs of a serious infection in the lungs. There was no evidence of a large blood clot in the heart or a blood clot on the aorta. The main pulmonary arteries are enlarged, with a 3.7 cm increase in the main aortic arteries. The ascending and descending aortas are also enlarged. The heart is normal in shape. The aortics are normal. The upper and lower lungs are normal, with no signs that the heart is in danger of failing. The lower lungs have a small amount of fluid. The left lung is also normal. There were no signs in the abdomen. The body is normal.
This review of the results from the review of a large study of the lungs and airways of patients with acute bronchiectasis, including aortic reticulations, is based on a single study. The results are current to May 2016.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are new cluster of peribronchial groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe and dependent left upper lobe (4/239). Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema is seen. There are mild dependent secretions within the superior trachea. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There is mild coronary calcification. There was no evidence of a pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the vessels). There is a small amount of blood in the heart and vessels. There were no signs of a heart attack. There may be a small blood clot in the vessels of the heart. There has been no evidence that the heart has been damaged. There have been no signs that the liver has been affected. There appears to be no evidence to show that the spleen has been enlarged. There seems to be a slight increase in the size of the spleens. There could be a minor increase in liver cirrhosis. There might be a little blood in both the liver and the sphenoid cyst. There should be no signs in the liver of a liver attack. The spleen is stably enlarged. The liver is not showing signs of liver damage. There appear to be some signs of an increase in spleen size. The heart and vessel size appears normal. There appeared to be little evidence of heart damage.
This review of the results from the CT scan of the lungs and airways of patients with chronic lung disease, found that the lung nodules were stable in size and were not affected by the treatment. There was no evidence of any adverse effects of the treatment on the lungs or the airways. There were no signs of adverse effects on the airway or pleura. There is a small number of calcified granulomas in both lungs and the air passages. There are no signs that the lungs are in danger of collapse. There may be some mild emphysema in both lung and airway. There appears to be no evidence that the heart and vessels of the heart are affected. There seems to be little or no difference in the size of the arteries of the chest and the vessels of heart. There appear to be some calcified calcified calcium deposits in the heart.
The results of the examination of the lungs and airways were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules measuring up to 7 mm in size. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new and enlarging lung nodules. No thorax adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Central line tip terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart is normal in size and the heart is not affected by any of the other major arteries. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild calcifications of the arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies.
This review includes the results of a comprehensive search of the literature up to May 2016. The review includes results from the following:. The results of this review are current to May 2017. The examination of the following areas of interest:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval mildly increased pleural effusions. Compressive atelectasis adjacent to pleural atelectases are again noted in the bilateral lower lobes. A new small pleural pleura has developed on the right side of the lungs, which is now known to be a hydropneumothorax. New left upper lobe peribronchial groundglass and consolidative opacities, concerning for aspiration/infection. The previous secretions in the right mainstem bronchus have cleared. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, such as 1 cm left paraaortic lymph node, likely reactive. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Cervicothoracic spinal fixation device, status post corpectomy.
This review of the results from the review of a chest scan of the chest wall of a patient with a heart attack. The results show that the heart appears to be normal. There is a small amount of fluid in the blood stream in the aortic vessels and a small number (1.0 cm) of calcifications in the heart. There are also a few small calcifications on the aortal surface of the heart and aortopulmonary nodules. There was no evidence of a large blood clot in the lungs. There were no signs of a blood clot on the lungs in the lung wall. There may be a small blood clot at the aventine (the opening of the lungs) and a blood vessel (the aorta) in the chest. There appears to have been a small increase in the number of aortas in the upper chest wall. The heart appears normal. The blood in the veins and arteries appears to not be affected. There has been no evidence that the blood in these vessels is affected by the blood clotting in the vein system.
This review includes a detailed description of the results of CT scans of the chest and abdomen. The results of the CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis were not available for the chest. The CT scan showed a large enlargement of the subpleural nodule in the left upper lobe of the left lung and a new and enlarging nodule on the left sternal surface. There is a stable or slightly decreased fluid collection in the right mastectomy bed measuring 3.7 x 1.0 cm, compared to 4.2 x 1 cm previously. There was no new or enlarging of the right sternal metastases. There were no new metastases in the heart or vessels. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There are no new and enlarged metastases on the sternal surfaces of the sternum. There may be a stable and stable soft tissue nodule extending posteriorly in the region of the confluence of the brachiocephalic veins measuring 2.9 x 1cm. There has been no new growth of the osseous metastases and no new osseus. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The imaging of the thyroid is not sufficient to determine whether the thyroid was affected by the cancer. The examination of the heart and the vessels was not sufficient.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and are current up to May 2017. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung and airway are examined in a single image. The lung is located in the upper lobe of the lung and the airway is in the lower lobe. The upper lobe is in a narrow space between the lungs and the upper airway. There is a small nod in the lung, but no evidence of a large nod. There are scattered calcified granulomas in the lungs. There was no evidence that the lung was affected by a large lung infection. There were no signs of a lung infection in the airways. There may be a small amount of fluid in the right mainstem bronchus. There appears to be no evidence for a large vein infection in this area. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There seems to be a slight calcification of the pericardial (heart) chambers. There appear to be some calcification in the periosteum. There does not appear to have been any aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesion.
This is a summary of the results of the MRI scan. The results of this review are current to January 2019. The scan was performed in the USA, UK, and Canada. The scans were performed in a total of five countries. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild emphysema (e.g. paraseptal emphysesma) is seen. There is a small left Bochdalek hernia and adjacent atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta (a vessel that carries blood to the heart) is normal. There are no aggressive bone lesions. There was no evidence of a large hernia in the right breast. There were no aggressive fractures in the left breast. The liver and liver vessels: There were stable hepatic cysts, measuring up to 2.8 cm in the liver. There may be a small hernia within the liver and a small atelectasia in the aortic vessels. There appears to be no evidence for a large bone fracture in the heart. The heart and vessels are normal. The body's organs are normal in shape. The abdominal organs are stable. The abdomen is normal in appearance. The brain is normal and the heart and the vessels are stable in size and shape. There seems to be a large amount of fluid in the abdomen.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. The results of this review are current to May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of large airway disease including profound centrilobular nodules without significant architectural distortion, most pronounced at the bilateral lower lobes. This appears to have progressed since the prior study. There is relative sparing of the upper lobes and subpleural regions. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the imaging of the thoracic spine. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes images of the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 3 mm right upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 152. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: Normal size. Nadular thyroid nodule with sub centimeter thyroid thyroid nodles. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine are routine.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and the heart and vessels were not reported. The heart and arteries were normal in size. There was no evidence of a blood clot in the heart or arteries. The great vessels were normal. The thyroid gland was not seen. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The examination of the lymph nodes was unremarkable, but the visualized lymph nodes were not seen in the visualised thyroid. The imaging of the liver and kidneys was unremarkable. The liver was not found to be affected. The kidney was not affected. There were no signs of a blockage in the liver. The lung and the lungs are normal. There is no evidence that the lungs or the lungs have been damaged. The lungs and lungs are not affected by any of the other conditions. The upper abdomen and pelvis were not affected, but there was no indication of a significant blockage. The abdominal cavity was not damaged. There are no signs that the abdomen or the pelvis have been affected.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and the heart and vessels were not conclusive. There is no evidence of a serious infection or pulmonary edema. There was no evidence that the heart or vessels were damaged. There were no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are no signs that the lungs or the heart were damaged, but there were no other signs of trauma. The heart and the vessels were normal in size. There may have been some evidence of an obstruction in the heart, but this was not definitively seen on prior exam. There appears to be no evidence to suggest that the aorta was damaged. The aortic artery was not damaged. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis was not conclusive, but the examination of both the abdomen (the abdomen and the pelvis) was not definitive. There appeared to be some evidence that a small amount of fluid was in the abdomen. There did not appear to be any evidence of any other abnormalities.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Status post right lower lobectomy and right middle lobe wedge resection with mediastinal and hilar lymphadenectomy. Stable 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:97). Stable right upper lob 8 mm nodule with 3 mm solid component of mediastinum (4.151). Additional scattered micronodules are stable. No new or enlarging nodules. Underlying centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia.
This review of the results from a randomised controlled trial found that the results were similar to those from a previous study. The results were updated in May 2017. The review found that there is increasing honeycombing in the upper lobe of the lung and a thick-walled cavity in the right upper lobe. There is also increased evidence of a thick, dense, and dense layer of fluid in the lower lobe of this lung. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.6 cm, and the main aortic artery is also enlarged measuring a little over 3.7 cm. The heart and vessels are also enlarged. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. The liver and kidneys are normal. The thyroid gland has a small, but stable, hypodermic needle. The brain is normal. There are no signs of a serious adverse effects. The body is normal in the other organs. The study did not find any evidence of any harmful effects of the treatment.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the left upper lobe groundglass nodule has increased in size and density, now measures 1.5 cm, previously up to 1.0 cm (4:133). There is no solid component on mediastinal windows. Additional scattered nodules are stable (for example right lower lobe 4:339 and left upper lobes 4:108). The left lower lobe sleeve resection with scarring in the left lower and lingula. The left upper and right lower lobes are stable. The right lower and left lower lobe are stable and the right upper lobe is stable. There is a small amount of scarring on the left and right upper lobe. The thyroid is stable and there is no evidence of a solid component in the thyroid. The heart and vessels: Dense calcifications in the aortic vessels. No pericardial effusion. No pleural or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The chest wall I CD leads terminate in the right atrium and right ventricle. The body is in good condition. The examination of the upper and lower breasts showed no aggressive bone lesions. The breast tissue is in a good condition and the breast tissue in the lower breasts is in poor condition.
This is a summary of the results of the review of results from the medical literature. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobranchial trees are patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scarring in the medial segment of the right lower lobe. Stable scattered perifissural nodules which likely represent benign lymph nodes (3:229 and 258). No new and enlarging lymph nodes or suspicious density. No pericardial effusion. No pulmonary effusion, pleural or pneumoderm effusion and pleural adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies. Heart: Aortic enlargement, aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcifications. Aorta measures 39 mm. Arial, coronary and aortal calcification. A coronary artery, arial and dense annular annular calcium deposits. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Hepatic hypodensities too small. Punctate nonobstructing left renal calculus. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Old healed right fifth rib fracture. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Left atrium enlargement. Avalon enlargements and a ruptured atrial valve. A small hernia (a hole in the heart). Aortical, coronary, aortal and apertural calcifications (aortic and arial). Upper AbDOMS: No new, enlarging or suspicious lymph nodes. Hepatitis A: No abnormal lymph nodes, no new or enlarged lymph nodes and no new and suspicious density.
This review of the results from the review of a study of patients with acute bronchopulmonary fibrosis found that the lung was not affected by the procedure. The results were updated in August 2019. The review also found that there was no evidence of a difference in the size of the mass in the lower lobe of the lung. There was no difference in size of lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the upper lobe of lung. The heart was not damaged. The lungs were not affected. The upper and lower limbs were not damaged, but the heart was affected. There were no signs of a large or large lymph node in the heart. The examination of the upper and upper limbs showed no evidence that the heart had been damaged. There is a small calcification in the mass which abuts the esophagus. There are no signs that the upper limb of the lungs was damaged.
This review includes a comprehensive assessment of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 6 mm irregular solid (solid) nodule in the left lower lobe (5:440) and stable (solid, but irregular) right upper lobe (4:410). St stable right upper and left lower lobes (5.68 and 5:74) and subpleural (subpleural) nodules (5):410. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion. No evidence of pleural adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. No pericardial effusion (a small hole in the aorta). Normal course and caliber of the aortal arteries. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive adenopathies.
This review includes the following: Lungs/Airways: Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea. Stable 5 mm right middle lobe nodule (4: 3:15). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. St stable right lower lobe micronodule (5: 381). Stable right upper lobe micromodule 4:381. Stability of the left lower lobe (4): 459. Ststable right upper and lower lobe. No new and enlarging of the septal nodules (4) or the septa (4). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax (4), no pleural or pneumodial (4; 4: 459). No evidence of new or enlarged nodules. Interlobular septals: Thickening and increased reticulations in the right middle and left lower lobes (4, 4:449 and 4:441) and increased subpleural reticulation (4-441) in the left and right lower lobe (4 and 4; 4; 5:422). Thin-walled cyst in the lower lobe of the right lower and left lobes. No evidence for small airways disease (4/422) or pleural (4.422) in either lobe. Small hiatus hernia (4); small hiatus herniated hernia in the hernia of the aortic valve (4 (4)). No pericardial effusion (4 pericardiogram) or pericordial effusions (4(4):441). No peri- and periccardial (3) pericards (4)) or peri (4)-pericardia (4 -4: 4:422) peri. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Subcarinal node measures 1.2 cm, stable since 2019. Medial node measures
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. An 8 mm nodule is noted in the lingula (3:257). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial and left ventricular enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral annular calcifications. Clavicles &amp; Scapulae: Clavicle and scapulaeus were not imaged in their entirety on cross-sectional images but no fracture was appreciated on the scout images. Rib Cage &amp: Sternum: No acute osseous injury. Rib cage &amp, Sternum, Rib Cage and Rib Cage: No fracture. Thoracic Spine: No fractures. Soft tissues: Bilateral breast calcifications in the left breast. Biopsy clip in the right breast.
The results of the review are current to April 2019. The results of this review are up to date as of April 2019 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Enlarging, now 5 mm, subpleural right lower lobe nodule (5:274). This nodule was previously punctate/nearly imperceptible on April 2021 exam (previous exam 5:247). Stable 1.1 cm right lower lobes subpleurial nodule. Stable 7 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule and stable left upper lobe 4 mm groundglass (5-126). Additional stable scattered micronodules (for example 5:159,160,256). Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis (see for example 5-351). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pleurisy (pneumothoracic) or pleural adenopathy (adenopathy) in the thoracic adenocarcinopathy (a condition in which the airway is blocked by a small hole in the airways). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics (lymph nodes) in lymph nodes. Small hiatus hernia (a hernia in the neck) in a hernia. Paraesophageal varices (a varices in the throat) in paraesphageal (a narrowing of the throat). Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic and aortics (aortic valve calcifications). Dense mitral annular calcification. Punctate calcifications in the right breast. Coronal annular (a type of calcification
This review of the results from the results of the original study found that the tracheobronchial tree is patent. The lungs and airways are normal. The tracheo-pleura are not affected. The thyroid gland is not affected, but the thyroid gland appears to be heterogeneous. The heart and vessels are normal and the aorta is normal. There is no evidence of any abnormal bone or muscle growth. The body is not in pain.
The results of this review show that the lungs and airways are still functioning normally. However, there is a small amount of mucus plugging in the upper lobe of the lungs. The upper lobe is also thickening and the upper chest wall is still stable. The heart and vessels are still normal. The aortic vessels are also normal.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is consolidation in the right upper lobe with air bronchograms in addition to multifocal peribronchial (dummy) nodular consolidations. Scattered 2 to 3 mm (2 to 3 cm) nodules are seen, for example in the lower lobe on series 4, image 294. There is a trace right pleural effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Aortic valvular calcifications are seen. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm in diameter. The main pulmonary artery measures 3.4 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. Chemo-Port terminates in the atrium. There was no evidence of anemia. There were no signs of aneurysm or other abnormalities in the blood pool. There may be a small hernia in the hiatal hernia. There has been no evidence that the heart or vessels were damaged. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. There have been no signs that the thyroid gland was damaged. There had been no other complications. There appears to be no evidence to suggest that the liver or kidneys were damaged, but there was some evidence of a small amount of damage in the kidney. There appeared to be some damage in both kidneys. There could be some evidence that there was a small haemorrhage in the liver. There might be some signs of a hernia and aortic hernia, but these were not significant. There seems to be little or no evidence for aneuriesm or aneuriasm. There seemed to be a lack of blood in the veins of the liver and kidneys.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the results are up to date as of July 2021. We compared the results from April 2021 with those from April 2019. We also compared the findings from April 2018 with those of April 2017. We did not find any new findings. We are uncertain whether the right lung (the main organ of the body) had a new nodule in the upper lobe (the apex) of the right upper lobe. We were able to see a new subpleural nodule (the middle lobe) in the lower lobe (lower lobe) of this organ (the subpleura) and the right breast (the breast) in both the upper and lower lobe. The left breast (upper lobe) had new subplural reticulations and traction bronchiectasis in the right and middle lobes (the upper and the lower) of both the right lungs (the right and the middle breast) from right breast radiotherapy. We could not see any new subleptal (the surface of the airway) nodules in the left breast. We have not found any new adenopathy in the thoracic adenopathies (adenopathy of the neck and chest). We found no new adenzopathy in either the thyroid (the thyroid gland) or the thyroid gland (the lymph nodes) in either of the thyroid. We do not have any new or new adenosine (the hormone) in these adenopathic changes. We can not be sure if the right subpleurals (the nodes) have a new adeno (adenosine) in them. We cannot be sure of the extent of the adenoea (adeno) in this area. We will be able to tell from the results in July 2019.
This review of the results from the MRI scan of the left lower lobe of the lung shows that the lung is stable and the lung wall is thickening. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart, vessels and aorta are normal size. The aortic vessels are normal. The lungs are clear. The liver and kidneys are normal and no new or enlarged lung nodules. The thyroid gland is normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The thoracic spine is normal and the heart and vessels are of normal size and shape. The abdominal cavity is normal, with no new bone lesions. The body is normal in size and volume. The lung is normal with no additional or enlargement of the pulmonary vein. The blood vessels are healthy and the aortas are normal, but the heart is normal size, and the arteries are normal in shape. There is no evidence of any new or increased risk of heart disease.
The results of the review show that the following are the same as the original results. The results are current to May 2016. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endobronchial 3 mm nodule in the proximal right middle lobe bronchus (4:248) subpleural 4 mm nodules (4):248, left lower lobe 5 mm groundglass opacity (4,237) left lower limb (4) micronodule (4), and upper lobe (4). Upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema. Mild biapical scarring. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the trachea diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Mild decrease in the right lower lobe subpleural nodule, now 1.8 cm, previously 2.1 cm. Mild decreases in the inferior lingula nodule (lower lobe) (5.327 mm) (4.278 mm) and 6.3 mm (5:327 mm). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Small hiatus hernia. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive bones lesions.
This review includes a comprehensive scan of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Numerous sub-4 mm lung nodules are again identified. No new or enlarging nodules were found. The airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No lymph nodes were found in the thoracics. The thyroid is enlarged, similar to prior. No axillary, or subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathies were found, but the right chest wall port tip terminates in the SVC. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No perisorruptive pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber (size of the aorta) of the heart and vessels. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic metastases (sclerotic spread of cancer in the spine) in the neck and spine appear similar distribution. No adenopathic adenocapsis (adenopathy) was found. No radiological adenomies were identified. The left breast was removed and the right breast was reconstructed. The right breast had a new breast implant. The breast was not affected by the radiation.
This review of the results from the review of images from the same study found that the following were found:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No major changes in the number of pulmonary or airway nodules or the size of the nodules were found. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The 3 mm nodule along the fissure on the right is unchanged and likely represents an intrapulmonary lung node, in series 4 image 284. The nodule in the left lower lobe described in the prior study has decreased in size, measuring less than 3 mm in image 288. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Post surgical changes consistent with prior aortic valve replacement and patchy repair of the ascending aorta. The aortas are unchanged. The ascending aorts are up to 4.2 cm in length in the axial plane and up to a combined length of 4.9 cm in the paired portion of the aort. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aort aorts are unchanged Severe calcifications are unchanged in the coronary artery and aortal vessels. Upper Abdomen: Hypoattenuating lesions throughout the liver, the largest of which measure as simple cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracis spine. Ossoattenuating liver lesions. Osseeous structures: Healing of the sternotomy and soft tissues. No abnormal bony changes.
This review of the results from the medical literature shows that the following are the results of a comprehensive examination of the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobranchial tree is patent. Focal bronchiectasis and scarring are associated to the right upper apical scarring. Basal and peripheral bronchictasis and reticulations, mild subpleural cystic change and traction bronchiolectasis. No definite honeycombing (difficult evaluation the setting of pleural effusions). Mild interlobular septal thickening. Small bilateral pleural pleural fluid. No pleural or pneumothorax. Severe aortic and coronary arteries are calcified. Segmental aorta is dilated (39 mm) and main pulmonary artery is diluted (32 mm). Severe calcifications of the aortas and coronary artery are present. Severy poor blood flow to the aortal vessels is less than the myocardium (the heart and vessels that carry the blood to the heart) and is consistent with anemia. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Multilevel changes of the spine. Body wall edema. Fluid and debris noted. Flug of fluid and debris in the esophagus to the level of the proximal portion consistent with reflux or dysmotility. Small hernia. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial and probably left ventricular enlargement. Ascending aortus measures 39 mm. Severed aortis and coronary vessels are dilate. Seldom or never been seen before. Seventeen of the heart and vessel vessels are calcifications. Seemingly normal blood flow in the aorts and coronary veins. Seismic changes of aortes and aorte. Seen in the thyroid
The examination of the chest showed that the chest cavity was not completely filled with fluid. There was a small amount of fluid in the right lower lobe of the heart and it could communicate with an airway. The left lower lobe was not filled with liquid. There is scattered areas of fluid on the lower lobe and it may be communicating with an upper lobe. No airway was found. There were no signs of a broken bone or a broken vessel. There are no signs that the heart is damaged. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a punctate splenic calcification that is nonspecific and a left renal cyst. There may be a nutrient channel in the liver and a small blood vessel in the kidney. There could be a small fracture in the aorta. There has been no evidence of a fracture in either leg. There appears to be no signs in the pelvis. There have been no signs on the liver or kidneys. There seems to be a little fluid in both legs. There might be a blood vessel or a small vessel in each leg. The pelvis is not fully filled with blood. There does not appear to be any evidence that the pelvic ring and femurs are broken. There appear to have been a small leak in the bladder. There appeared to be some fluid in each kidney. No evidence of an arterial blockage. There seemed to be little or no evidence in the heart. There did not appear any signs of damage to the aortal artery. There had been no serious bleeding. There would be no need for a new operation.
We found that the body's habitus (the way the body is carried) may have affected the results of this review. We also found that there is a small amount of residual air in the pleura, which may be able to be removed and used to clear the airway. We found that a small number of patients had a small collection of fluid in the upper lobe of the pleural space, which we could not identify. We did not find any evidence of a large, infectious or inflammatory lesion in the lower lobe of this lung. We are uncertain whether this is an infectious or an inflammatory lesional. We do not know if this is a new or old lesion. We have not found any evidence that the lung is damaged. We were unable to identify any other major complications. We could not find evidence of any major complications in the liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys. We cannot be sure if the liver or gallbladders were damaged. There was no evidence of an aggressive lesion of the liver. We can not be sure whether the liver and gallblad were damaged in the same way. We only found one small collection in the left lung. The liver and kidney were not damaged. The gallbladiad was not damaged in any way. The kidney was not affected. We had no evidence that there was an aggressive or inflammatory scarring in the kidney. We concluded that the liver had not been damaged.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this review are current to May 2014. The examination showed that the left lower lobe of the trachea was slightly better than the previous CT scan, but the upper lobe was slightly worse. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of patients with a pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The upper and lower tracheas were similar in size and volume. There were no new signs of a new acute oedema in the upper abdomen. The left lower and upper tracheae were similar. There is a small improvement in the left upper lobe of both tracheals, but there is still some evidence of an improvement in both the upper and the lower trach. There are no new acute signs of an oedemic or oediacal abnormality in the lower abdomen. There may be some improvement in other parts of the thoracic spine, but this is not clear. There appears to be no new oedicoid or oesophagus abnormalities. There has been no new evidence of any new acute pericardial or pericordial abnormalities.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Chest: There are two left chest tubes and a mediastinal drain. There is a small amount of fluid in the left lung and a small number of pleural effusions. There are no pleural fluid in both lungs. There was no evidence of a large heart or lung obstruction. There were no signs of a heart or lungs obstruction. The heart size is enlarged status post sternotomy and CABG. There appears to be a small increase in the size of the heart in the chest. There may be a slight increase in fluid in one of the lungs. The lungs are clear and clear. There has been no evidence that the other lungs have been affected. There have been no signs that the lungs have had a significant increase in blood flow to the lungs or the lungs, but there is a slight improvement in the shape of the septal septum. There seems to be no evidence for a large increase in lymphadenopathy in the heart. There appear to be some evidence of thickening of the interlobular septals in the lungs and a possible increase in pulmonary interstitial edema. There does not appear to have been any evidence of lymphadenopathies in the other organs. Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. The patient is in stable condition. There is a small left pneumothorax (pneumothoracic obstruction) in the left lung. There are no signs of a large lung obstruction in the right lung. The left lung is in a stable condition, but there is mild centrilobular emphysema (a type of lung infection) in this area. There was a small amount of fluid in the upper lobe of the left lower lobe (the lingula) and this is concerning for aspiration. There were no signs in the lower lobe of this area of the lung (the peribronchovascular airspace). There is no pleural effusion (a narrowing of the airway) or lymphadenopathy (lungs). The heart size is normal status post median sternotomy and CABG. There has been no evidence of a pericardial effusion. The spleen is enlarged. The liver is also enlarged. There may be a small lung obstruction (the spleen) in both lungs (the upper lobe) and the liver (the lower lobe) (the inferior aspect of the right upper lobe). There are signs of bronchiectasis and peribronschov vascular airspace opacities in the other lobe (lower lobe). The patient's condition is stable. The heart is normal. The body is in good condition. The surgery was performed to remove the liver and the spleen. The other organs are in the abdomen (the liver, spleen and liver) were removed. The patients' condition is normal, but the liver is enlarged and the patient is again noted to be in good health.
The results of the review are current to May 2017. The patient is again noted to be in good condition after wedge resection in the left lower lobe. There is no new pulmonary nodule. There are no new pleural effusion. There was no new liver nodule in the upper lobe. The heart size is normal. There were no new heart or lung nodules in the lower lobe of the liver. There may be a cyst in the liver, but this is not aggressive. There has been no new lung nodule or pleural fluid in the chest. There have been no other new liver or lung lesions. There appears to be no new lymphadenopathy in the heart. There remains a cysts in the abdomen. There does not appear to be any new liver, liver or lungs nodules. There seems to be a small cyst on the liver and liver.
We searched for information on the following: Lungs/heart, lungs, and airways/pleura. We found scattered bilateral pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm in the right middle and left lower lobes. There is a 5 mm nodule in the left apex on image 45, series 5. There are no pulmonary consolidation. There was no pleural effusions. There were no pleurae (pulmonary vessels) or pleural scarring. There may be a small number of lymph nodes in the liver. There has been a lucent lesion at the inferior endplate of L3, which may represent an early Schmorl's node versus lytic lesion. There have been multiple metastases in the lumbar spine. There appears to be a sclerotic focus in the posterior right eighth rib on image 327, series 4. There does not appear to be any suspicious lytic or blastic osseous lesion in the thoracic spine. The thyroid gland is normal. There could be a large metastatic lesion on the liver in the hepatic dome, hepatic segment 7/8. There might be a luscent lesions in the inferior part of the liver, which is a SchmorL's node. There will be no lymph nodes or lymph nodes on the left mesenteric region of the heart. There should be no evidence of a large lymph node in the heart or the aorta. There would be no significant evidence of an early or large metastases on the heart, liver, or liver. The liver and liver are normal. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There can be no clear signs of heart or liver consolidation. The aortic arch is normal in shape. There seems to be no abnormal heart or aortal vessels. The arteries, veins, and veins are normal to normal. We are uncertain whether there is any evidence of abnormal heart and vascular
The results of this review are current to May 2017. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2017 and include:. Chest: There are peribronchovascular groundglass airspace opacities in the right lower lobe, new since prior exam. There is no increased reticulation or architectural distortion. There are no significant air trapping or air trapping in the lungs. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. There were no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. The heart size is normal. There has been no evidence that the heart has been damaged. There may be a small blood pool in the left ventricle, but this is not significant. There have been no signs of a large blood clot in the heart. There appears to be no evidence for a large vein in the upper abdomen. There seems to be a slight reduction in the amount of blood in the blood pool. There does not appear to be any evidence of a vein in either the left or right perinephric hematoma. The visualized portion of the hematum is partially visualized. The blood in this area has decreased since 10/12/2021, compatible with expected evolution. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Chest: There is an increase in the number of people with a chest wall that has been cleared of air in the upper lobe of the upper lobes. There is no evidence of a large heart or lung enlargement. There are no signs of a heart or lungs enlargement in the lower lobe of this lobe. There was no evidence that the upper and lower lobes of the chest were affected by a large lung enlargment. There were no signs that the lower lobe of the lungs had been affected by an aggressive lesion. There may be a small amount of fluid in the airway of the lower lung. There has been no evidence to suggest that the lungs were affected. There have been no signs in the chest of a lung enlarging. There had been no significant evidence of an enlargement of the heart or the lungs. There could be no evidence in the abdomen. There might be some evidence of fluid on the abdomen and pelvis.
This review of the results from the review of a single scan of the neck of a patient with a severe case of acute bronchitis, found that the neck is still in good condition. However, the neck has decreased in size and volume. The neck has also decreased in volume, with a small increase in the size of the left brachiocephalus. The heart size is normal. The body's ability to breathe is normal, with no evidence of a serious problem. The examination of the chest and abdomen revealed that the chest has increased in size, with increased volume, but the chest is still very thin. The chest is also still very narrow. The abdomen has decreased, with decreased volume, and the heart size remains the same. The upper abdomen is still normal. There is no evidence that the upper abdomen has a serious condition. The lower abdomen is normal and the upper abdominal cavity is normal with no serious problems. The brain is still functioning well. The liver is still working normally. The lungs are still functioning normally.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Chest: The examination of the chest revealed a 3 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe is unchanged since 2014 and therefore benign. There is no new pulmonary nodule. There are no new pleural effusion. There was no evidence of a new pericardial effusion or a new aneurysm. There were no new fractures in the left lateral 5th-7th rib fractures. There may be a small aneuris in the ascending thoracic aorta, measuring 4.4 cm at the level of the right main pulmonary artery, previously 4.2 cm. There has been no new evidence of aneurism in the descending thoracics. There have been no other new fractures. The heart size is normal. There appears to be no new peri- or pericordial effusions. There remains a small fusiform aneurysism in the aortic aortal aortus, measuring about 4.5 cm at its level. There does not appear to be any new perico- or pleural aneuriesm. The examination showed no new or new periorbital effusion, and there is no evidence that there is any new or additional pericardiographic evidence of periccardial effusions. The findings are up-to-date as of March 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the post-mortem examination of the abdominal organs. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdomen organs are unremarkable. Large hiatal hernia which contains the majority of the stomach. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No major complications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No abnormal changes in the thoracics. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thorACic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax. Coarse calcifications throughout the breasts bilaterally. Multiple healed right posterior rib fractures.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A 3 mm left apical nodule is unchanged (4/69). Numerous additional sub-4 mm nodules are stable, including one in the left lower lobe (4.390). 2 mm calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No mediastinal, hilar, or axillary adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Chest port tip terminates within the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The results of the CT scan of the thoracic spine were compared with the results of a chest X-ray. The results were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Pulvic artery is a right-sided chest port. Right-sided port with catheter tip in the SVC. Mediator: No thoracics. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes. Normal thyroid. Heart: Normal heart size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmicardial and pericordial effusions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of the results from the literature is up to date as of May 2016. The results of this review are current to May 2016 and are up todate. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Left apical 6 mm nodular opacity adjacent to an area of scarring (3:56). Left upper lobe 3 mm nodule (3):132). Right apex 4 mm subpleural nodule. Right middle lobe 4 mm micronodule (4:220). Underlying scattered foci of bronchiolectasis (for example 3:112). Right lower lobe 3mm subpleuris nodule and scarring with mucoid impaction (3) in the lateral segment of the right middle lobe (3). Tubular branching opacity in the lingula favored to represent mucoids impaction in the left middle lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the right lower lobe of the lung is stable and the left lower lobe is stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There was no evidence that the left lung was affected. There were no signs of lymph nodes or lymphadenopathies in the upper and lower lungs. There are no signs that the lung was damaged.
The results of the MRI scan were compared with the results from the same scan in a separate study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The MRI scan showed that the lung bases of the lungs were consolidated and the lung veins were enlarged. There was no evidence of new or enlarging of the pulmonary nodules. The heart and vessels were normal. The chest port was placed in the chest wall and the chest tube was inserted through the chest. The liver and kidneys were normal and the heart and the vessels were not affected. The lungs were not damaged. The lung veins and arteries were normal, but the heart was not affected and the veins and the arteries were not enlarged. The body was not damaged and the liver and the kidneys were not changed. The blood vessels were also normal. There were no signs of adenopathy within the thorax. The thoracic spine was normal.
This review includes a total of 5,865 CT scans of the lungs, heart, vessels, and lymph nodes. The results are current to January 2019. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 5 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe in series 5 image 214 are unchanged going back to studies from November 2018. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Soft tissue within the prevascular mediastinal compartment likely represents residual thymus in a patient this age. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Normal thyroid. Heart, Vessels, and Osseus: Normal heart size. Pulvic artery is healthy. Pulvus: No peri- and pericardiographic effusion, pericordial effusions, or perioperative pneumothors. Upper abdominal scan: No pleurals or pleura.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the upper lobe of the lung. The scan showed a small, nonaggressive nodule in the upper lung. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The results were not consistent with metastatic disease.
This review of the results from the most recent CT scan shows that the lung and airways are worsening, with worsening of the mainstem bronchi and the main pulmonary artery. There is worsening of other parts, including the left main pulmonary vein and the left lower lobe of the lung. There are worsening of lymph nodes and the lymph nodes in the lymph vessels. There was no change in the size of the heart or vessels. The heart and vessels are still normal. The lung and the airways have not been affected by the metastases. The esophagus is patulous. The liver and kidneys are normal. There were no changes in the heart and the vessels.
This review of the results from the literature is up to date as of May 2016. The results of this review are current to May 2016 and are up todate. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Platelike atelectasis in the lung bases. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidations. No major changes in the number of pleura. The right lung is covered with a thickening of the bronchial wall. The left lung is filled with fluid. The heart and vessels: Normal size of the aorta and aortic vessels. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aort. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal heart and vessel course and size. The coronary arteries and aortal vessels: Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax.
The results of the CT scan of the thoracic spine were compared with the results of a chest X-ray. The results were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules with sub-centimeters of thyroid nodule size. Heart, Vessels and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine. Rotation of the chest port with catheter tip in the right atrium. Right-sided chest port. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft tissues: No active bone lesions in the thorax. Routines of the heart and vessels.
The CT scan showed that the aortic valve calcification with diffuse thickening of the aortal myocardial vessels and aneurysm in the arial cavity was again noted. There was no suspicious pulmonary nodule or pleural effusion. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleurisy. There were no aggressive osseous lesions. There are no signs of aorta-related arterial blockage or arterial calcification.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is evidence of bibasilar consolidations and reticular markings in the right lung. Scarring/atelectasis is also seen in the upper lobe of the right medial upper lobe. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Multiple subcentimeter left thyroid nodules present. No pneumomediastine (pneumoderm) or pneumomedoastinus (pulmonary valve). Heart and Vessels: The heart appears enlarged. There is a small pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Status post gastric banding with stable positioning and appropriate phi angle. The distal esophagus is fluid-filled, the mid and upper esophages are collapsed with possible mild esophageal wall thickening. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Status post right hemithyroidectomy.
The results of the post-mortem examination of the heart, lungs, lungs and lymph nodes of the patient were compared with the results of a post-operative examination of a patient with a heart attack. The heart and vessels were examined in a series of three separate studies. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The main results were as follows:. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic changes of the arteries of the coronary artery. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerosis. The kidneys are shrunken and atrophied. The right adrenal calcification is likely from remote inflammatory or hemorrhagic process. The lungs are clear. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No lymph nodes are affected. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There is stable dextroscoliosis. Upper Abdomen: The bilateral native kidneys are shrinken and are atrophies.
This is a summary of the results of the post-mortem examination of the patient with COVID pneumonia. The patient is in a stable condition and is receiving a combination of oxygen and mechanical ventilation. The results are current to October 26, 2017. The main results are as follows:.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Tracheostomy in place. The right-sided chest tube terminates in the right apex just inside the pleural space. The fluid component has decreased since prior. The left-sided tube terminated in the left apex just outside the pleura. The heart and vessels: Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Femoral approach ECMO cannula terminates at the right atrium. Femral approach ECMA cannula ends in the atrium and left upper extremity PICC tip terminates on the left jugular vein. Left internal jugular central venous catheter tip terminate in the SVC. No pericardial effusion. Heart and vessels (heart and vessels): Heart and vessel (vascular vessels): Right IJ ECMO (vulgar artery) cannula end in the heart and vessel tip in the jugular veins. Left IJ (v vessel) end in vein. No major complications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine is up to date as of May 2016. The results are current to May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Post radiation changes in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe and right lower lobe from recent radiation therapy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging nodules outside the radiation field. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No aortic calcifications. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. No calcifications in the aort. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body. No adenopathies. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes images of the following:.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable subpleural nodules including a nodule along the mediastinal border in the right middle lobe in series 3 image 256. Nodules along the fissures are unchanged and likely represent intrapulmonary lymph nodes. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. No thorACic adenopathy. Normal thyroid.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The scan showed that the number of nodules in the right upper lobe has increased slightly, previously 1.1 cm (from 177 to 177). The number of sub-5 mm nodules is stable, but the number is slightly increased. The number and size of the nodules are stable, and the number and shape of the sub-3 mm nodule is stable. The size of each sub-4 mm nodul is stable and the size of sub 5 mm nodle is stable in the left lower lobe. The results of the scan did not show any signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is no evidence of a large lung lesion.
This is a summary of the results of the imaging study. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes images of the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations or groundglass. Scattered pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm in series 4 image 244. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Secretions within the distal trachea and right mainstem bronchus. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and caliber of the thoracics. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal pericardiographic course and size of the aorta. Pulvic artery is regular size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of the results from the same study found that the heart is enlarged and the heart has increased the amount of calcification in the blood vessels. There is also increased lymphadenopathy in the left lung. There are no signs of a large vessel blockage in the heart. The heart is also enlarged in the right lung.
This review of the results from a randomised controlled trial of the thoracic spine found that the right lung and the right airways were stable after surgery. The left lung was affected by a patchy pattern of consolidation with associated bronchiectasis. The right lung was not affected. The heart and vessels were normal. The abdominal organs were normal and no aggressive bone lesions were found. The results of this review are current to July 2019.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016, and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are unchanged moderate pleural effusions, greater on the right, with adjacent atelectasis. There is a small number of small pleural fractures in the upper lobe of the upper ear. There are no major complications. There was no evidence of a large heart or vessel enlargement. There were no major heart or vascular complications. The central airways are patent. There has been no evidence that the upper and lower ear have been affected by the same type of disease. There have been no major chest wall abnormalities. There may be a small amount of blood loss in the left ear. The left ear is not affected by any of the other major complications, and the upper arm is not damaged. There appears to be no evidence to suggest that the left breast is affected. There remains a small but stable number of breast glandular tissue, and overlying skin thickening. There will be no serious adverse effects.
This review of the results from the results of the original study found that the lung and airways were unchanged compared to the prior study. Pulmonary nodules including a 7 mm right middle lobe nodule in the series 5 image 202 are unchanged compared with the prior studies and stable going back to studies from July 2021. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No major changes in the number of lung nodules or the size of the lung nodule. No changes in number of pulmonary nodule or the number or size of lung consolidation. No other major changes were found in the other parts of the thoracic spine. The heart and vessels were normal. The aorta was normal size. The arteries and veins were normal size and the coronary arteries were normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The blood vessels were not affected. The body's ability to carry blood was normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The results of this review are current to July 2021 and are up to date to date as of July 2019.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the left lung was stable and the right lung was also stable. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There were no signs of lymph nodes in the chest. The left lung had a small amount of fluid in the left lower lobe and the left supraclavicular lymph nodes were not affected. The right lung had no evidence for lymphadenopathies. The results of this scan were not consistent across the whole scan.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine is up to date as of May 2016. The results are current to May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening and lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis consistent with airways disease. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickened and lower lobe predominant bronchioles. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Large hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricular enlargement. Extensive coronary artery calcifications. LAD and LCx stents stents. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Aortic ossifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the results from the results of a series 4 of the same study from June 2018 shows that the following are the results:.Lungs and Airways: Prominent azygos (a fissure in the lung) is still present. No new and enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No consolidations. No major changes in the size of the aorta or the aureus. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. No changes in size of aortas or aortic vessels. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Promised soft tissue the left of the gastric conduit in series 4 is unchanged going back to studies from June 2017. No significant changes in this area. No adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Stable postoperative changes consistent with prior esophagectomy and gastric pull-through.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The scan showed that the blood flow to the lungs was normal. There was no evidence of a large vein or arterial calcification. There were no signs of a vein or artery blockage. There is no evidence that the lungs were affected by a large arterial blockage or that the arterial artery was blocked. There are no signs that the arteries were blocked. The examination of the diaphragm area of the abdomen showed no evidence for a large artery block. There has been a slight increase in the number of lymphadenopathy (lymphadenopathy) in the paraaortic lymph nodes in the right paraaordic lymph node.
The patient is a woman with a breast reconstruction and is in good health. The patient is in hospital for a routine chest X-ray. The scan showed that the patient had a small amount of fluid in the left lung and a small number of lymph nodes in the right lung. There was no evidence of a suspicious lung nodule. There is mild edema in the lungs and a trace of pleural effusion in the lower lobe of the lungs. The heart is enlarged. The body is stable. The liver and kidneys are stable. There are no signs of metastases. There were no signs that the liver or kidneys were affected by metastases in this patient. The lungs are stable and the liver and kidney are stable, and the heart is large. The abdomen is stable and there is no evidence that the body was affected by any metastases, but the liver is enlarged, and there are no reports of metastasis in the liver.
The results of the new study are similar to the prior studies from August 2021. The results of this study are based on a new study from August 2019. The new study is of a larger size and is of better quality. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules measuring up to 1.1 cm in the right lower lobe and series 4 image 153. Nodules are similar in size and distribution compared to the previous study from 2021. There is increasing groundglass and linear scarring in the left upper lobe consistent with prior radiation therapy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Segmental calcification of the aortic arteries and the aortal vessels. Upper Abdomen: Upper abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable appearance of the lytic lesion in the scapula. No thoracics. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thorachis adenopathy. Normal thyroid.
This review of the results from the literature is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal and confluent centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis, diffuse bronchial wall thickening, and multiple foci of mucoid impaction. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No consolidations or groundglass. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Right-sided renal cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracics. No pericardial effusion. No lymph nodes: No thorACic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorAC spine. Osses: No new bone lesions or aggressive bone disease. Oses: No periostinum/Lymph nodes: Normal thyroid size. Heart: Normal heart size. Pulvic artery is regular size. Lower Abdomens: Normal aortic size. Ossoid structures and soft tissues: No active bone lesions and no aggressive bone diseases.
This is a routine routine scan of the abdomen of a patient with a benign benign tumour. The patient was found to have a small, small vein in the upper abdomen. The scan showed no evidence of an aggressive lesion in the osseous lesion. There is no abnormal fluid in the lungs.
This review of the results from the CT scan of the lungs and airways of the thoracic spine found that the lungs were normal. No new lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax (diffusion of airway fluid) was found. The lungs were not affected by any of the other abnormalities. The heart was normal size and the aorta was normal. The liver was normal, and the kidneys were normal, but the thyroid gland was normal and the heart was not affected. The lymph nodes were normal and there was no evidence that the lymph nodes had been affected. There was no new evidence of adenopathy in the lymph node system. The body was normal in the other areas of the body. The results of the CT scans were similar in the lungs, heart, and vessels.
This review includes a comprehensive review of the results of the studies comparing the results from the same study with the results for the same patient. The results show that the lungs and airways of the patient are similar. The lungs and the airways are similar in size and shape. The airways and lungs are similar and the lungs are the same size and are the only parts of the body to show any changes. The body is similar to the other parts of it. The heart and vessels are similar, but there is a small difference in the size of the aorta and the heart and the aortal arteries. The liver and kidneys are similar but the heart is the only part of the system to show a small change. The kidneys and liver are similar to each other. The kidney and liver have normal size and the liver and kidney are normal. The aortas and aortic arteries are normal size. The abdominal organs are similar with no changes. There is no evidence of any serious adverse effects. The spine is similar.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Biapical paraseptal emphysema and pleuroparenchymal scarring are also noted. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening is also noted, but no new or enlarging lung nodules are seen. No pleural effusions. Stable right apical 7 mm nodule (5/67) is the only new or enlarged lung nodule. St stable left thyroid lobe 2.3 cm nodule is the largest. No new or worsening of the existing nodules. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications including aortical valve leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stability of the thyroid lobe. Stabilization of the hiatal hernia. Ststable small hiatAL hernia (HIA) is stable. No aggressive bones lesions.
This review of the results from the radiographic examination of the tracheobronchial tree and the lungs and the airways found that the trachoma was not affected by radiation. The trachea was not damaged. The lungs were not affected. The airways were not damaged and the tracings were not disturbed. The heart and vessels were not changed. The aortic valve was not changed and the aorta was normal. The kidneys were not altered. The liver was not disturbed and the kidneys were normal.
The results of the chest scan showed that the main lung and airway were intact. The main vein in the main vein was slightly enlarged (5.0 cm) and the main artery was slightly dilated. The major vein in both the main and minor veins were slightly diluted. The left major vein was not affected. The right major vein had a benign lymph node in the left major fissure. The other major vein and the major vein were not affected, but the main veins were dilated (32 mm). The main artery in the major veins was slightly dilated. The heart and vessels were not enlarged. The upper arm and shoulder were not damaged. The thyroid gland was not damaged, but there was no evidence of adenopathy. The liver was not enlarged or damaged. There was no change in the number of lymph nodes in the lymph nodes. The blood vessels were normal. The body was not in pain.
The results of the CT scan were obtained from a CT scan of the left upper lobe of the lung and the left lung of the heart. The lung apices were excluded from the field-of-view. The left upper lung tree-in-bud nodules are likely to be infectious/inflammatory and are likely infectious/inflammable. No suspicious lung nodules were seen. The airways are patent. No pleural (pleural) effusions were seen in the upper lung. No pericardial effusion was seen. No consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions were seen and no aggressive bone fractures were found. The heart and vessels were not affected. The results of CT scan showed that the heart was enlarged and the heart vessels were enlarged. The upper abdomen was not affected and the lower abdomen was also not affected, but the heart and vessel were enlarged in the lower abdominal cavity.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the number of sub-5 mm lung nodules was stable in the right lung and the number in the left lung. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There were no aggressive lesions in the chest wall. There is no evidence that the lung is in danger of rupture.
This review includes a comprehensive search of the medical literature up to January 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A posterior right lower lobe pleural-based consolidation patch with air bronchograms and adjacent nodularities. Micronodule in the superior segment of left lower lobe (6/126) is nonspecific in absence of similar prior imaging. Curvilinear band of atelectasis in the medial segment of middle lobe. There is a trace right pleural effusion. No pleural pleura effusions. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion, and the aortic vessels appear normal. Mild coronary and aortical calcifications including valvular leaflets. Although the study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries; incidental finding of filling defect of thromboembolism is suspected in the lateral segmental branch of right lower limb pulmonary artery. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Small hiatal hernia with diffuse thickening of the distal esophagus, compatible with mass seen on recent EGD. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart: The heart chambers appear to be normal in shape. Normal course and caliber of the aorts. Mild calcifications in the a few arteries including valved leaflets. No aggressive bones.
This review of the results from the radiotherapy study found that the following are the results of the radiologic examination of the chest wall. The results are current to May 2016. The radiologic review of this review is up to date as of May 2016 and includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Increased subpleural reticulations with associated bronchiectasis in the subpleurals in the left upper lobe and lingula: evolving post radiation change from left breast radiotherapy. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Previously mildly enlarged right axillary node have decreased and now measure up to 1 cm. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the available data shows that the main lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung is stable and the other sub-4 mm lung nodules are also stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no signs of a large lung nodulosity in the upper lobe of this lung. There was no evidence that the L1 vertebrae were affected by the disease. There were no signs that the body had been damaged. The results of the review are current to May 2016.
This review of the results from the same study from November 2017 shows that the lungs and airways of the patients have undergone significant changes. The results show that the lung and airway are showing signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. The 1.9 cm nodule in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 144 is still there and there is also a new 5 mm left upper lung nodule. There is also one new 5mm nodule on the right upper lobe. Other scattered pulmonary nodules are unchanged compared to study from October 2017. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels are normal size. The aortic valve is normal size and the aorta is normal. The liver and kidneys are normal. There was no evidence of any abnormal bone or muscle growth. The abdominal organs are normal and the abdominal organs have normal size, shape and shape. The body is normal and well-preserved.
This review includes the following results:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobranchial tree with patent. Further interval decrease in a left upper lobe spiculated nodule, now 1.6 x 0.7 cm, previously 1.7 x 1.1 cm. New superior segment left lower lobe subpleural nodule (adjacent 5 and 3 mm nodules 5:59). New patchy and tree-in-bud opacities in the left upper and adjacent 4 mm nodule and an adjacent 4:85. New patch of tree- in-buds in the upper lobe and patchy tree-like opacity in the lower lobe and an additional 4 mm of tree inbud in the subpleurals. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. Aircapular artery and pericordial effusions. A coronary artery and the aorta are normal in size and shape. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerosis of the left 10th rib. No evidence of a systemic infection.
This review of the results from a CT scan of the upper and lower limbs of the thoracic spine found that the lungs and airways were not affected by the disease. However, the lungs were affected with a slight increase in the amount of fluid in the lungs. The lungs were also affected with some evidence of a thickening of the septal septum (the lining of the lungs) and a small amount of blood in the veins. The examination of the heart and vessels showed no evidence that the heart or vessels were affected. The results of this review are current to January 2016.
This review of the results from the original review of this review found that the following are the results of a new study. The results are current to May 2016. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. New clusters of micronodules in the right upper lobe (for example 7:143 and left upper lobe) and left lower lobe (5:117 and 142). New 2 mm nodule in the middle lobe (7:219). Stable 4 mm left lower limb nodule (7,239). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pleurae (pulmonary vessels) or pleura (pleura) are affected. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Left aortic arch with an aberrant right subclavian artery with retroesophageal course. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions or aggressive bone damage.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable 5 mm left lower lobe nodule (5: 89) and superior segment right lower lobe 2 mm nodule. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This review of the results from the US National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) is up to date as of May 2017. The review includes information from the National Institute for Health Research's (NIH) electronic register.
This review of the results from the literature is up to date as of May 2016. The results of this review are current to May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 6 mm in the posterior right lower lobe (4/210). No new or enlarging lung nodles. Stable findings of fibrotic lung disease in the form of lower lobe predominant subpleural reticulations, peribronchial changes are also noted in the lower lobes (4 of268), compatible with alternative diagnosis to UIP. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: St stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example upright paratracheal and subcarinal lymph node, for which there is no new adenopathy by size criteria. No new thoracic adenopathies. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild calcifications of the aortic valve leaflets are also seen. Mild consolidation of the the aortal valve leaflets is also noted. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal in shape and size. The heart and vessels appear to be of good shape. The main artery is of good size and shape. No major complications were noted. The left lateral chest wall intramuscular lipoma is stable. The right chest port terminating in the distal SVC is also stable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive bones were found.
The results of the CT scan showed that the mass in question is larger in the upper lobe of the lung and the lower lobe of both lungs. The mass has retracted from contact with the left major fissure but maintained continuity with the anterior pleural surfaces and the left aspect of the pericardium. The left and right inferior lingula nodule (the largest part of the mass) have retracted from the adjacent pleural (upper) surface. The right inferior and left inferior lingulae (middle and lower) have not retracted from each other. The upper and lower lingula (middle) have been removed from the pleura (upper lobe). The lower lingulary (lower) and the inferior lingular (middle lobe) have withdrawn from the other pleura. The lower and middle lingularies have been withdrawn from each of the other parts of the pleurae (lower and upper) and are now in contact with each other (middle). The upper lingula has been removed and the upper lingular (middle, lower) and lower (lower, middle) lingulars have been retracted from one another (middle), but the lower lingular adenopathy remains inseparable from the mass. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Small pericocardial effusion, similar to prior. The pericordium (middle of the heart) has not been removed. The lungs/airways/pleura: The mass in the lower and upper lobe is larger. The lung has retracted and is now in the middle of the upper lung. The middle and lower lower lingual adenoclea have been pulled apart. The other parts have not been withdrawn. The lymph nodes (lymph nodes) have remained intact. The subcarinal adenopathic adenopathies are similar to the prior exam. The esophagus is patulous and contains fluid and
This review of the results is up to date as of the current results as of May 2016. The results are current to May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis. Stable 1.1 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule since multiple recent exams and present since at least 2007. Cluster of micronodules in the right upper lobes (3:199) which may represent small airways disease. St stable lymph node adjacent to the right minor fissure since 2007 consistent with benign etiology (3.341). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Scarring at the lung bases. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads terminate in the atrium and right ventricle. Heart is normal in size. Heart repair and aortic valve replacement. Ascending aorta measures 38 mm. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. Coronary artery and aortal calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged right renal cyst. Left renal hypodensities too small to characterize. Calcified granulomata in the spleen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires. T8 vertebral body hemangioma.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the right lung nodule in the right atrium is stable and there is no new or enlarging lung nodules. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are also no signs of lymph nodes in the chest. The right chest port terminates in the atrium. There was no evidence that the left lung was damaged. There were no signs that the lymph nodes were affected by the cancer. The results of this scan were not consistent with the results from the previous CT scan and the results were not similar.
The results of the CT scan showed that the following were found:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new and enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Moderate arterial calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pneumothorax. Diffuse bilateral groundglass opacities. No pleural effusion. No pulmonary artery calcifications. No calcifications of the ascending aorta. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aortic arch). No peri- and pericordial effusions. No arterial calcifications (a blockage of the artery that leads to the heart). Severe coronary artery calcification and aortical valve calcifications were not seen. No other calcifications or peri/pericardials were seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aort aortus measures 38 mm. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (33 mm). Se severe coronary artery and aortal valve calcification were not found. No aortal arch calcifications, no pericardiographic effusion, no arterial blockage or periccardial effused pericards. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abdoms: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and the lungs of the patient were compared with the results of a previous CT scan. The results of this scan showed that the lungs were stable and the lung was at a normal level. The lungs were also stable in the right middle lobe and the right lung was normal. The right lung had a small right-side pleural effusion. The left lung had an increased amount of fluid and a small amount of blood in the left lung. The lung was also normal in the other lungs. The heart and vessels were normal. There was a small increase in the number of lesions in the heart and the number in the vessels. The body was normal in other areas. The liver and kidneys were normal and the thyroid gland was normal, but the thyroid was not normal. No new adenopathy was found. The other organs were normal, and the body was not affected. The upper body was also stable. The bone structure of the body and the bone structure in the neck and the chest were normal but the bone in the rib cage was abnormal. The bones in both the neck of the rib and the rib of the chest and the thorax were normal in both bodies. The abdominal organs were also normal.
The review authors searched for information on the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Subpleural reticulations noted in the right and right middle lobes from prior right breast radiotherapy. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild biapical scarring. Stable scarring and/or atelectasis in the lingula adjacent to the fissure. New small right pleural effusion. No new or enlarging nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessel: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial enlargement. Aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair. A small number of new or enlarged calcifications in the left breast. No pericardial (heart) calcifications. No other changes. Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomata in the liver. Osseous structures (skin and soft tissues) and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with aortic wires intact. Coarse calcifications of the left and right breast. Degenerative changes of the spine and right shoulder. Status post aortics.
This review of the results from the original study found that the lung and airways were unchanged and the heart and vessels were the same. The liver and kidneys were the only organs that were affected. The heart was the only organ that was affected. There were no new or enlarging lung nodules. The lung and heart were the largest and most calcified. The kidney was the largest. The thyroid was the smallest and the thyroid was normal. The lungs were the smallest. The kidneys were normal. There was no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease. The other organs were the heart, liver, kidneys, and liver. The abdominal organs were normal and the liver was the most calcifying. The stomach was the least calcified and the largest, and the stomach was normal and had no new abnormal growth. The rest of the organs were similar. The results were similar to the results of the previous study. The main results were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Partially calcified lung nodule in the right apex are unchanged compared to the prior study and slightly increased in size going back to studies from May 2009. No new or growing lung nodles. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Calcific effusions the mitral annulus. Left-sided ICD in place. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No new bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax.
This review includes a total of 4,872 CT scans of the diaphragm and lung scans of a total number of 5,865 CT scans. The results show that the lung nodules are stable and the subsegmental scarring/atelectasis is stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no signs of lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the neck or chest. There was no evidence that the lymph nodes were affected by the disease. There were no signs that the body had been affected by cancer. There may be a small amount of blood in the blood vessels of the neck and chest.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the number of sub-4 mm lung nodules was stable in the left upper lobe of the lung and there was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There was no aggressive lesion in the right upper lobe. There were no signs of lymph nodes in the lower lobe of this lung. There is no evidence that the lung is in any danger of rupture.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that there were a number of small lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There were no signs of arterial calcifications. There is no evidence that the angina plexus was involved. There are no signs that the lung was damaged.
This review of the available data from the US National Library of Medicine's imaging system shows that the number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the upper and lower lobe of the lung is stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. Mild subtle groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe are nonspecific and may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology. There are no signs of lymph nodes or lymphadenopathies in the neck. There was no evidence that the hernia was caused by a hernia.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 198. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was an enlarged right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis. There is an enlarged left axillary lymph node, measured 1.5 cm in long axis. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aorta). Normal course and caliber of the the aortal arteries. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. There was no aggressive bone lesion. There were no aggressive fractures of the scoliosis.
This review of the results from the US National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
The results of the CT scan were compared with the results from the same scan in a different patient. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm in size. The major vein in the main vein is enlarged by up to a third. The blood vessels are normal. The lymph nodes are normal and the lymph nodes have no abnormal swelling. The body is normal. There is no evidence of any abnormal swelling of the lymph vessels. The heart and vessels are healthy. The lungs are normal, and the lungs are clear. The airways are clear and the airway in the lungs is clear. There are no signs of any abnormalities in the blood vessels. There was no evidence that the blood vessel in the heart was damaged. The examination of the upper abdominal cavity showed no evidence for any abnormal growth. The findings of this study are up-to-date as of March 2016.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are scattered tree-in-bud nodular opacities in the left apex, right middle lobe, and right upper lobe, which were also seen on 12/24/2020, but these are not as large as in the original. Some of these nodulars appear larger from; for example, right apical nodularity. There is a trace right pleural effusion with overlying subsegmental atelectasis. Trace pneumomediastinum is post surgical. There are no signs of obstruction of the airways. There appears to be a small amount of fluid in the superior medial right chest, but this is not large enough to be of interest. There was no evidence of a large blood clot in the upper left lung. There were no signs that the upper chest was damaged. There may be a few small blood vessels in the lower left lung, but they are not large. There appear to be no signs in the right lung of obstruction. There seems to be some fluid on the upper right chest wall. There does not appear to have been any blood in the inferior left lung or the upper arm. There has been no blood in either of the upper and lower arms. There have been no signs from the upper breast of damage. There could be some blood in both the left and the upper arms. The upper chest wall appears to have a small blood clot. There might be some small blood in each of the lower arm. The lower arm appears to not have any blood. There appeared to be small blood on the lower chest wall, but there was no blood on either arm. No evidence of obstruction in the airway. There did not appear a large amount of blood in any of the other organs. There seemed to be little or no evidence that the liver or lymph nodes were damaged.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears normal in size. Severe coronary arterial calcifications and/or stents are present. Segmental pericardial effusion measuring up to 4.1 cm posteriorly. Severed pericardiographic calcifications are present in the pericordial vessels. Severy large granulomas are present on the peri- and post-surgical surface of the peritoneum. No evidence of a systemic infection of the lungs or pleura. Central airways are patent. No signs of pleura or pleuromatous adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies. No thorax adenopathic adenocarcinopathy. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Flowing anterior endplate osteophytes without loss of intervertebral disc heights is suggestive of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis.
This review includes a series of CT scans of the lungs and a series 4 of the abdomen. The scan showed a number of small, small lung nodules in the lingula (lungs of the lung) and the thyroid gland. There was no evidence of a large, large or aggressive lesion. There were no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This review of the results from the EKG of the left lung of a patient with a chronic lung infection found in the upper airway found a large amount of secretions/debris in the trachea, left mainstem bronchus and left lower lobe bronchum. There is no evidence of pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pulmonary pneumothorax or pneumothoria. There was no evidence that the patient had a large lymph node in the lymph nodes. There were no signs of a large liver cyst.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the diaphragm and lung. The results of this scan were not sufficient to determine the cause of the hernia. The hernia was found in the herniated hernia and was not aggressive. The scan showed no evidence of pulmonary consolidation, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. The examination of a small hernia in the hiatal hernia did not show any aggressive lesion. The left pleural effusion was found to be at the same level as the atelectasis (a narrowing of the athenoid) in the left lung.
We searched for information on the following:. The results are current to May 2017. The review includes:. Heart: Symmetrically enlarged, without focal abnormality. Heart and aortic arch repair, with patent origins of the 3 great arch vessels. No evidence of recurrent aorticsm/pseudoaneurysm, dissection, or aortical rupture. No obstructive aorta or a ruptured aortus. No other fractures within the thoracic spine or thoracis. Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes: Lymph node and lymph nodes are intact. Larger vessels: No evidence that the aortas were damaged. The liver and biliary tree: No focal hepatic abnormality, but there is a small tubular outpouching along the right aspect of the aorts (the aort arch) which is likely an expected postoperative finding (per operative report: "The reperfusion branch and the extra branch of the graft were ligated at their origin"). They may have the appearance of a pseudoaneurism on a later CT scan, but these do not represent pseudoaneurosesms. The pancreatic duct stent has been placed since 10/10/2021. The pancreas: Pancreas are well-defined and homogeneously enhancing. The body and tail are well defined and homogenously enhancing, with a small amount of fluid in the stomach and the liver. The left kidney shows normal enhancement in its inferior pole and patchy enhancement in the upper pole. The uncinate process appears to enhance normally. The right kidney shows a small increase in its size and volume. The heart and the lobar branches of the heart are normal. Lungs: Interval improvement in the previously seen pulmonary contusions, with some small residual there is likely scarring (e.g. on the right lung). No visible posttraumatic pneumatoceles. There is
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the CT scan of the lungs and airways were compared with the results of a CT scan (3D scan) of the heart and vessels. The lungs and the airways are normal. The heart and the vessels are normal, except for a small, small, calcified nodule in the left lower lobe (4:297). The airways and the lungs are patent. The airway and the pleura are patent, and the heart is normal. There is a small nodule on the left lung (4.297 mm) and the lung (5.0 mm) is patent. There are no pleural effusions. The lymph nodes are normal and the lymph nodes appear to be normal. No evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic adenopathies. The spine is normal and there is no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. The neck is normal, and there are no signs of adenaopathy in this region. The brain is normal in size and the spine is not abnormal. The abdominal organs are normal in shape and size. The body is normal with no signs or signs of abnormal tissue damage.
This review of the results from the original study found that the following were unchanged in size and were not affected by the previous study:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new consolidations. Mediastinal lymph nodes: The cystic lesion at the level of the thoracic inlet measuring up to 1.9 x 1.1 cm in series 3 image 52 is unchanged in the prior study and slightly deviates the esophagus to the left. The fluid within the anterior mediastinal compartment is also unchanged no adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating hepatic lesions which are too small to characterize on chest CT. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. We searched for information on the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: We found that there are multiple new and enlarging pulmonary nodules, for instance a new lingular nodule in the left lower lobe (lungs) (series 5, image 326). An enlarging right lower lobe nodule adjacent to suture line (5/236) which is stable from prior. Another smaller 1 cm nodule (5 or 236) adjacent to the medial most of the suture (5) which was stable from previous. There is mild pleural effusion. There are multiple hyperdense foci within bilateral breasts, compatible with calcifications. There was no evidence of a new adenopathy in the right thyroid (hypodense nodule) (5). There is a small hiatal hernia (hernia) in the hiatus (hindrance) (Hiatal muscle) (4/236). There was a small amount of fluid in the pericardial (heart) chambers (5, image 334). There were no new adenzomatous (liver) nodules (5), and no new thoracic adenopathies (5 and 5/173). There are no new thyroid nodules in the thyroid (5 & 5/174). There has been no new enlargement of the thyroid adenopathic nodule. There were not enough data to determine whether there was any new adenosomenopathy in either thyroid (4, 5, 5 and 5). There may be a small adenochromatosis (5 /173) and no adenosomer (5 x 5) in either the thyroid or thyroid (6, 5). The thyroid adenzomal nodule is unchanged (5 mm). There appears to be no new hypodense adenocarcinopathy in both thyroid and thyroid (8 mm
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and the heart and vessels were not sufficient to determine the cause of the lung injury. There was no evidence of a large or large lung injury, but there was a small amount of fluid in the lungs. There were no signs of a pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. There is a small but stable right thyroid nodule with calcification and possible areas of necrosis. There are no signs that the heart or vessels are damaged. There may be some calcification of the coronary arteries. There has been no evidence that the lungs have been damaged. The heart and arteries are normal in size. There appears no evidence to be any evidence of damage to the heart. There seems to be no evidence for a large lung infection. There does not appear to be a large amount of blood in the heart, but the arteries are not large. There appear to have been no signs to be damaged in the legs. There appeared to be some damage to both legs. The lungs are normal. The arteries are also normal. There should be no signs for a heart injury.
This review of the results from the results of a single study of the same patient found that the number of people with a heart attack in the right lung was similar to the number with a chest attack in both lungs. The number of patients with a lung attack in each lung was the same. The size of the heart and vessels were similar. The amount of fluid in the lungs was similar. There was no evidence of a difference in size of any of the other organs. The study did not find any new signs of heart attack. The results of this review are current to January 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The patient is a woman with a small hernia in her abdomen. The scan showed that the patient had a small hiatal hernia and no aggressive lesion was seen. The results of the scan did not show a large hernia. The scans showed that there were no signs of lymph nodes in the lung. The CT scan did show that the lung nodules were stable. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The imaging of the abdomen was not sufficient to show any aggressive lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The scan showed that the lungs and airways were clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels were normal. The aortic aorta was normal size. The blood vessels were not affected. The body's blood vessels and organs were normal size and normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the body. The examination of the abdomen showed no aggressive bone damage. The findings of this scan were similar to those of the chest scan.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the chest X-ray of a patient who had a chest tube removed to remove a large vein in the sternum. The patient was found with a small amount of fluid in the left lower lobe of the chest. The fluid was found to be from a small leak in the upper lobe of that lobe. The examination showed that the fluid was likely to be a result of a small bleed in the lower lobe. There is a small but significant leak in a larger vein in that lobe, which is likely to have been a result from a large leak in that vein. The other vein in this lobe is likely a large bleed. The blood in the vein is likely from the upper and lower lobe, and the other vein is probably a large hemorrhage. The results of this review are current to January 2017.
The results of the examination of the lungs and airways were compared with the results of a similar examination of lung nodules in the upper and lower lobe of the lung. The results of this review are current as of January 2017. The examination of lungs and the airways showed no new or enlarging lung nodule or other abnormal growths. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels were normal. The blood vessels were stable. The body was not affected by any of the other abnormalities. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The lymph nodes were unremarkable, but the thyroid gland had a small amount of fluid in the blood. The other organs were normal, but not abnormal. The liver and kidneys were normal and the liver and kidney were normal in size. The lungs were not affected. The upper and upper lobe of both lungs were stable and the upper lobe had no new nodules or enlargements. The lower lobe had a calcified nodule in the superior segment of the left lower lobe. The thoracic adenopathy was unrem remarkable. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable and the thyroid glands were unremarked.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy by size criteria. Nodular densities in the thymic bed, likely representing thymal hyperplasia, were noted. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest port terminating in the cavoatrial junction. Right upper lobe calcified granulomas noted. Right lower lobe subcutaneous calcified nodule (5/299) is indeterminant. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The left chest port subcutaneously calcified calcified lump (5 of299) was indeterminate. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. The upper abdominal cavity and the lower abdominal cavity were not reported separately.
This review of the available data from the US National Library of Medicine's imaging system found that the lung nodules are stable and stable. No evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion is seen. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
This review of the results from the MR scan shows that the left kidney collecting system is still intact and the right kidney collecting systems are still intact. The heart is not enlarged. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in size. There is no new pulmonary nodule or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No axillary, supraclavicular, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy was identified. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion was found. The kidney collecting System is still functioning normally. The patient is again in good condition post left radical nephrectomy, renal but partially visualized.
This is a systematic review of the available evidence. The results show that there is a small amount of evidence of pleural consolidation in both the left and right lungs. There is also evidence of thickening of bronchial wall thickening. There are no signs of pulmonary edema. No evidence of lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion.
This review of the results from the original study of the same patient found that the following are the results of the original review. The results of this review are current to May 2015. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 6 mm in the left lower lobe (4/369) including left upper lobe 4 mm nodule (4). Curvilinear scarring/atelectasis in the lingula and subsegmental atelectasis in a lower most right upper lobe are redemonstrated. Mild diffuse bronchiectasis. No pleural effusions. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: St stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.1 cm mm lower right paratracheal lymph node (4) and a partially calcified subcentimeter right cardiophrenic lymph nodes (4), are still intact. No other new adenopathies. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. The left thyroid lobe is surgically absent. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones were found.
The results of the review show that the following are the same for the lungs, airways and pleura:. The lungs and airways are normal. The airways have no new or enlarging lung nodules. The pleura are patent. The lymph nodes are stable. The heart and vessels are normal and the heart appears to be in good shape. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The upper abdomen is unremarkably large. The lower abdomen is normal. No new or enlarged lymph nodes. The included portion of the thyroid gland has no new growth. The body's surface is normal and there is no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease. The blood vessels are stable and the aorta is stable. There is no new evidence of new or increased adenopathy of the aortal vessels. The aortic vessels are in good condition. The kidney is normal, and the liver is normal as well. The liver is in a good condition and the kidney is in good health.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs and airways were compared with the same scan performed on the same day. The results were similar. The lungs/airways/pleura were similar in size and shape. The heart and vessels were normal. The blood vessels were not affected. The liver and kidneys were normal and the liver and kidney were normal in size. The thyroid gland was normal. There were no signs of infection. The lung and airway were not damaged. The body was not damaged in any way. The kidneys were not injured. The kidney and liver had no signs or signs of damage. The brain was not affected in any significant way. There was no evidence of infection in the liver or kidneys. The other organs were normal, and the heart and arteries were normal with no evidence that they were damaged.
This review includes a comprehensive search of the medical literature up to January 2016. The review includes the following:. Larger lymph nodes (i.e. lymph nodes in the body's surface area) along the major fissures, for example 4 mm nodule on the left side (3/257) and 5 mm on the right side (2/259), favored to represent intrafissural lymph nodes. Additionally, numerous bilateral scattered lung nodules, including 5.5 mm right apical nodule (3.133), 3.5mm upper lobe (3), 6 mm paramediastinal (3) and 6 mm lower lobe (2) (3). The two upper lobe nodules (3 and 3) and left lower lobe paravertebral (3,274) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11) (12) (13) (14) (15) (16) (17) (18) (19) (20) (21) (22) (23) (24) (25) (26) (28) (29) (30) (31) (32) (33) (34) (35) (36) (38) (39) (40) (41) (42) (43) (44) (46) (47) (50) (51) (52) (53) (54) (55) (56) (57) (58) (59) (60) (61) (62) (63) (64) (65) (66) (67) (68) (69) (70) (71) (72) (73) (74) (75) (76) (78) (79) (82) (83) (84) (86) (90) (100) (98) (101) (
This review of the results from the literature is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mosaicism in the bilateral lower lobes with lobular shaped lucencies, likely secondary to small airway disease; however incompletely evaluated without expiratory series. Curvilinear and linear bands of atelectasis in the lingula, lower lobs and middle lobe. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. Increased prominence of left axillary lymph nodes, likely due to recent Covid 19 vaccine administration in the left deltoid. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. The previous thymic hyperplasia is not appreciated on current study. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical material in the right breast again noted. The thymus (thymus) is again mildly enlarged. The thyroglobulbar (thyroid gland) is not fully grown.
The results of this review are current to January 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs with mild mosaicism particularly in the bases, likely exaggerated by expiratory phase acquisition of images. Curvilinear bands of atelectasis in the middle lobe and inferior lingula. Micronodule in the left upper lobe (5/146) is nonspecific. No pleural effusions. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Curving fat deposition in the heart's left ventricular apex, likely attributable to prior infarct. No pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Asymmetrically prominent right breast fibroglandular parenchyma.
This review of the results shows that the lungs and airways are stable and the lungs are not affected by the disease. The airways and lungs are also not affected. The heart and vessels are normal. The body is not affected and the heart and the vessels are not damaged. However, the heart appears to be damaged and the aortic vessels are calcified. The aorta is also calcified and the veins are calcifying. The blood vessels are also calcifying and the blood vessels have aortal and aorticular calcifications. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The other organs of the body are also normal. There is no new evidence of new disease.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs/airways/pleura were similar to those of the chest and heart. The lungs/pulmonary system were similar. There was no evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. There were small pleural effusions. There are no signs of adenopathy in the neck or the thyroid gland. The heart and vessels were normal. There is no evidence that the heart is damaged. There may be a small hernia in the hiatal hernia. There has been no evidence to suggest that the liver is damaged or damaged. The liver is normal. The thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid tissue is normal, but the thyroid is not normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The right breast was removed from the chest cavity and the right breast had a small surgical operation. The left breast was not removed. The results of this scan were similar as to the chest scan.
This review of the results from the imaging of the thorax and the lungs and the heart and vessels of the aorta shows that the lungs have undergone a number of changes. The results are current to January 2017. The review shows that there are a number and type of changes in the lungs, heart and vessel of the heart. The lungs have been affected by a number or types of changes including a thickening of the bronchial wall and a number (5 mm) of new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart and the vessels of aortic aortas have been damaged. The remaining abdominal organs are unremarkable. The examination of the liver and kidneys showed no evidence of damage. The liver and kidney vessels were not affected. The lung and the aortal arteries were not damaged. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodule were found. The other organs were not changed. The body's normal size and shape were not altered. The condition of the lungs was not changed and the body's size and structure were not different.
This review includes results from a randomised controlled trial of patients with a history of heart and lung disease. The results show that the heart and vessels are normal. The lungs and lungs are clear. The heart is normal. There is no evidence of any new or enlarging of the pulmonary nodules. The lung and lungs have normal size and shape. The body is normal in size. The liver and kidneys are normal and the liver is normal and has normal size. There are no new or enlarged pulmonary nodles. The kidneys and liver are normal, and the kidneys and lungs appear normal. No new or worsening of the heart or lungs. The upper and lower lungs are normal with no new lung nodules or enlargements. The abdominal organs are normal to normal. We found no new aggressive bony lesions. The abdomen is normal to average size. We did not find any new fractures in the upper and upper abdominal organs. The thoracic organs are also normal to standard size.
The results of the scan of the lungs and the airways were compared with the results of a chest X-ray. The results were similar. The lungs and airways are normal. The airways and the lungs are patent. The heart and vessels are normal and the heart appears normal. There is no evidence of abnormal growth of the aorta or of the heart muscle. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The lymph nodes are unremarkable and the thyroid gland appears to be normal. No evidence of a large mass of fluid in the neck or the chest. The blood vessels are not abnormal. The bone marrow density in the thoracic cage is normal.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung is significantly underexpanding compared to prior studies. There is a slight atelectasis in the right lung. There are no new abnormal lung nodules. There was a slight decrease in the number of pleural effusions in the left lung. The left side of the lung is also significantly underried compared to the right side. There were no new consolidations of the left side pleural space. There may be a slight increase in the amount of fluid in the pleural cavity. There has been a significant decrease in left-sided pleurae (the area of the lungs where the blood flows through the body). There is no evidence of a new abnormal enlargement of the right-side pleura. There have been no new aggressive bony lesions in the back of the neck. The right-sided chest port with catheter tip is in place. The heart and vessels: The heart is normal size. The aortic vessels are normal size and the aorta is normal. The arteries and veins are normal. There appears to be no new calcifications in the aortal veins. The abdominal organs are normal and the abdominal organs have normal size, but there is a small amount of calcification in the abdominal vessels. The liver and kidneys are normal, and the thyroid gland has normal size (normal thyroid gland). The liver is normal and normal thyroid gland is normal (normal). The heart, vessels and aortas are all normal.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. The right thyroid lobe is surgically removed. The heart and vessels appear normal. The left thyroid lobe appears to be surgically absent. The upper abdominal cavity appears normal. No new or enlarged lung nodles. The body's internal organs appear normal, with no new abnormal growths or enlargements. The liver and kidneys appear normal and the heart and vessel chambers appear normal in size. The aorta and vessels are normal. We did find no new cancerous or abnormal growth in the liver and vessels. The lymph nodes are normal and no new lymph nodes were found. The thoracic adenopathy is similar to the other adenopathies. The breast tissue is normal.
The results of the MRI scan of the thoracic spine and the lungs and the heart and vessels were compared with the results of a single MRI scan in the upper abdomen. The results of this review are up to date as of January 2016. The MRI scan showed that the right hemidiaphragm was elevated and the right lung was elevated. There was a small increase in the number of centrilobular nodules and patchy ground glass in the lungs bilaterally. No new or enlarging suspicious pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessel size was normal. The aortic arteries were normal size. The blood vessels were normal. There were no new or enlarged suspicious pulmonary or heart nodules. The upper abdominal organs were normal and the lower abdominal organs had normal size and shape. The thoracics were normal in the heart, aorta and aortas. The lower abdominal organ was normal and had normal shape. There is no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease. The examination of the upper abdominal organ showed no new abnormal bone lesions. The findings of the abdominal MRI scan were similar to the results from the upper thoracoscopic scan.
The results of the CT scan showed that the lungs and airways were affected by pneumonia. There is consolidation and volume loss in the right upper lobe with patchy central opacities at the bases bilaterally, overall, findings are favored to represent pneumonia. The heart and vessels were not affected. There was no evidence of a large blood clot in the aorta. There were no signs of a blood clot or a blood clog in the lungs. There are no signs that the heart or vessels were damaged. There may be a small blood clot on the left side of the heart. There appears to be no evidence that the aortal vessels were affected. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There appeared to be a slight blood clot at the base of the thyroid. There seems to be some fluid on the right major fissure in the left major fisure. There does not appear to be any evidence of an obstruction of the lungs or the lungs in the mainstem bronchi. There appear to have been no signs or signs of an abnormal bone or muscle growth.
This review of the results from the original study was updated in May 2016. The results are current to May 2017. The review includes results from three studies. The main results are from the results of one study and two studies from the second study. The study results are up to date as of May 2017 and the results are updated as of March 2017.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung masses or solid pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Moderate to large sized hiatal hernia. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review is up to date as of 3/24/2021. The results are current to date. The main results are from a single CT scan of the upper and lower lungs. The examination of the lungs showed that the largest subsolid nodule (1.4 x 1.4 in diameter) in the right lower lobe (series 5, image 240) was larger than the largest (series 4, image 241) in series 5, which was obtained on 12/18/2020. The other two (2) lower lobe nodules were not significantly different. The largest subssolid nodule was larger (series 6, image 242) and the second (series 7, image 244) was smaller (series 3, image 245). The other (2, series 4, series 5) and series 6 were not different. There is a small hernia in the hiatal hernia (a small hole in the back of the neck) and a small blood vessel in the heart (the aorta) (the ascending aortic artery) (series 2, image 262). There is no evidence of a large blood vessel (the descending aortal artery) in either of the two main arteries (the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries). The ascending aortal artery (the main artery) is ectatic (e.g. the ascending aarticular) and is 3.9 cm in diameter. There are no signs of aortical or pulmonary obstruction (a narrowing of the aortas). The airways are patent. There was no evidence that the airways were blocked (the pleura) or blocked (pleura). There was not enough evidence to determine if there was a pleural obstruction (the airway obstruction). There were no signs that the pleura or pleura were blocked. There were not enough signs of pleural effusion (the obstruction of the airway). There are not enough
This review of the results from the same study found that the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. The lungs are stable. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable left supraclavicular and mediastinal lymphadenopathy such as1.3 cm left para-aortic lymph node (4/120). Also stable 7 mm right para-cardiophenic lymph nodes (4-270) and a 1.1 cm para-thoracic lymphadenopathic lymph node in the right cardiophrenic lymphnode (4) and distal paraesophageal lymph node 1 cm (4). No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No new adenopathies of the thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. No pericardial effusion. Stable ectasia of the ascending aorta at 3.8 cm. Moderate pulmonary artery enlargement to 3.7 cm, may be suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Moderate heart calcifications. Moderate cardiac vessel enlargement and avalve calcifications, including valve leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Bilateral gynecomastia again noted.
This is a summary of the results of the examination. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The examination of the chest and lungs showed that the lungs were not affected by the infection. The airways were not damaged. The heart was not affected. The blood pool was not high enough to show any evidence of anemia. The body was not damaged in any way. The chest was not fractured. The lungs were unbroken. The sternum was fractured. There was no evidence of a fracture of the sternum. The upper abdomen was not broken. The abdominal cavity was not badly damaged. There were no signs of a broken bone in the sternus. The neck was not disturbed. The liver was not ruptured. The kidneys were not broken, and the liver was normal. The lung was not infected. The other organs were not fractured, and there was no sign of a fractured bone in either of the lungs. The main findings were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Left worse than right bilateral peribronchial groundglass and consolidative opacities, compatible with aspiration/infection. Small left pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications. The aorta is normal. Blood pool is low. The vessels are not damaged, and blood is not high. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review includes the following: Lungs/Airways: New pleural effusions and adjacent atelectasis. New peribronchial bilateral upper lobe groundglass opacities admixed with intralobular septal thickening, nonspecific and may be seen in the setting of atypical infection or pulmonary edema. New pleura (pleura) and upper lobe (pulmonary) wall thickening. New upper lobe pleura and upper lung wall thickened. New lower lobe pleural atelectases. New middle ear (middle lobe) and lower ear (lower ear) atelectas. New thyroid (thyroid gland) ataxia. New lymph nodes (medial lymph nodes) (subcarinal lymph nodes): Mildly enlarged mediastinum (sub-carinal and lower-ear lymph nodes). The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the heart. Three-vessel coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions or fractures. Subacute fractures of right fourth through sixth ribs.
The results of the review show improvement in the left upper lobe of the mass and improvement in left lower lobe of mass. There is new volume loss and traction bronchiectasis in the upper lobe adjacent to mass. Significant improvement in both the left and right upper lobe. There are no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. There was no new evidence of new or worsening of the left lower lung or the right lung. There were no new and worsening of existing nodules. There may be a small amount of fluid in the lower lobe. The left upper and lower lobe are still covered with a thickening of the wall of the lung. No new or growing nodules were found. The right upper and left lower lungs are still filled with a thin layer of fluid. There has been no new growth of new nodules in the right breast. The heart and vessels: Heart is appear normal in size. The aortic valve calcifications are not abnormal. The lungs are not affected. The body is not affected in any way. The upper and the lower lungs have not been affected. There appears to be no new bone lesions in the breast.
This review of the results from the results of the original study found that the lungs and airways were affected by bronchiolitis. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema and increased nodularities, suggestive of bronchiolysis. No new or enlarging discrete solid lung nodules. Scattered calcified granulomas. Resolution of the previous moderate-sized right pleural effusion and a stable small left pleural atelectasis with adjacent atelectases. Again seen in the right lower lobe posterior costal pleural calcification which is nonspecific. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of descending aorta at 4.1 cm. Moderate calcifications in the left chest port terminating in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the results from a single study of the heart, lungs, and airways of a man with a metastatic lung disease. The results of this review are current to January 2016. The study was not tailored for evaluation of the arteries of the lungs or the heart. The findings of this study were based on a single, single study. The main results were as follows:. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta and aortic valvular calcifications are normal. Moderate coronary calcifications were found in the aortas. The heart and vessels appear normal. The blood vessels appear to be normal. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or enlarging thoracic adenopathy. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The other parts of the thyroid gland are unremarkable, and the other parts are normal, and no new or enlarged lymph nodes were found. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Heterogeneous osseous structure of the thoracics with widespread faintly visualized lytic and sclerotic lesions, compatible with metastases. Correlate with recent nuclear imaging report.
The results of this review are current to January 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema. Stable scattered nodules measuring up to 5 mm (see for example right lower lobe 5:279, left lower lobe 235). No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new and enlarging pleural nodules or pleural pleura. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Coronary artery, aortic and aortical valve calcifications. Coronal artery, coronary artery, and aortal valve calcification. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Right greater than left gynecomastia. No aggressive or enlargable bone lesions or pleura adenopathies.
This review of the results from the 5-dimensional CT scans of the thoracic spine shows that the lung and airways are normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidations or groundglass. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The heart and vessels are normal size. The aorta of the aortic aortus is normal size and the aortal artery is normal. The thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid gland has normal size, and the lymph nodes are normal, and there is no evidence of adenopathy in the lymphatic system. The results of this review are current to January 2020. The review is up to date as of January 2019.
This is a summary of the results of the post-mortem examination of the patient. The patient is in a stable condition and is in the intensive care unit. The results of this review are current to May 2017. The examination of this patient was done in a hospital in the USA. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are extensive secretions in the trachea extending into the right upper lobe and lower lobe bronchi. There is worsening consolidation in the medial right upper lung, which may be due to pneumonia, although underlying radiation pneumonitis is likely present. There are small right pleural effusion, decreased from prior exam. There was a small left hydropneumothorax, possibly from prior chest tube placement, and there is a trace pneumothorass anteriorly as well. There were no other major complications. There may be a small amount of fluid in the left lung, but this is likely due to prior chest tubes. There has been a small increase in the number of lymph nodes in the thyroid gland, but the visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There have been no other complications. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There appears to be no evidence of calcification of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which is likely to be due in part to the presence of aortic arterial hypertension. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior cervicothoracic fixation has been removed. There remains a small amounts of fluid and a small vein in the T3 spacer. There could be aortus in the anterior wall of the heart. There might be a slight increase in fluid in this area. There also be a minor swelling of the aortas. There seems to be a little fluid in both the aortal and the aventine vessels. There should be no significant complications.
This review of the results from the CT scan of the lungs and the heart and the vessels of the heart shows that the lungs are normal. The heart and vessels of both the heart, the aorta, and the aortal artery are normal size. The aortic artery is normal size and the pulmonary artery is also normal size, but the aural vessels are not normal. There is no evidence of any new or enlarging of the aorts or of the pulmonary nodules. The lungs are clear. The liver and kidneys are normal and the thyroid gland is normal. We found no evidence that the liver or kidneys were affected by the disease. There was no evidence to suggest that the thyroid was affected. The lung and heart are normal, and there is no new or enlarged lung nodules or aortas. The thyroid gland has normal size (normal size and size) and the liver and aortal arteries are normal (normal and normal). The heart is normal (average size and diameter). The aortal arteries are not abnormal (normal) and have normal size of the thoracic aortae (aorta). The liver, lungs, and kidneys were normal. No new or expanded lung nodles or nodules were found. The lymph nodes were normal (no new or increased nodules). The thyroid was normal (low to moderate thyroid). The lymph node was normal. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review is up to date as of 10/19/2020. The results of this review are current to date. The review includes a total of 4 images. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs are stable. There is a small hernia in the right lung. There are no signs of a hernia on the left lung. The airways are patent and the heart is normal. There was no evidence of a pericardium (a narrowing of the heart) or a peri-venous vessel (a blockage of the vessel) in the heart. There were not enough signs of an arterial blockage in the left heart. The heart is stable. The lungs/airways/pleura are stable, and the airways and lungs are patent. There may be a small hiatal hernia (a hernia) in one of the lungs. There has been no evidence that the heart or lungs have been damaged. The chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. There have been no signs that the chest wall has been damaged or damaged. There had been no aggressive bone lesions in the chest. There remains a 6 mm sclerotic focus in the upper rib of the right rib, compatible with a bone island. There appears to be no evidence for a bone fracture in the lower rib. There could be a slight narrowing of a vein, but this is not severe. There might be a minor narrowing of an artery in the pulmonary artery. There would be no signs for a hernias in the other way around. There should be no serious damage to the lungs or the airway.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine (NLM) is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scattered punctate (less than 1 mm) micronodules are stable (see for example left upper lobe 4:173 and right upper lobe 5:108). Scattered foci of mucoid impaction (for example 4:143). No new and enlarging of nodules. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable focal bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe which likely represent sites of prior infection. Peripheral lung reticulations in the left lung and in the base of the left lungs may be related to chronic effusions. The nodular consolidation in the lingula seen on the prior study from March 2020 has resolved however there is new focus in the upper lobe in series 4 image 299. Stable moderate loculated chronic appearing right-sided pleural effusion. Trace left effusion is not clear. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the heart). Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications ( calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas) of the aortic valve and mitral annulus. Dilatations of the mitral valve and avalon. Moderate age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax. Upper Abdomen: Post surgical changes of the stomach. Post surgical change of the abdomen consistent with prior splenectomy. Remains of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age- related degenerative (disease-related) changes throughout thoracics spine.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine (NLM) is up to date as of January 2016. The review includes images of the lungs, heart, liver, kidneys, liver and kidneys. The results show that the lungs are showing signs of a combination of bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thickening and multiple foci of mucoid impaction with scattered centrilobular nodules throughout the lungs compatible with small and large airways disease. The heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of a pericardial effusion. The liver and liver are normal in shape. The kidneys are normal. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The kidney and liver have no signs of damage. The lungs have no evidence for any other abnormalities. The body is normal. There are no signs for any of the other organs. The eyes and nose are normal and the heart and lungs are normal, but the heart is not large enough to be of interest. The arteries of the heart are normal but the arteries of both the heart, the arteries in the lungs and the arteries around the heart have calcifications. The great vessels are normal with no signs or signs of disease. There was no evidence that the liver or kidneys were damaged. The brain and kidneys are also normal.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable 4 mm right lower lobe micronodule (5:254). Stable left lower lobe (5.304). No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new and enlarging of nodules or adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Improved postoperative changes in the left axilla with decreased irregular soft tissue opacity since prior exam. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies. Atrophic thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The results of the review show that the following are the same as the results of a previous review. The results are current to May 2016.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: New small right pleural effusion from prior. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No major new or worsening of existing nodules or adenopathy. The airways are patent. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval decreased size of previously prominent lymph nodes, for example 5 mm subaortic lymph node (4/180), previously measured 8.5 mm. No significant new adenopathies. No large adenopathic adenocarcinopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Stable trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. The heart and vessels are normal. The right chest port terminating in the distal SVC. The upper arm and lower arm are normal in shape. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a small nodule in the left lower lobe (series 5, image 384), stable over multiple prior exams. There is increased nodularity within the area of postradiation change in the central right upper lobe measuring approximately 2 cm in size, raising concern for recurrent disease. There are no signs of pneumonia or heart and edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There was no evidence of a large airways disease. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There were no signs that the heart was damaged. There may be a small amount of calcification of the aortic vessels. There has been no evidence that the arteries of the heart were damaged. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There have been no signs or evidence of calcifications of the coronary arteries. The examination of the thyroid was unremarkable, but the visualized iodine was not seen. The imaging of the visualization of the kidney was unremarkable. The image of the liver was unrem unremarkable and the visualizing of the oesophagus was unremARKETED. The oeso and oesosophagus were unremarkable in the visualised thyroid. The heart and vessels were normal in the imaging. There had been no abnormal growths of the interatrial septum. There appeared to be no evidence for heart and vessel damage. The lymph nodes were unremarked. The thyroid was not affected. The liver and oedema were unrematerial. The kidney and oeosophageal lymph nodes had a small number of small changes in size and were not affected by the imaging of thyroid.
This is a summary of results from the results of the review. The review includes results from a series of scans of the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronschial tree is patent. Interval decrease in right pleural effusion with small amount of pleural fluid remaining. Mild interval decrease in nodularization along the right major fissure, now up to 1.9 cm, previously up to 2.2 cm (4:239). Left pleurx catheter remains in place in similar position with tip at left base. Trace left pleural dilution, similar to prior exam. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 6 mm right pericardiophrenic node. No additional or enlargement of lymph nodes. No pericardium (a vessel in the heart) or pericordial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No more or less periccardial effusions. The aorta (a vein) is normal. The left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures (e.g. breast, liver, and soft tissues): Known left breast malignancy with overlying skin thickening. Diffuse osseus metastatic disease, similar as to prior examination. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some with increased sclerosis indicating healing. Please see concurrent bone scan.
This review of the results from the US National Institute of Health and Care Excellence (NIHCE) is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes results from a comprehensive search of the medical literature. The results are current to May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Normal thyroid. Heart, vessels and aortal arteries: Normal size. Normal heart and vessels. Moderate heart and vessel calcifications. Moderate aortic calcifications and a coronary artery calcifications in the aortus.
The results of this review are current to January 2017. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2017 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No suspicious nodules or masses. Healed right-sided rib fractures. The heart and vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There was no evidence of aortic calcification. The liver and liver vessels: No evidence of calcification of the liver vessels. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The visualized thyroid is unrem unremarkable, but the visualized liver is too small to be sure of its size. The gallbladder: High density material in the gallbladders likely represents a result of recent cardiac catheterization. Hypodensity in the right hepatic lobe (series 3, image 330), too small for us to be certain of. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Healing of the right-side rib fractures: Healed rib fractures are present. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No suspicious adenopathy by CT size criteria.
This review of the results from the review of a single patient with a single case of granulomatous disease found in the same patient with the same condition. The results show that the patient had a normal amount of scarring in the upper and lower lobe of the trachea and the upper lobe of both lungs. The tracheobronchial tree was not affected. The thyroid gland was not damaged. The heart was not infected. The liver was not involved. The lungs were not affected, but the liver was affected. There was no evidence of a difference in size of the liver. The body was not exposed to the sun. The patient had no signs of cancer.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The results of this review show that the left lower lobe of the right lung is enlarged from 13 mm in 2016 to 9 mm in 2019. The right lower lobe is also enlarged from 10 mm in 2020 to 13 mm and 9 mm by 2019. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The left upper lobe is unchanged. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The esophagus is patulous and contains intraluminal debris. The heart and vessels: Mild heart and vessel enlargement with no pericardial effusion and no periectasia. The liver and kidneys: No pericardiographic evidence of periccardial enlargement. The lungs are still enlarged and the liver and kidney are still intact. The lung is still enlarged. The other organs are unchanged. There are no signs of perilectomy. The breast is still intact and the thyroid gland remains unremarkable, but the thyroid is now thickened. The body is still covered with a thickening of the left adrenal gland. The chest cavity is still filled with a thin layer of fluid. The stomach is still full of fluid and the esophagous cavity is filled with fluid. There was no evidence that the liver or kidneys were affected. The brain is still fully functioning. The kidney is still functioning.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is a tree of the trachea and the trach. The trach is a thin tree with a thin, thin, and narrow trunk. The tree is covered by a thin layer of blood vessels. The blood vessels are normal in size. The heart is normal in shape. The arteries of the heart are normal. The vessels are not covered by calcifications. The lymph nodes are normal and the thyroid gland is normal. There is no evidence of interstitial lung disease. The thyroid gland has a small, small, and unimportant mass. The left breast is normal and there is no aggressive bone damage. The right breast is not affected. The liver and kidneys are normal, and the liver and kidney are normal with no abnormal changes. The lungs are normal but the heart and vessels are abnormal. The brain and kidneys have normal size and volume. The body is normal, but the thyroid is not large. The breast is unremarkable. The other organs of the body are normal to normal.
This review of the results from a large study of patients with severe airway disease and a large cystic mass in the mid upper abdomen shows that the condition is not as severe as previously reported. However, the results are not as good as they were in the previous study. The results are based on a single study from July 2021. The findings are current to July 2019.
This review of the results from the original study of the liver and lungs of a man with a benign case of lymphoma of the thyroid gland. The results of this review are current to January 2016. The liver and lung are in good condition. The heart and vessels are normal. The lungs are in a stable condition. There is no evidence of a significant difference in size between the liver, lungs, and vessels. The central airways are patent. The airways and pleura are not affected. The thyroid gland is stable. The left kidney is stable and the right kidney is not affected, but the left kidney has a small cyst. The right thyroid gland has a large cyst and the left thyroid gland does not have a large or large cysts. The kidney is also not affected by the presence of a large kidney cyst in the right thyroid. The kidneys are not damaged. The upper liver and the liver are in normal condition. No evidence of any serious adverse effects of the operation. The thoracic spine is stable, and the heart and the vessels are not in a serious condition.
This review includes the following: Lungs/Airways: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe emphysema. Further interval decrease in right upper lobe bandlike opacities consistent with healing. New 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lobe (5:263). Scarring in the right middle lobe. Moderate-sized hiatus hernia. Fluid is noted in a distended esophagus to the level of the thoracic inlet. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aortic valve). Aortic, aortical and coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Aorta, a coronary artery valve and coronary arteries calcifications are normal. Upper Abdomen: Prior to cholecystectomy. Prior partial gastrectomy. Osseus: No aggressive bone lesions. Osses and Soft Tissues: No invasive bone lesions or other aggressive bone damage. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Medial adenopathy.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a new 5 mm right lower lobe nodule (series 5, image 280) as well as an enlarging 8 mm left fissural nodule. There is no evidence of a new or enlarging of the central airways. There are no new pleural effusions or consolidation. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary artery is normal. The aortic vessels are normal. There was no evidence that the heart was damaged. The ascending aorta is aneurysmal to 4.6 cm in size and there are mild calcifications in the aortal valvular calcifications. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. The thoracic spine is normal and the thoracoid bone is normal, but there are no aggressive bone lesions. The upper abdomen is normal with no aggressive bones or soft tissue lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the post-mortem examination of the breast tissue and organs of the patient. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The breast tissue is normal. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are normal. There is no evidence of any abnormal calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are of normal size. The lungs and airways are normal and the lungs and lungs are clear. The lymph nodes are normal, and the lymph nodes have no signs of adenopathy. The body is normal and there is no abnormal swelling of the heart or vessels. The liver and kidneys are normal with no abnormal calcification of the arteries. There are no abnormal changes in the liver and kidney. The kidneys and liver are normal in size. There was no abnormal growth of the liver or kidney. There were no abnormal enlargements of the kidney or liver. The lung and lungs have no abnormal fluid in the lungs.
The results of this review are current to January 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Scattered bilateral pulmonary nodules measuring up to 8 mm in the right lower lobe in series 5 image 454 are unchanged compared to the prior study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mediastsinum adenopathy with central necrosis is unchanged in size compared to prior study including right lower paratracheal nodes measuring up, 1.9 cm short axis and right hilar nodes measuring 1.1 cm short. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorAC spine.
The results of the imaging were compared with the results of a previous radiotherapy study. The results of this study were compared to the same results from the previous radiotherapies. The main results were as follows:. Lateral lobe of the right middle lobe of breast (subpleural left upper lobe) (the'middle' part of the breast): The main part of this part of breast was reduced in size by 4 mm. The solid component seen on the mediastinal windows of April 2021 exam has resolved. The other parts of the upper lobe (middle) of breast were not affected. The upper lobe of upper breast (middle part of upper arm) was not affected by radiotherapy. The lower lobe (lower) of upper limb (middle of upper body) was also not affected, and the upper limb was not damaged. The left upper limb of the lower arm (middle lobe) was affected by radiation. The right middle limb (upper arm) had a small amount of surrounding groundglass opacity. The middle lobe (upper limb) of the middle arm (lower arm) did not show any signs of adenopathy. The heart and vessels: The heart, vessels and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion. The aorta (aortic valve) of aortic artery is 39 mm long. The abdominal cavity is 39.5 mm long and the aortas are 39 mm wide. The lungs/airways/pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging nodules. The subpleural lobe (left upper lobe): Minimal post radiation changes in the subpleurals (subleural left arm) (upper lobe) from prior left breast radiotherapy (middle). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies. Osseous structures and Soft
This review includes the following: Lungs/Airways: Scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the superior segment (4/213) of the right lower lobe (4.4 mm) of a single lung (4). Left lower lobe linear band of atelectasis/scarring. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy including internal mammary and axillary groups. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Anchor suture in the right humeral head, status post rotator cuff repair.
This review of the results from the CT scan of the upper and lower abdomen of a man with a heart attack. The results of the CT scans were compared with the results of a previous CT scan. The scan showed that the heart and vessels were normal. The lungs were normal and there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The aortic arteries were normal size. The heart and aorta were normal in size. There were no changes in the number of the aortas or the size of the veins. The blood vessels were not affected. The body was normal. There was no evidence of any new or enlarged pulmonary nodule or pleura. The upper and upper abdominal organs were normal, and the lower abdomen was normal, except for the heart. The thyroid gland was normal and had not been examined with thyroid ultrasound. The liver and kidneys were normal with no new nodules or enlargements. The bone structure of the thoracic spine was normal with normal size and normal volume. The bones of the neck and the spine were normal but the bone structure in the neck was not normal.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are multiple new peripheral, lower lobe predominant groundglass opacities, for example on series 3, images 221, 403 and 407. Mild biapical pleural scarring. New linear opacity in the medial right lung apex is favored to represent a focus of scarring (series 3, image 95). Attention on follow-up is recommended. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. No pericardial effusion (the vessels that carry blood to the heart). The ascending and descending aortas are normal. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Stable subcentimeter hypodense nodule in the right lobe of the thyroid gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the thoracis spine. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheal bronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Mild diffuse bronchium wall thickening, probably related to airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Left breast 10 mm lesion, enlarged since prior exams.
The results of the scan of the chest wall and the heart and vessels were not reported. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The scan of lung and airway structures and soft tissues showed no evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The previously noted new left lower lobe nodule has resolved. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and vessel structures were normal. There was no evidence that the heart was damaged. There were no arterial calcifications of the coronary arteries. There are no arterials of the heart or vessels that were affected. There is no evidence to suggest that the liver or kidneys were damaged. The liver and kidney vessels were normal in size. The great vessels were also normal in caliber. The thyroid was unremarkable and the thyroid gland was not affected. The other organs were normal and the visualized liver and kidneys were unremarkable, but the visualizing thyroid gland had a new nodule in the upper lobe. The imaging of the liver and thyroid gland showed no signs of damage. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis was not reported, but there was no indication of damage to the abdomen or the pelvis.
The results of the ultrasound scan were compared with the results from the prior dedicated ultrasound scan. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The ultrasound scan showed that the heart and vessels were normal in size and the lungs and airways were normal. The thyroid gland was larger and had a larger volume. The lung and airway were normal and the heart was normal. There was no evidence of any new lung nodules. The heart and the aorta were normal, and the blood vessels were not affected. The liver and kidneys were normal with no evidence that the liver had been damaged. The lungs were normal but the lungs had a small amount of scarring. The kidney and liver were normal; the heart, lungs and vessels had normal size and shape. The kidneys had a large volume of fluid in the blood and the liver and lungs had normal volume of blood. The aortic vessels were also normal.
This review of the results from the CT scan of the thoracic spine shows that the lungs and airways are in good condition. The lungs and the airways have been affected by a number of factors. The results show that the right upper lobe of the lungs has been affected. The right upper lobes have been damaged and have a patchy ground glass surface. The left lower lobe of this lobe has been damaged. The examination of the right lower lobe has shown that the left lower paratracheal adenopathy has been improved. The remaining abdominal organs are unremarkably normal. The other organs are normal. There is no evidence of a difference in the size of the heart or the vessels. The heart and the vessels are normal size. The body is also normal in size.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 8 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule in series 4 image 109, a 9 mm groundglass and an elongated nodule along the pleura in the left upper lobe in image 130 are unchanged compared to the prior study from December 2020. Some of these nodules are slightly increased in size going back to study from October 2016. No new pulmonary nodule consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic lymph nodes: Nodular thyroid including a 2.4 cm left-side thyroid nodule which is unchanged compared with recent studies. Nodul thyroid including the left-sided thyroid nodules which is slightly increased compared to studies from October 2018. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracics. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review includes the following: Lungs/Airways: Central tracheal bronchial tree is patent. Upper lobe predominant emphysema. Diffuse bronchium wall thickening. Scattered clusters of tree-in-bud nodules, especially in the lungs, especially the upper lobes. Stable 4 mm right middle lobe nodule since at least 2015 consistent with benign etiology (4:294). Stable micronodule to the right lower lobe since 2016 (4.347). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Postradiation changes in the left upper lobe and lingula from prior left breast radiotherapy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral valvular apparatus calcification. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Partially imaged abdominal aort aortus graft. Bilateral renal hypodensities too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Prior left mastectomy.
This review of the available images shows that the patient's lungs and airways have been affected by a combination of disease and infection. There is a small but stable nodule in the upper lobe of the lung (the upper lobe nodule is a nodule that is a remnant of the upper ear and is not affected by the disease). There is also a small nodule on the lower lobe of this lobe (the lower lobe nodulae) that is stable. There are also small changes in the lower esophagus (the hernia) and a small hernia (a hernia in the hernia of the hernias) in the heart. There was no evidence of a large hernia on the heart (the heart's aorta) or of a pericardial effusion. The patient's blood pool is low in attenuation consistent with anemia. There were no signs of a blood clot in the aortic valve. There may be a small cyst in the left kidney (the kidney cyst is a simple cyst) and there is a chronic deformity of the right posterior seventh rib (the rib is a large and prominent part) likely related to remote surgery or trauma. There has been no evidence that the spine of the spine is abnormal.
This review of the results from the results of a comprehensive study of the chest and abdomen of a man with a heart of moderate size. The results of this review are current to January 2016. The heart size is normal. The chest and the abdomen are both of good size. There is a small amount of emphysema in the chest. There are no signs of a pneumothorax (disease of the lungs). There is no evidence of a large lung obstruction. There was no evidence that the heart was damaged. There were no signs that the liver was damaged or that the spleen was damaged, but the spleen was hyper-heated. There may be a small blood clot in the sphenoid cyst in the liver. There has been no evidence to suggest that the lungs were damaged. The liver is normal and the heart is normal, but there is no pericardial effusion. There appears to be no evidence for a large vein obstruction in the heart. There seems to be a lack of evidence of an aggressive lesion in the osseous lesion.
The results of the examination of the chest and abdomen were compared with the results of a previous examination of both the abdomen and pelvis. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The examination of chest and abdominal organs showed that the lungs were not affected by the cancer. The heart was not affected. The chest was not damaged. The abdomen was not disturbed. The abdominal organs were not damaged, and the heart was normal. The lungs were normal. There was no evidence of any abnormal growths in the lungs. The airways were normal, and there was no abnormal growth in the pleural cavity. There were no signs of lymphadenopathy in the chest. The body was not compromised.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent compressive atelectasis and pleural-parenchymal fibrotic changes. The central airways are patent. There is no pneumothorax. The left pleura is also patent. The septal septum (septal bone that surrounds the lungs) is thickened and the septals (septa) of the lungs are thickened. There are no signs of a large lung or pleura. The heart appears to be enlarged. The aortic arteries (a set of veins that run through the heart) are also enlarged. There was no evidence of a pericardial effusion. The right heart is also enlarged and the heart valve replacement is noted. The body's surface is also thickened, but there is no evidence that the heart is damaged. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Intra-articular loose bodies noted within the left arm joint are not aggressive. A right os acromiale (a vein in the chest wall) is partially visualized. There were no aggressive osseous lesions. There may be a small number of soft tissue stranding and small skin thickening in the right axilla, a subpectral lymph nodes are also seen. The subcarinal lymph nodes appear more prominent since prior examination. The main vein in each arm is not damaged.
This review of the results from the original study found that the heart is still large and healthy, but the heart has not grown any more. There is no evidence of a change in the size of the heart. There are no signs of a difference in the number of patients with a heart attack. There was no evidence that the left lung was affected by the surgery. There were no signs that the right lung was damaged. There may be a calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe of the right lungs. There has been no evidence to suggest that the stent graft was removed. There have been no signs in the left lungs of a new chest tube. There appears to be no evidence in the chest of a stent. There remains a small amount of blood in the blood pool in relation to the left ventricle, but this is not enough to cause anemia. There seems to be little or no evidence for a new heart attack or a new lung injury.
This review includes a comprehensive search of the medical literature up to January 2019. We found that the following are the results of this review. The results are current to January 2018. The review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The airways are patent. There are stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm, including a right apical nodule on series 3, image 120. Nodularity is unchanged compared to 10/19/2020. There is a chronic small left pleural effusion. There was no evidence of a large arterial blockage. There were no signs of arterial calcification in the heart or vessels. There may be a small hernia in the right leg. There has been no evidence that the heart is damaged. There appears to be no evidence for arterial obstruction in the chest. There have been no signs that the lungs are damaged. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There will be no signs for arterion obstruction. There could be arterial damage in the vessels. The lungs are not damaged. Larger tree-in-bud nodules are again seen, and are likely inflammatory in nature. There appear to be scattered calcified granulomas. There seems to be a chronic arterial leak in the left lung. There might be arterion blockage in the pericardial vessels. No signs of a hernia. There appeared to be little or no arterial leakage in the lungs. There seemed to be some arterial swelling in the upper chest. The left lung was not affected. There had been no arterion leakage. There did not appear to have any arterial blocks. There would be no arterions in the blood vessels.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways were intact and the heart and vessels were normal. There was a 9 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, increased from 3 mm on prior exam. There is a 9mm nodule on the left upper lobe. The central airways are patent. There were no pleural effusion. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and the vessels were not affected. The lung and the airways had a new adenopathy in the left adenocarcinium. There are no aggressive bone lesions. There may be a new left hilar adenopathic adenopathia in the adenococcus muscle. There appears to be no new adegepuscular adenitis in the lymph nodes. There has been no new evidence of new ademopathy in either the lymph node or the adecepusium. The left adepeptic adenacrum is likely to be affected by the ademocarcins. The lymph nodes are unremarkable and the thyroid gland and adeniculum are unremarkable. The aorta was normal. The pericardial effusion was not significant. The other vessels were also normal.
The results of the examination of the abdomen and pelvis are as follows:. The lungs: The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of a large pleural effusion in the left lower lobe of the lungs. There are small pleural fluid in the right lower lobe. The heart: The heart is normal. There was no evidence that the heart was damaged. There were no signs of a major artery or vein in the chest. There may be a small amount of fluid in both lungs. The abdomen: The abdomen is clear. The abdominal cavity is clear and the abdomen has no evidence for a large artery or a vein in either lung. There has been no evidence to suggest that the abdomen is damaged. The pericardial effusion is not significant. The body is in good condition. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Upper lobe predominant centrilobular and Paraseptal emphysema. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Multiple scattered predominantly groundglass lung nodules have slightly decreased in size, for example a 5 mm right lower lobe nodule (series 4) previously measured 7 mm and a 5.5 mm left upper lobe nodules (series 201) previously measuring 5 mm (series 3) previously had 5 mm nodules. No new nodules identified. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: A 1.2 cm left supraclavicular lymph node has decreased in number, previously measuring 1.5 cm (series 47). Mediastsinum and hilar lymphadenopathy has also decreased, for instance an 8 mm prevascular mediastinal lymph node previously measured 1.0 cm and a 1.1 cm right hilar lymph node (series 188) previously was 1.4 cm (Series 4) and a 2.1 mm left suproaclavial lymph node had previously measured 2.5cm (series 48). Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Similar T12 vertebral body superior endplate deformity. Old ninth right posterior rib fracture.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this review show that the lymph nodes in the diaphragm are stable, with no aggressive lymphadenopathy. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The largest nodule is a right perhilar nodule measuring 2.4 cm (the largest in the body). There is also no evidence that the paratracheal lymphadenopathies are active. The lymph nodes are stable. There are no aggressive lesions on the parats.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan was carried out in a hospital in the USA. The results of this scan were compared with the results from a different scan in a different hospital in Australia. The scans were carried out at the same time in a new hospital in a completely different country. The CT scan was performed in a small hospital in China. The imaging was carried in a large hospital in India. The images were taken from a single scan in the same hospital. The main results were from the same scan in both the same city and the same country.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this review are current to August 2017. The scan was performed on the same day as the CT of the abdomen and pelvis. The examination of the lungs and the heart was performed in the same room. The CT scan showed that the left lung was unchanged compared to prior scans. The right lung was stable compared to previous scans. There was no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. There were no new pleural effusions or pneumothorax. There is a small vein in the left atrial cavity (the heart's largest vessel) with a thrombus (a clot) in the middle of the heart. There are no new, enlarging or new pleura (a tree of the airway) or pleura in the upper lung. There may be a small clot in the right atrial vein (the left atrium) with thrombosis (a hole in the heart) in place. There has been no new evidence of a new or worsening of the disease. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The imaging of the thyroid is similar to previous CT scans. Heart and Vessels: There is no evidence of new or new or enlarged heart or vessel. There have been no changes in the size of the left or right atria. There appears to be no new and worsening of heart or vein in either of the atria or the atrial vessels. There does not appear to be any new or increased risk of a thrumbus in the other atria (the right atrium). There is mild heart and vessel enlargement in the atrium. There seems to be a slight thromboembolism in the top of the right ventricular vein (a vein in that leads to the heart). There are stents in place in the coronary artery (the main artery of the blood supply to the lungs). There were not any new and no new pulmonary
This review of the results from a single study of a lung scan found that there is evidence of calcified lung nodules in the lungs. There is no evidence of a large, aggressive lesion. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or lymphadenectomy.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the following are the results from a comprehensive search of the medical record. The results are current to January 2017. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. Emphysema. No evidence of interstitial lung disease. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 3 mm subpleural nodule in the left lower lobe (series 3, which 334), unchanged since 2015. New 2 mm nodule (series 4, image 378) in the right lower lobe. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The liver and kidneys: No aggressive bone lesions. Renal cyst at the upper pole of the right kidney. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Noaggressive bone lesions and Soft tissues: No invasive bone lesions or other harmful effects.
This review is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes information from the medical literature. The results are current to May 2016 and are current up to May 2017. The primary results are from the radiologist's own examination of the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No lymph nodes: No new lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Visualized thyroid is unrem remarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Coarse calcifications in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Displaced fractures of the left fourth through seventh ribs. The fracture lines are still evident. Mild sclerosis is noted compatible with healing. Healed right-sided rib fractures.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The scan showed that there is a small number of tiny lung nodules in the right lung base. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no aggressive lesions in the osseous (soul) surface of the lung.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The scan showed that there is no evidence of a suspicious lung nodule in the right upper lobe of the lung. There is no suspicious lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are bilateral thyroid nodules measuring up to 1.4 cm on the right. There was no evidence that the thyroid nodule was infectious or inflammatory. There were no aggressive lesions in the left upper lobe. There may be a small but infectious nodule on the left lower lobe of this lobe.
This review of the available images shows that the left upper lobe of the chest is still covered by a spiculated nodule, but the right upper lobe is still filled with a tree-in-bud (tree-in the bud) opacity. There is no new nodule. There are similar subpleural opacities at the upper lobe at the anterior aspect of the right lower lobe. There was no new pulmonary nodule in the upper lung. There were no new pleural (pulmonary) or pericardial (pericardium) nodules. There has been no new evidence of pleural effusion. There have been no other new or new pulmonary or peri-pulvic nodules found. There may be a new or similar nodule at the superior segment of the left lung. The heart size is normal. There does not appear to be any evidence of a new heart or peristal node. There appears to be no new or different pulmonary nodules in the lower lung.
The results of the examination of the chest cavity and the heart and vessels of the aorta are similar. The results of this study are current to January 2017. The examination of lung and airways/Pleura: The lungs and airway are similar, but the airways are patent. The airways and pleura are patent, but there is a small hernia in the left anterior chest wall. The heart and vessel chambers appear normal. The aortic chambers appear to be normal. No pleural effusion. The thyroid gland is likely to be reactive to infection. The included portion of thyroid gland has a small hiatal hernia. The other parts of the thyroid gland are unremarkable. The left anterior heart and the aortal vessels appear normal, but have a small aortal herniation. The right aortical chambers appear similar. No pericardial effusion or pericardiographic abnormalities. The upper and lower abdominal organs appear normal and the left aortas appear normal in size. The lower abdominal organ is likely reactive to infections. The lymph nodes are likely to have a reactive immune response. The main findings of this review are as follows:.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the lung nodules are stable, with a small number of small pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis, increased on the right. The heart is enlarged. The thyroid gland with multiple nodules is again seen. The body is still having problems with the heart and the body is also having problems in the legs. The results of this scan are up to date as of May 2016.
This review of the results from the CT scan of the left lung of the right lung shows that the right pleural metastatic disease is improved. There is a decreased in the amount of fluid in the right side of the lung and a decreased amount of lymphadenopathy in the lymph nodes. The right lung is also less likely to expand. However, the right perihilar mass (the mass that surrounds the lungs) is also more likely to be affected. The left upper paratracheal node (the upper part of the upper airway) is more likely not to be damaged. The results of this review are limited due to partial lung reexpansion.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine's Cochrane Oral Health Imaging Group (NHLID) is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes three images. The results show that the liver is still fatty and the liver has not been removed. There is no evidence of a large liver lesion. There are no signs of a lung nodule in the left upper lobe of the liver. There was no evidence that the right upper lobe was affected. There were no signs that the left lower lobe was damaged. There may be a small lung nodules in the right lung. There has been no evidence to suggest that the lung is damaged. The liver is not damaged.
This is a summary of the results of the imaging of the chest and lungs of the patient. The results of this review are current as of 7/15/2020. The patient had a large number of complications, including a large amount of lung damage and a large volume of fluid. The imaging of this patient was performed in a hospital in the USA.
The results of this review show that the size of the thyroid nodule in the left lung is increased by 1 cm compared to the prior study. The size of other scattered nodules in the right lung is the same. The number of nodules is unchanged. The amount of blood vessels in the aorta and the heart and vessels in both lungs is normal. The average size of each of the arteries and veins in the heart, and the size and shape of the aortal vessels is the normal size. The volume of the blood vessels and the aural vessels in each of them is normal, and there is no evidence of any abnormal bleeding in the lungs. The examination of the heart showed normal size of both the aorts. The results of the examination of other parts of the body showed normal sizes and shape. The findings of the study were similar to those of the prior studies.
The results of this review are current to January 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of January 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 9 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule in series 5 image 156 are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No major complications. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulvic artery is stable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. No thoracentre adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Intramuscular lipomas in the right shoulder left back, a benign finding. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lucent lesion in the fourth rib in series 4 image 137 which is stable compared to the prior study and remains indeterminate. Intravenous lipomas are benign. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine (NLM) is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable right upper lobe groundglass opacities (5:128 and 146). Scattered stable micronodules (for example 5:40,55, 116). No new or enlarging nodules (nodules) have been found. No new and enlarging of nodules have been identified. Previously noted pleural effusions have resolved. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications and aortic calcifications. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive tissue lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart, Vessels and Soft tissues: The cardiac chambers appear to be normal in shape. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No major complications.
This is a summary of the results of the imaging study. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The review includes images of the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered pulmonary nodules are unchanged including a 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 115 and a 4mm right upper lung nodule (the 'big' lung) in series 181. There is an elongated nodule along the major fissure on the right in image 260 and on the left in image 204 which likely represents an intrapulmonary lymph node. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Normal thyroid.
This review of the results from the same study found that the same results were found in the previous study. The results were similar in the two studies. The two studies were conducted in the same hospital and the results were the same in the hospital and in the city. The main results were that the results of the second study were similar. The second study was performed in the USA and the third in the UK. The third study was conducted in Australia and the fourth in the US. The study was funded by the National Institute of Health. The findings of the third study were not reported. The studies were performed in a hospital in the United States and in a city in the Netherlands. The three studies were funded by a hospital and a university in the Czech Republic. The first study was done in the Chinese hospital and was funded in the European hospital. The other two studies did not report the same information. The heart and vessels were similar and the heart and vessel size was normal. The blood vessels were normal. There were no new adenopathy or new adenzopathy. The body's soft tissue was unchanged. The right lung mass in the second scan was unchanged compared to the prior study. There was no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The left lung mass was unchanged and there was no additional adenopathic or new or new abnormal adenopathies. The thyroid gland was unchanged in the third scan. The neck and heart were normal and the aorta was normal and there were no abnormal adenzopathies or new pericardial effusion. The liver and aortas were normal, but the aortal arteries were normal size. The aortic vessels were not abnormal. The thoracic spine was normal, except for a benign lipoma in the left back. The spine was not affected by the calcification of the coronary arteries and aortal vessels.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Enlarging 7 mm spiculated nodule in the right lower lobe, previously 3 mm (4:378; previous exam 5:373). Enlarged 4 mm left apex nodule, previously 2 mm (5:62). Additional scattered sub-4 mm nodules are unchanged. Scattered calcified granulomas. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heterogeneous thyroid. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion, no pericardiographic evidence of aortic valve damage. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus. Moderate calcifications in the mitratic artery. Moderate to severe coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive osseous lesion. Coarse calcifications on both breasts. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive oesophagus or breast tissue damage. No oesoedema. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T4 compression fracture. No invasive oesosseous lesions. No new oesoeedema or oesoderm lesions.
This review of the results from the MRI scans of the lungs and airways of patients with advanced thoracic spine found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new consolidations of the lung nodule in the lower lobe of the neck were identified. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax were found. The heart and vessels were normal. The aortic vessels were also normal. No pericardial or pericordial effusion was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the upper arm. The body's normal size and shape were also found. There was no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine found that the size of the lung nodules in the main lung and the airways were reduced. The largest inferior lingular paracardiac nodule (5/307) was smaller than previously measured. No new or enlarging lung nodule was found. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels were normal. The body's organs were normal and the heart chambers were normal in size. The main results were as follows:.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval decreased size of most of the bilateral lung nodles including the largest inferior paracordiac nodules. No pleural effusions. No other lung nodulae were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging thoracic adenopathy. Stable1.2 cm low-density nodule in the right thyroid lobe. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in the heart and the vessels were not affected. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review includes a comprehensive search of the medical literature up to January 2016. We found that the following are the results of this review. The results are current to January 2017. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular and paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Patchy dependent opacities described on the prior study have resolved. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcific effusions throughout the supraclavicular, mediastinal, and hilar, and para-aortic distributions. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorax. Normal thyroid.
The results of the scan of the abdomen and heart were compared with the results of a CT scan of both the lungs and the heart. The results of this scan showed that the heart and vessels were normal. There were no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusions. The airways were not affected. The included portion of thyroid gland was not affected by the scan. The heart and vessel vessels were not damaged. The blood vessels were also normal. The examination of the lungs showed no new adenopathy or enlargement of the lung nodule or pleura. There was no evidence of any new or enlarged lung nodles or pleurae. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The body's surface was not disturbed. The abdominal organs were not disturbed by the scans. The abdomen was well-defined. The findings of the abdominal scan were similar to those of a scan of a chest scan.
This review includes the following: Lungs/Airways: The lungs/airways/pleura are stable. The airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The lungs have not been affected by any new or worsening of the condition. The pleural effusions are not significant. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aorta: The aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. A new or enlarged aorta is not reported. A small number of calcifications in the aortas are reported. The aortal vessels: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No new, enlarging or worsening bone lesions are reported in the soft tissues.
The results of the CT scan showed that the following were found: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. No thorachis adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age- related degenerative changes throughout the thorax. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
The results of this review are current to April 2021. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Evolving post radiation changes in the right upper lobe and perihilar (head of the brain) of the paravertebral mass now measures 3.9 x 3.1 cm. Enlarging left upper lobe (paravertebra) nodule, now 6 mm, previously 4 mm (4:82; previous exam 5:92; not present in the April 2021 exam). No pleural effusion. Superior segment right lower lobe paravertbral mass (paravtebral nodule) now measures 6 mm (6:82) previously 4.4 mm (5:92). No pericardial effusion (pericardium) or pericordial effusions (peripheral effusion) or aortic calcifications ( calcifications in the aorta). Small thrombus noted in the distal right internal jugular vein (the vein that carries the blood to the heart) and the port tip of the chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Coronary artery and aortics (coronary vessels) calcifications. Small hiatus hernia (small hiatus herna) in the esophagus (patulous portion of the esphagus) noted which may be related to esophagitis or GERD. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Ossoid structures and Osseus: No active bone lesions (e.g. bone marrow) or soft tissues. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This review of the results from the US National Cancer Institute's (NCI) clinical trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules or other lung nodule in the left upper lobe of the left breast. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal. The lungs are not affected by any new or enlarged lung nodles. The upper and lower abdominal organs are normal. No new or increased lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the lymph nodes. The lymph nodes are not enlarged. The liver and heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta and vessels are normal in the aortic chambers. The breast implants are normal and the breast implants appear to be in good condition.
The results of the imaging were obtained from the chest Xray and X-ray sections of the chest and abdomen. The results of these imaging sections were combined to provide a combined analysis of the results of both the chest x-ray and abdomen imaging sections. The findings of the abdominal X-rays were combined as well. The chest X- ray results showed large pleural effusions, pulmonary edema and focal parenchymal opacities and consolidation in both lower lobes. These findings likely mean that the lungs and airways were affected by a combination of congestive heart failure/fluid overload superimposed to pneumonia. The heart and vessels were normal. The body imaging section showed no aggressive bone lesions. The abdominal X X-Ray results showed no evidence of a large or large vessel obstruction.
This review of the results from the original study is up to date as of May 2016. The results of this review are current to May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval resolution of the previous left pleural effusion and significant decrease of right pleural fluid with cleared groundglass and consolidative opacities. Background of upper lobe predominant emphysema and chronic large airway disease are again noted. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and scattered calcified plaques along the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aortal arteries. Upper Abdomen: Gastrostomy feeding tube is again noted and kidneys are atrophic. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the results from the results of the CT scan of the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine shows that there are no new or increased lung nodules. There is a new 4 mm nodule in the anterior mediastinum (the area of the neck where the veins and arteries are located) and a new 1.3 cm nodule on the left lower lobe (the'suture' of the lung) in series 3 image 342 which previously measured 0.9 cm. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aorta is normal size. The left lung is still growing and the heart and vessel size is normal. The right lung has not grown. The lung is not growing any more. The lungs are not growing more or less. The airways are clear. The body is still breathing normally. The blood vessels are still normal. There are no aggressive changes in the bone structure of the aortal veins. The thoracics are normal. No aggressive bone lesions. The liver and kidneys are normal and no new bone lesions are found. The thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid is normal, but the thyroid gland has not been removed. The lymph nodes are normal, and the lymph nodes have not been affected. The chest is still the same size and shape as before. The arteries and vessels of the lungs are normal but the heart is not large. The aortas are normal with no new calcifications. The coronary arteries and aortic vessels are not large and the coronary arteries are normal in size.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine (NLM) is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable right upper lobe reticulonodular opacities and mild traction bronchiolectasis which may be related to chronic inflammatory process. New right upper and left upper lobe nodulars (4/56 and 73) and left lower lobe nodules (4 and 136) on images 130 and 136. An 8 mm spiculated nodule adjacent to right minor fissure (4) is enlarged from 4.5 mm on prior. Stable 8 mm triangular intrafissural nodule (4). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: St stable subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes, not enlarged by size criteria, for example 1 cm lower right paratracheal lymph node (4), are unremarkable. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable, but the heart appears normal. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Thoracic adenopathy.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild dependent groundglass opacities likely reflect atelectasis. Stable 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe. Scattered stable sub-4 mm nodules (for example 5:301) in the left middle lobe (for instance 5:300) are stable. No consolidation or pleural effusion. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable subcarinal node measuring up to 1 cm. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aorta) or narrowing of aortic arteries (a bulge in the aortal vessels). Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Moderate atherosystealage of the arteries. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Spinal fixation hardware partially visualized.
This review includes information from the medical literature. The results are current to May 2016. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, likely secondary to expiratory phase acquisition. New patchy groundglass opacities in the right upper lobe (5/117), likely inflammatory in nature. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable thyroid nodularities, some partially calcified. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest port terminating in the cavoatrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Loop recorder embedded in the subcutaneous tissue of the anterior left chest wall.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine (NLM) is up to date as of February 2019. The review includes the results of a comprehensive search of the medical literature up to February 2019 and the results are current to February 2020. The results of this review are current as of January 2019.
This review includes results from the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs/airways/pleura are still covered with fluid and fluid in the carina (the upper part of the lung) and the upper airway wall (the carina) and are thickening. Severe upper lobe (upper lobe) lung damage is still present. The right lung is still covered in fluid. The left lung is covered in water and fluid. There is a small pocket of air in the right lung wall (right lateral wall of the esophagus) and this is nearly resolved. The previously noted defect in the left lateral esophageal wall (prior exam 5:67) has nearly resolved but decreased in size adjacent to a region of increased scarring. The pocket of water in the anterior wall of esophagal wall is no longer seen and may represent a fold. The other side of the wall of this wall is still filled with fluid. No other major defects were found. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aorta and coronary artery calcifications are present. A small amount of fluid and debris is noted in the proximal portion of the gastric conduit. The chest wall of heart is still full of fluid. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels are normal in shape. A large amount of blood vessels are still present in the aorta. A major artery is still fully calcified. The aortic wall of aortas are still full. A minor artery is also full of calcified fluid. PICC tip is still in the chest wall. PVC: The tip of the PVC is still intact. The PICc tip is not in the same place as the other parts of the abdominal wall.
This review of the results from the same study found that the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No new aggressive bone lesion. Stable 2.6 x 1.3 cm right-sided chest port intramuscular lipoma.
The results of this review are current to 7/22/2020. The results of the review are up to date as of 7/23/2020 and the results of a new search for the results from the previous review are also current. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of fibrotic interstitial lung disease, including lower lobe predominant reticulations, architectural distortion and bronchiectasis are similar to the most recent prior exam. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. No consolidation or pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple prominent subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes are likely reactive. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.7 cm. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical clips in the right neck likely related to prior parathyroidectomy. Suture clips in both the right and left neck likely due to prior surgery.
This review includes data from the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging solid lung nodles. No new and enlarging individual solid lung or lymph nodes. The lungs are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No changes in the size of the lymph nodes or the adenopathy of the breast tissue. Stable scattered sclerotic foci and remote healed bilateral rib fractures. St stable compression deformity of the superior endplates of T8, T9 and T10. Stability of the hiatal hernia and the esophagus. Heart: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the heart chambers. Normal size of aorta. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abbdomen (upper abdominal cavity) and lower abdominal (lower abdomen) are reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: L1 Post vertebroplasty changes. L1 L1. Post vertebral changes. Post surgical changes of bilateral mastectomy and flap reconstruction. L2 L1 and L2. Postoperative changes of breast and breast flap reconstruction and postoperative changes.
This review of the results from the results of the original study found that the tracheobronchial tree is patent. The main results were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheo-pleura tree is stable. No new or enlarging nodules. Stable cluster of nodules along the right major fissure (4:204) and 3 mm right lower lobe nodule. No more or less enlarging of nodule size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessels. No pericardial effusion. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen (UAB): Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This review of the results from the review of data from the radiographic examination of the chest and abdomen of the patient with acute pleura. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The results show that the right side of the lungs have improved with less fluid in the right and left lungs. The left side of both lungs have not improved. The heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The vessels are connected to the heart by a catheter. The vessel in the heart is connected to a feeding tube. The tube is connected through the diaphragm and the distal tip of the tube is extended beyond the examination limits. The catheter is connected by a vein in the diophagus. The vein is connected via a catheters in the cavoatrial junction. The tubes are connected by the same cathets. The two vessels are linked by a single catheter in the cavity in the chest. The circulatory system: The circulation of the blood in the circulatory vessels is normal. The blood in both lungs is normal and the circulation in the lungs is not affected. No new pneumonic consolidation of the airways. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules within the aerated parts of the lung. No aggressive bone lesions. No lymph nodes: No lymph node adenopathy. No thoracic adenopathies. No pericardial effusion. No major complications.
The results of the review show that the following are the same for the lungs, heart, and vessels:. The lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart and vessels are normal size. No new and enlarging of the aortic veins. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The blood vessels are clear. The liver and lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland: No adenopathies. The spleen: Calcified granulomas in the spleen. The rest of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. The thoracics: No aggressive bone lesions. The aorta: Normal size. The arteries and vessels of the heart and the vessels of heart and vessel are normal. The arterial aortas are normal and the aortal aortes are normal in size. Severe calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorte are normal, but the coronary artery and aortal vessels are calcified. The anterior chest wall: No changes in the anterior chestwall with no residual soft tissue. The remaining visualized abdominal organs and soft tissue are unrematerial. The results of this review are current to January 2017.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. Stable scattered lung nodule (granulomas) with a few new or enlarged granulomas (gap) in the right lung. St stable scattered lung (gaps) with new patches of ill-formed groundglass (pink) opacities, for example on image 187 of series 4 and image 339, likely inflammatory in nature. Stables of the left lung (lungs) and the airways (pleura) are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No more or less new or larger adnopathy in the thoracic adenopathy. Interval decreased size (8 mm) of anterior mediastinal (middle) nodule in the thyroid (thymic) may represent a lymph node or thymus (thyroid) remnant. Ststable left thyroid lobe and isthmic nodularities. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Right chest port terminating in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stabilised sclerotic foci of the thorax (foci of bone) are present.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the trachea and at the level of the carina. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening related to airways disease. Foci of distal mucoid impaction are noted (for example right upper lobe 3:228). Upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema. No significant change in groundglass opacities associated to an area of emphysoid reticulations in the left lower lobe. Stable 3 mm right middle lobe nodule (3:273). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. Visualised thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneously distributed. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic calcifications. Mild coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications were found. A small hiatus hernia was found in the right kidney. The kidney was partially imaged cyst in the kidney. Left hepatic lobe cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Scoliosis and multilevel degenerative changes of the spine. A large hernia in the lower kidney. A heart and a vessel calcification in the aorta. A minor hernia and a small hernia were found in both the heart and the aortal vessels. Cholelithiasis was found. Upper Abdomen: Chole lysis in the upper kidney.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine's imaging system shows that the size and distribution of numerous bilateral predominantly groundglass nodules is not significantly changed, including a 4 mm left upper lobe nodule (series 4, image 197) and a 4mm right upper lobe (series 91) in the upper lobe. No definite new nodules identified. The central airways are patent. The overall size and number of bilateral predominantly airway nodules are not significantly different. The heart and vessels are normal. No pericardial effusion. The aortic vessels are also normal. The body is normal. There is no evidence of any new adenopathy in the thoracic adenopathies. The main findings of this review are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The overall quality of the imaging was good. No new nodule identified. No pleural effusion (wound in the airway). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery and aorta calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The results of the post-mortem examination of the heart, lungs, and lungs of the patient were compared with the results of a chest X-ray. The results of this review are current to January 2017. The heart and vessels of the aorta were examined and the heart and lungs were examined in detail. The main results of interest were:. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No coronary artery calcifications. The aortic vessels were examined. The lungs were checked for signs of atelectasis (electrical atelectasy) and there was no evidence of a blood clot in the left lung base. The lung and lungs had a normal amount of fluid in the lungs. The body had normal amount in the chest. The chest was not affected by any of the other organs. The blood vessels were not affected. The abdominal organs were not damaged.
The results of the scan of the chest and heart showed that the lungs and airways were stable and the heart and vessels were normal. The airways and lungs were not affected. The heart and the vessels appeared to be normal. There were no new or enlarging lung nodules. The blood vessels were not damaged. The body's lymph nodes were not changed. The thyroid gland was not affected, but the thyroid gland had a small number of new or enlarged nodules in the right lower lobe (4/280). The airway and pleura were not altered. The right chest port was not damaged, and the right chest was not changed in the upper chest. The left chest port had no new nodules or enlargements. The liver and kidneys were not disturbed. The lungs were normal and the lungs were clear. The aorta was normal. No pericardium was normal and there was no pericordial effusion. The other organs were normal, and there were no changes in the blood vessels. The results of this scan were not different from those of the previous scan. The main results were similar.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine's electronic imaging system was performed in the USA. The results are current to May 2016. The review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. The tracheo-pulmonary tree is a tree with a thick, narrow, and narrow trunk. The main trachea is a narrow, narrow tree with narrow, thin, and thin tracheal tube. The airway is a thin, narrow tube with a narrow and thin tube. There is a small hernia in the hernia. The hernia is not large. The heart and vessels: Heart and vessels are normal. Aorta is normal in size. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (31 mm). Mild coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No honeycombing. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No lymph nodes: Minor hernia (small hiatus hernia) in the thoracoid bone. Thymic hyperplasia. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This review includes a comprehensive examination of the tracheobronchial tree, the trachoma, and the lungs. The examination of both the lungs and the tracings of the heart and vessels was performed on the same day. The tracheo-pleura (the airway) was examined in the same way as the trachyurium (the lungs) and the heart. The lungs were examined in a series of CT scans. The results of this review are current to January 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracho-plaque is a tree of the airway and the airways are covered with a thick layer of tissue. There is a large number of small, dense, and dense, dense lesions in the trichromatic tissue in the left trachea. The left trachocleidoscope is a good indicator of inflammation in the air space. The right tracheal tube is a clear indication of inflammation. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The body of the body of this body is normal. The liver and kidneys: The liver is normal and the kidneys are normal. There was no evidence of liver damage. The kidneys were not affected by the heart or the vessels. The kidney was not affected. The lung was not damaged. The brain was not harmed. The chest was not disturbed. The abdomen was not impacted. The abdominal cavity was not changed. The upper abdomen was also was not altered. The lower abdomen was unchanged. The anterior nodule in the right upper lobe (series 4, image 148), is increasing in size over several recent CT scans (series 3, image 147) (series 2, image 149) (the anterior nodules are increasing in number and size over recent CT examinations (series 1,
This review includes information from the literature up to May 2016. The review includes results from a randomised controlled trial of the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema. Increased subpleural reticulations which may represent smoking-related interstitial lung disease. Post radiation changes in the subpleurals of the left upper lobe and lingula from prior left breast radiotherapy. Stable right lung nodules (5:139, 280, 297, 297) and opacity in the lingula (5):239. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery calcifications and aortic calcifications. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No active bone lesions or calcifications in the right breast. Coarse calcifications (clips) and/or biopsy clips in the left breast.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Smooth septal thickening and patchy groundglass in the lungs bilaterally may represent mild pulmonary edema or an inflammatory process. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No major changes in the heart or vessels. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. The ascending aorta measures up to 4.3 cm in the axial plane, which is unchanged compared to prior studies. The main pulmonary artery measures up up to four.1 cm. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas and a pacer device with leads in the right atrium and right ventricle. Right atrial wall calcifications. Left-sided pacer devices with leads are used to help with the pacer. The left atrial and right atrial walls are calcified. The right atrioventricular wall calcification is severe. The heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Right hilar adenopathy measuring up to 1.6 cm short axis, slightly increased in size from 1.37 m on the prior study. Other mediastinal lymph nodes are unchanged. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The results of the review are current to January 2017. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs are normal. The central airways are patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are patent, but the central airway is still covered by a tree of nodules. The left lung is still filled with a small number of nodule. The right lung is covered by an old and slightly enlarged tree of the central tracheobronchial tree. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal. No pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications. Moderate heart and vessel calcifications are present in the aorta. The aortic valve is normal and the aortal artery is normal, but there is a small hernia in the hiatal hernia. The liver is normal in size. The kidney is normal but the thyroid gland has not been affected. The other organs are normal and no new or enlarged pulmonary nodule are present. The lymph nodes are normal, and the thyroid is unrematerial. The body is still in good condition. The main results of this review are as follows: Lung/airways/pleura/lungs: No new nodules in the central and upper airways. The lung is not covered by new or larger nodules, but remains covered by the same old tree of pulmonary nodles. The thoracic adenopathy is unremarkable. The neck and lymph nodes have not been changed. The kidneys are normal in shape. The brain is normal with no new nodule or enlargement. The abdominal organs are not affected. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerotic focus in the T5 vertebral body and L1 superior endplate compression deformity.
This review of the results from the literature is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the trachea and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Moderate upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Moderate lower lobe predominant bronchiectasis. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aortic arch (normal variant). Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the liver measuring above simple fluid, previously characterized as hemangiomata. No abnormal bone lesions or abnormal blood vessels. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Commonly seen thyroid is calcified and has a low volume of calcium. Common common origin of right bracheiocephalics and left carotids from the same artery. Common course and caliber of the aortal arteries. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Coarse calcification in the right breast.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thorACic adendopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal condition of the upper abdominal organs.
The results of this review are current to October 2019. We found that the number of patients with a small, but stable, groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe of the lung (1.5 cm) in the most recent study from November 2020 is unchanged compared to the most recently study from October 2019 and is stable going back to the lung cancer test from October 2018. The left upper lobe groundglass (1cm) in image 17 is also unchanged. Other smaller groundglass nodsules including in the left middle lobe (1 cm) are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. No adenopathy of the thyroid gland. No thoracics of the lymph nodes. No abnormal bone lesions in the thorax. No other abnormal bone or tissue changes.
This review of the results from the US National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) is up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the results of a comprehensive search of the medical literature up to May 2016 and the results are current to May 2017.
This review includes a comprehensive search of the medical literature up to January 2016. The results are current to January 2017. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Respiratory motion artifact obscures fine parenchymal detail, especially at the bases. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Lower lobes predominant mild bronchiectasis, likely post infectious or post inflammatory in etiology. Mild scarring in the anterior segment of the right upper lobe and medial segment of both lower lobe. Scattered calcified granulomata. The ovoid opacity at the left lung base identified on the plain radiograph corresponds to a calcified calcified lung. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph nodes, sequela of prior granulOMatous disease. Calculified hilar (a type of granuloma) and mediostinal lymph node, sequel of prior lymphulomatous diseases. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial enlargement. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Coronary artery, aortic valve and aortics are not clearly defined. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged bilateral renal cysts and other hypodensities too small to be identified. Left hepatic hypodensity, statistically likely to represent a cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Compression deformities of C6 and C7 vertebral bodies, partially imaged. Hemangioma in T7 vertebra body. Small hiatus hernia. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous.
The results of this review are current to May 2015. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2015 and are up-to-date as of this date. The review includes the following:.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Clusters of micronodules, for example at the right lung base and in the left upper lobe periphery (3:122, 344), probably related to airways disease. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Right hilar node is not discerned on this noncontrast examination. No enlarged lymph nodes. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Ascending aorta measures 42 mm. Aortic, aortal valve and aortical calcifications are normal. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The right pleural effusion has slightly increased with interval increased compression atelectasis in the right base. Stable size of right apical cavitary lesion measuring 8.5 x 4.5, 4.7 and 3.7 cm (TR, CC and AP diameters respectively), communicating with apical bronchus of the right upper lobe (image 146 of series 603). Again seen diffuse bronchiectasis and bilateral peripherally distributed fibrotic like arcades, likely sequela of prior Covid 19 pneumonia. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The central pulmonary artery is upper normal, may be suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mild coronary calcifications again noted. The liver: Nodular surface of the liver, suggestive of chronic parenchymal liver disease. No aggressive bone lesions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The left shoulder lipoma is stable. No other major abnormalities were noted. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones were found. Dextroscoliosis.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheal bronchial tree is patent. Widespread pulmonary metastatic disease. No significant change in size of the nodules. No new nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No major changes in size or shape of the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery calcifications. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronal artery calcification.
This review of the results from the US National Library of Medicine (NLM) is up to date as of May 2017. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Redemonstration of upper lobe predominant emphysema and increased nodularities in the upper lobes, likely representing bronchiolitis. 7 mm nodule in the posterior left upper lobe (3/206), stable since October 2020 but is new from February 2017. Anterior mediastinal 9 and 8 mm short axis nodules (3 or 180 mm) are unchanged over multiple priors dating back to June 2017, may represent thymic remnant. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy. An anterior mediastinium (3 and 8mm short axis) is unchanged over several priors, may be a remnant of thymus (thymus) from the thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Remote healed bilateral rib fractures. Mild gynecomastia is again noted.
This review includes images of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A 1 cm nodule described as new in the right lower lobe has resolved. Other nodules including the nodule next to the cyst in the upper lobe in the lower lobe in series 4 image 142 which corresponds to the treated lesion, 6 mm right apical nodule image 153 and the smaller nodules in the left base including 4 mm nodule in image 383 are unchanged. No new or enlarging of the nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No adenopathies. No abnormal bone lesions in the thyroid gland. No other abnormal bone or muscle lesions. The right hilar node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis in series 231 is unchanged. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right hyster node measuring 1.1 cm shortaxis in series 233 is unchanged and no new adenopathy. No additional adenopathic changes. Heart, Vessels and Soft Tissues: No new adenosine-like signs. No pericardial effusion. No more or fewer adenocarcinoid nodules or adenoplasia. No changes in the size of the thyroid. No adverse effects of the aortic aortalis.
The review authors searched for information on the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airway: No new or enlarging nodules in the right lower lobe. No new and stable tree-in-bud nodules (3:248) in the left lower lobe (3.248) (3/248) of the tracheobronchial tree. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No other major complications. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve and aortics: Coronaries, aortal valve and calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Left adrenal myelolipoma. Hepatic steatosis. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This review includes images of the chest, abdomen, and lungs. The results are current to May 2016. The study is based on data from a study from 2019. The patient was a male adult male with a history of acute lung cancer. The patients were followed for at least two years. The main results were compared to the results from the previous study. The new study was conducted in a different hospital and had a different outcome. The two studies were similar in size and were conducted in the same hospital. The second study was done in a hospital in a new hospital in the USA. The third study was performed in a large hospital in China. The first study was from a hospital near the Chinese border. The current study was funded by a Chinese company. The findings of this study were similar to the previous one. The studies were conducted at the same time and were similar size. The heart chambers appear to be normal. The lungs are normal. There is no evidence of a difference in the size of the aorta or of the heart. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The visualized bowel is not obstructed. There are no signs of inflammation at the GE junction. There was no evidence that the patient had a history or history of lung cancer or other serious complications. The body of the patient was not affected by any of the other types of cancer.
This review includes results from a comprehensive search of the medical records up to May 2016. The review includes information on the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Persistent trace right pleural effusion with adjacent compressive atelectasis. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1 cm, for example a 1.0 cm right paratracheal lymph node (series 5, image 103) and a 1 cm prevascular lymph node, with scattered calcifications. Interval resolution of previously seen mediastinae (medial hematoma) with mild residual retrosternal changes. Intervals of the thyroid gland with scattered thyroid gland calcification. Intervenions of the aorta (aortic valve) and heart (a vessel in the aortal cavity) are stably enlarged. The heart is stably enlarging. Vascular calcification noted throughout the a.Aorta and heart vessels: No new and enlarging pericardial effusion. The aortic vessels are stable. The right atrium of the heart is also stably enlarge. The left atrium is stable and the left atrial vessels are also stable, with no new or enlarged pericardiographic or arterial calcification of the atrial cavity. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abbdomen (the abdomen) and Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the results from the review of data from the radiographic examination of the chest and lungs of the breast of the woman with breast cancer. The results of the radiologic examination of her breast showed:. The breast was removed from the breast and the breast was placed back in the breast. The right breast was also removed from her chest and the left breast was put back in place. The left breast had a small amount (1.5 mm) of calcification in the right breast. No evidence of a large amount of calcifications in the left and right breast of her chest. The heart and vessels of the heart and the vessels of her heart were normal. The aortic and coronary arteries were normal and the aorta were normal, but the aortal arteries were calcified. The lungs were normal in the chest. There was no evidence of any evidence of an abnormal enlargement of the aural cavity in the arial cavity. The lung was normal in both the left lung and the right lung. The neck and the heart were also normal. There were no signs of abnormal enlargements of the lungs. The body of the neck and heart were not affected. The chest was normal.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No suspicious pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple prevascular mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.2 cm (there is 5, image 218) as well as a 1.8 cm left supraclavicular lymph node (image 90). No hilar lymphadenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Moderate calcification of the aortic valve. Moderate triple vessel calcifications and calcification in the aortal valve. Normal course and caliber of the heart. Moderate to severe calcification and calcifications of the coronary artery. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the vessels). Upper Abdomen: Upper Abbdomen (the abdomen) and Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and include:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules. Stable 4 mm nodule at the left lung base (3:405). Mild bronchiectasis in the left lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No other abnormalities were noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Minimal aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
