This review of trials found that lung metastatic disease improved with radiologic treatment. The lung was reduced from 9 mm to 11 mm in size. The right lung was also reduced from 15 mm to 15 mm. The heart was normal in size and the arteries were normal in caliber. There was no evidence of any serious complications. The cancer spread to the lungs and the airways. The liver was not affected. The lungs were not affected by any of the following: - No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. - No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. - There was a small decrease in the number of lymph nodes in the left lung. - The heart and vessels were normal. - We found no evidence that the heart or vessels were affected by cancer. - All of the arteries and vessels had normal size. - None of the lymph nodes were affected. - Thyroid gland was not damaged. - Bone metastases were not damaged in any of these. - In the liver, no aggressive bone lesions were found.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. The lungs were not affected by any new or enlarging pulmonary nodule or pleurisy. The neck was not affected. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The great arteries were normal. The major arteries had calcifications of the heart. The aortic valve had calcification. The left vertebral artery had calcified calcifications. The right vertebrae had calcions. The upper and lower abdomen had calcments. The lung was not damaged. The blood vessels were not damaged, and the great arteries had normal size. No new or worsening of the disease was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The evidence is current to January 2014.
This review of trials found that the lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart is normal in size. The aorta is normal. The chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. The lungs are stable. No abnormal bone lesions were found. The body's soft tissues are clear and no aggressive bone lesions were found, but the heart is not large enough to be of benefit.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence that the thyroid gland is growing larger or that it is enlarging. The thyroid glands appear to be stable in size. The heart appears normal in size and there is a normal course and caliber of the aorta. The lung is not expanding or getting larger. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The liver is too small to be sure of the status. The kidneys are normal. The stomach is normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in shape and size. There is no evidence of inflammation of the lungs or of obstruction of the airways. There are no signs of obstruction in the lungs. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. There were no abnormal blood vessels. There may be some evidence of obstruction to the arteries of arteries in the heart. There appears to be no evidence for obstruction of blood flow to the lungs, but there is some evidence that there is a potential for this. There seems to be little or no evidence to suggest that the liver is affected. The thyroid gland is unremarked. There appear to be few abnormal blood vessel patterns. There has been no evidence about the effects of the thyroid glands. There have been no reports of abnormal blood flow in the liver. There does not appear to have been any evidence of damage to the thyroid. There appeared to be a lack of evidence of any abnormal blood clotting. There did not seem to be any evidence that this was due in part to the use of the heart and vessels.
This review of the available evidence shows that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs or of obstruction in the airways. There are no signs of obstruction or obstruction of blood vessels. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There were no signs that the thyroid gland was affected. There was no evidence that the arteries were blocked. There may be some evidence of blockage of the coronary arteries. There appears to be no evidence for obstruction of other parts of the heart. There appeared to be little or no evidence to suggest that the lungs were affected. The heart and vessels were not affected. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The great arteries were normal in caliber.
This review of trials found that the appearance of the lungs and airways is not very good. There is a lot of evidence that there is a problem with the shape of the lung. There are also problems in the airways. There may be problems with the size of the thyroid. There was no evidence that the thyroid was affected by cancer. There were also problems with other parts of the body. There appears to be no evidence of cancer in the heart or the vessels. There seems to be little or nothing abnormal in the lungs. There has been no evidence for cancer in any of the other parts. There have been no reports of cancer of the liver, kidneys, or lungs.
This review of trials found that the lungs are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been identified. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been reported. The chest port overlies the right hemithorax with the tip in the SVC. The aorta is normal. Mild coronary artery calcifications have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have yet been identified in the chest. No signs of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis and areas of mucoid impaction have been found.
This review of the literature found that the following things are normal in size: Lungs/airways/Pleurons: Lung and airway closure due to the growth of new or enlarging lung nodule. No pleurons or lungs expand. No new or expanding lung nodulomas. Mild secretions within the trachea. No lung effusions. Lungs and airways: No new lung nodules. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart: The heart appears normal in sizes. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Right hepatic cyst and other low blood pressure hypodensities, which are too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Stable sclerosis of the sternum is likely related to prior bone lesions, but the evidence is not strong. Remote right fourth ante bone fracture was noted.
This review of trials found that there is a small amount of evidence that the heart, lungs, and blood vessels are normal. There is no evidence that there are any abnormal blood vessels. There are no abnormal lymph nodes or thyroid glands. There was no evidence of any abnormal bone growth. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There may be some abnormalities in the thyroid gland but the evidence is not strong.
This review of trials found that the left lung of the patient with chronic bronchiectasis (bronchus) is still intact, but the left lower lobe has been in a state of collapse for several years. The right lung has been destroyed and the left is still in a condition of partial collapse. The left lung is still expanding and the right lung is also expanding. The heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of obstruction of the arteries. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Healed right-sided rib fractures are noted, but no aggressive bone damage is noted. No pneumothorax is noted in the lungs. No evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or the airways is noted, and no aggressive disease of the thyroid gland is noted (hypodense nodule). The evidence is current to 5/22/2019.
This review of trials found that the following features of the lungs and airways: - Lungs/Airways/Pleurys/Pulmonus: - Endotracheal tube in place. - Lung and airway closure: - Pneural effusion. - Pneumothorax: - No pleural effusions. - No pneumothoraxis Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: - Thyroid nodes: No thoracic adenopathies. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion - No perihepatic effusion. - Pnea: No perichorax. - Thyroids: - thyroid is unremarkable. - Pulmonary embolism: - Pulmonus has a thin, thin layer of tissue covering the left lung. - Perihepsis: - Pericardium has a thick, thin lining. - Laryngeal embolisms: - Laryngitis: - Hypoplasmodia: - Plasmodium: - pleural embolistis: No pleuris: no pleurys.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway abnormalities were not seen in the majority (83%) of patients with advanced thoracic cancer. However, there were some abnormalities in the upper thoracoskeletal mass of the left upper lobe of the neck, especially the left mainstem bronchus. There was a small hernia in the right lower lobe of this mass. There were also some abnormalities of the upper arm muscle mass, especially in the anterior scapular muscle mass. The left upper limb muscle mass was stable. The right lower limb muscle was stable, but the right upper limb was not. The heart was normal in size. The blood pool was low and the blood flow was low. The number of patients who developed anemia was low, suggesting that the blood was not enough to support the body. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung is still showing signs of bronchiectasis with a small but stable hernias. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The right lung is showing signs that the airways are still blocked. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Again noted mild calcification of the leaflets of the heart. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No abnormal bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No abnormal bones have been identified.
This review of trials found that the right lung is still intact and the left lung is not. However, the left is still stuck. The right lung has a thickened wall of tissue that is forming around it. This thickens the airway and leads to a narrowing of the lungs. The left lung has not yet been resealed. The heart is normal in size. The aorta (aortic artery) is 42 mm long and the aortic valve is 42.5 mm wide. The stomach is still empty. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The cancer of the thyroid gland has not been reported separately. The liver is still functioning normally. The lungs are still intact. The airway is still open. The chest wall is still thickening. The lung is stuck. No more than one tube is left in the left side of the chest. The surgeon has not found any evidence of obstruction of the airways. The two tubes are still in place. The patient is still breathing normally.
This review of trials found that the left upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree was not changed by radiologic treatment. However, the left aorta was slightly larger. The left upper lung was slightly smaller. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No changes in the left chest wall, which were seen on subsequent MRI of the chest. No aggressive bone lesions were seen, but the left anortic wall was not healed. No pericardial (a hole) effusion was noted. The heart was not affected. The right aortic tree was similar to prior. The thyroid gland was not enlarged. No abnormal growths were seen in the thyroid gland. The aortus was not altered by radiological treatment. The upper abdominal wall was slightly bigger. No serious adverse events were noted.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. The aortic arch is normal. The pulmonary artery is normal and the right upper lobe of the aorta is normal, but the left lower lobe of this artery is slightly enlarged. No new adenopathy has been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the heart or vessels. The examination of the lower limb of the neck revealed no new adenytoenal disease. The heart and vessels are normal in shape. Mild coronary arteries calcifications are not seen. No evidence of a new adeno-adenopathy.
This review of the literature found that there is a small amount of evidence that there are some small but stable lung nodule in the right lung, but no aggressive tumour. There is no evidence that the tumour is spreading to the lungs.
This review of the literature found that the patient had a normal lung and neck structure and that the aortic aorta (the aortus) was stable. The patient had undergone cholecysmectomatosis (removal) and the aureus was not widened. The aortas were not widened, but the aural foci (foci) in the right humeral head (the head of the neck), and the vertebral body (tendon) were not changed. The liver was not affected. The cancer was not spread to the lungs.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new or worsening of pulmonary nodule disease. No pleural effusions. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No new and enlarging of the lung. No aggressive bone lesions. No changes in the right breast and axilla.
This review of trials found that there is a lot of evidence that the thyroid gland is still calcified, but the size of the nodule is not very large. There is some evidence that there are some small, but not very big, nodule in the lung. There are no signs of a lung disease. There was no evidence that any of the other parts of the body were affected. There were no signs that the heart was affected. The heart appears normal in size. There may be some evidence of bone disease in the lower abdomen. There appears to be no evidence of cancer of the lungs or the airways. There seems to be little or no evidence for cancer of other parts. There has been no evidence to suggest that there was any damage to the heart or the lungs. There have been some reports of bone lesions in the upper abdomen.
This review of the literature found that the size of the lung and airways have been decreasing and the size (by a few centimetres) of the aorta (a blood vessel) has increased. The largest of these nodules measuring up to 1.5 cm in the right lower lobe has become cavitary (a hole in the lung wall) and the number of patchy groundglass nodules has increased, including new areas of involvement in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 214. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. No new noncalcified adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aortas. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Right-sided chest port right-sided central venous catheters with tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
This review of trials found that the right lung is still expanding and the right airway is still blocked. There is a persistent obstruction in the right upper lobe of the right lungs. There are new soft tissue lesions along the right middle lobe and the left lung. There was no evidence of obstruction in either lung. The right lung has been affected by a new layer of fat covering the airway. There were no signs of obstruction of the left lungs. The left lung is also affected. There has been a new thickening of the lymph nodes in the lymphangium, consistent with the spread of lymphangitis. There have been no new cases of obstruction to the lungs. No new cases have been reported in the chest. There may be a new type of inflammation of the pericardial artery. There appears to be no new evidence of blockage of the heart. There remains a lack of evidence of any new cases. There seems to be little evidence of new cancer in the upper arm. There appear to be few new cases in the lower arm. The heart is normal in size. There does not appear to have any new abnormal blood vessels. There seem to be minimal changes in the coronary arteries. There do not appear any new cancerous lesions in the arteries. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There did not appear be any new cancers in the shoulder. The shoulder is still intact. There appeared to be a stable right internal mammary adenopathies. The breast tissue is still covered by a thick layer of fatty tissue. There seemed to be stable or mildly enlarging in the breast. The chest wall is still solid. There could be new cancer cells in the left breast tissue, but this is not clear. There should be more research in this area to determine the role of breast cancer in this group.
This review of the available evidence found that the following are likely to be of interest: - Lungs/Airways/Pleurys/Pneumura: Endotracheal tube in satisfactory position. No oral contrast is seen in the mediastinum or adjacent pleural space or lung (although presumably contrast was given by tube). Small hiatus hernia. No thoracic adenopathy. - Lung and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic and aortIC valve calcifications. - Upper Abdomen: Enteric tubes terminate in the stomach. - Pulmonary embolism: Subcutaneous emphysema along the right lateral chest wall has resolved. - Urinary fluid extending from the pleural spaces to the left lateral chest walls has been observed. There is no associated gas in the soft tissues. - No associated gas is seen.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways are still expanding. There is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland (3/40). Additional, scattered sub-4 mm nodules are seen. There was no focal consolidation of the aortic valve (no replacement of the valve). The central airways remain patent. There are no pleural effusion. The patient is still stable. The central pulmonary artery is stably enlarged, suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. The thyroid gland is still enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions are seen, but changes in the visualized spine are noted. No axillary, underpectral, or breast adnopathies are seen by CT. No changes in breast size are noted by CT size. The heart and vessels are stable. No abnormal heart rhythm is noted. The aorta is normal. The neck is still intact. The spine is still unbroken. No new bone lesions have been seen. The cancer is still growing in the neck and neck. The breast is still undiagnosed. The brain is still not fully grown. The body is still in normal shape. The chest is still normal.
This review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the lungs was the same as the left. The left lower lobe paraspinal finding described on PET/CT has not been found to be present. The right lower lung was the only part of the body that was not changed. The main pulmonary artery was enlarged up 3.5 cm. The heart was the largest and the largest artery in the lower leg. The aorta was the smallest and the aortic valve was the biggest. The lung was not affected by pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pleural obstruction was found. The thyroid gland was not enlarged. The liver was not damaged. The kidneys were normal. The lungs were clear. The other organs were similar to prior studies. The abdominal organs were unremarkable and no aggressive bone lesions were found.
This review of the literature found that the heart and lungs are stable and the aortic valve is still working as normal. The lungs are not expanding or contracting. The aorta is still functioning normally. The airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The hernia is stable. The heart appears normal in size. The shoulder is still intact. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but the shoulder is in need of surgery.
This review of trials found that the size of the lungs and airways was normal. The number of patients with a new lung and airway obstruction was similar to the previous one. The size of heart chambers and vessels was similar. The majority of patients had normal heart and lung size. The main problem was that the study was too small to detect any new lung or airway obstructions. The study did not find any new pleurons. The evidence is current to March 2021. The review found that there were no new lung obstructions or new pleural effusions. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No new lung obstruction was found. The aorta was normal in shape and the aortic valve appeared to be in the normal course and caliber of the aortal artery. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This review of trials found that the following organs were normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleurons: No evidence of lung disease. No evidence that the lungs have been clogged. No signs of airway obstruction. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of trials found that the aortic valve leaflets were still intact and that the heart and blood vessels were still normal. However, the aortal lung and airways were scarred. The thyroid gland was still growing normally. The aorta was still normal and the thyroid gland had not changed in size. The heart and vessels were normal. No changes in the number of patients with aortitis. The hernia was still there. The right thyroid gland appeared to be normal. The left common carotid artery was normal. There was no evidence of any abnormal bone growth. The neck and chest wall were normal and no changes in size of the aorts were seen. The airways did not change in size or shape. The thoracic adenopathy was not different between patients. The bone growth was normal and there was no change in the amount of bone growth in the neck or the number or size of patients who had a bone growth on the thyroid.
This review of trials found that lung and airway nodules are stable and that the heart and vessels are still large. There is a small hernia in the left adrenal gland. There are no aggressive bones or other bone lesions. There was no evidence of a serious lung disease. There were no major complications.
This review of trials found no significant change in the size of the lung or the pleura. The airways are patent. No significant change was found in the number of patients with pleural effusions. No major changes were found in other parts of the body. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a type of carotidi artery, are the same as the right and left. Mild heart and vessel calcifications are the usual result. The aortic artery is the same size and shape. The right and the left heart and the aorta are the normal size. The left heart is the size, shape, and shape as usual. The abdomen is the normal shape. No serious complications were found.
This review of trials found no evidence of cancer in the lungs. However, there is a persistent hernia in the left upper lobe/lingula of the neck, likely due to radiologic treatment. There is no clear evidence of lymph node growth.
This review of trials found that the size of the thyroid gland and the thyroid cells was normal. The thyroid cells were not affected by any aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels were normal in size. The kidneys were normal. No aggressive bone disease was observed. The lung was stable. The aortic valve was normal in shape. The nose and throat did not show any evidence of obstruction. The left lower lobe of the left lung was not affected. The right upper lobe was affected by a 6 mm nodule of clinical concern. The bronchial wall was thickening with new right posterior basilar subsegmental atelectasis, which could be secondary to impacted airway. No pleural effusions were observed. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The kidney cysts appeared to be normal. There was no evidence of aggressive bone diseases. The body's soft tissues were normal and no aggressive bone lesions were found, but the thyroid glands were not well protected.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal. No abnormal thyroid gland growths or abnormalities were found. No evidence of obstruction of the airways or of obstruction in the lungs was found. The aorta of the aortic valve is normal and the achondraeum of the heart is large. No abnormalities were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the achaemic muscle.
This review of trials found that the heart and lungs appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pericordial obstruction was noted. No pleural effusion was reported. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The aorta of the heart is 36 mm long and the aortic artery calcifications are not seen. The stomach is normal. The liver is normal and the kidneys are normal. There is no evidence of damage to the liver. The kidneys are not abnormal. The pancreas is normal in shape. The bowel is normal, but the stomach is not normal.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid lobe mass in the right thyroid lobe (the 'lungs' or 'pleurons' of the lungs) is still large, but not large or large. The thyroid lobe is still stable in size. The heart appears normal in size and there are no signs of narrowing of the vessels. The airways are patent. No new thoracic adenopathy has been found. There are mild coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported.
This review of trials found that the presence of abnormal growths in the lungs and the airways of people with thyroid disease is consistent. However, the size of these growths is not consistent. There is evidence that the lungs may be enlarged, and that the aortic valve is slightly larger. There are no reports of any serious side- effects. The thyroid gland is also enlarging. There was no evidence of any major side-effects. The aorta is slightly bigger than usual, and the heart is slightly wider. There were no reports that the heart was bigger. There may be some evidence that there is some evidence of enlargement of the aorts of the lungs. There appears to be no evidence that this is due to the use of aortas. There seems to be little evidence that these are more common in people with aortitis. There has been no evidence to suggest that these enlargements are due to a change in the type of thyroid gland.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules, or any other abnormal lung or airway growths. No new or worsening of the disease. No pleural effusion. No abnormal thyroid growth. No aggressive bone lesions. No evidence of cancer. No abnormalities of the thyroid gland. No signs of cancer in the thyroid. No adverse events.
This review of trials found that the following are stable: lungs/airways/Pleura: Lungs/Pneumonia: Lung and airway closure is stable. No new or enlarging nodles, or any new or suspected densities. No pleural effusion. Lungs and airways: No new adenopathy. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and mild aortic valve calcifications. Lower abdominal wall: Reported in one trial separately. Upper abdominal wall and thigh: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerotic lesion in T5 vertebral body. Mild biapical scarring.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No pericardial effusion was reported. The thyroid gland appears normal. The aorta is normal. No abnormal growths were found, but the aortic valve was not widened. The breast tissue is normal and the breast tissue surrounding the thyroid is not affected. The cancerous tissue around the aurea is not growing. The lymph nodes are not enlarged. The tumour surrounding the aortal thyroid is normal, and the aural tree is not expanding. The tracheobronchial tree has not been grown back. The heart is normal size and the vessels of both breasts are not affected, but there is a small amount of tissue missing.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size and the lungs and airways are not blocked. However, there is evidence of a small amount of thyroid gland growth. There is no evidence of cancer of the thyroid glands. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in appearance. The heart and vessels appear normal in shape. The aorta is normal and the aortic valve is normal. The airways appear clear and the pleural effusion is not blocked, but there is no obstruction of the pleura. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The included portion of thyroid glands is unremarkable.
This review of trials found that lung and airway nodules overall were smaller and had less volume in the upper and lower lungs. No new consolidations were found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lungs. The heart and vessels were normal in size. The central airways were patent. No pleural effusion was found. The right rib fracture healed.
The review of trials found that the following lung and airways were normal in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were seen. No pericardial effusion was reported. No pleural or arterial calcification was reported, but the aortic valve and aortical valve and the aortal artery calcifications were found. The esphaginae (e.g., esophageal muscle) and the soft tissue around the esphagus are patulous. The aorta (aortic vein) is 36 mm long. The heart is normal in length. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. The right lung base is at a normal level. The left lung base has a small, but stable, atelectasis. The upper abdomen is reported separately. No calcification of the aortsic valve or the aural valve was found. No evidence of pericordial effusions was found, but aorticular calcification and arterial calcium calcification were found in the aureic valve. The oesseus is in a state of constant thrombosis.
This review of the literature found that lung and airways changes were seen in the left lung and pleura. The right lung and the aorta also showed changes. The thyroid gland was not affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels were normal in size. The aortic and aorticular chambers were normal. The lymph nodes were not affected and the thyroid gland appeared to be normal. No abnormal growths were found in the lower thyroid gland.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways of the upper lobe of the neck are still intact, but the patient's lungs are not breathing well. The patient's neck is still scarred, but not inflamed. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta is still normal. The abdomen is still flat and the thyroid gland appears atrophied. The cancer is still present but not active. The surgeon is still trying to get the thyroid glands to grow back to normal size.
This review of trials found that the right lung wall was expanding and the left lung was thinning, but the right side of the lung was still solid. The left lung had a small but not large left ventricle (5:75) and the right atrium (5.75). The left upper lobe had a large left lung (5/75) that was still expanding. The right lung had an open space (5 ventricular apex infarct) that had not been filled in for over a decade. The thyroid gland was still growing normally. The cancer of the thyroid gland is still growing but the thyroid is not large. The heart and vessels were also expanding. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The evidence is current to July 2021.
This review of trials found that there is a spiculate mass in the right upper lobe of the right lung, which is part of the bronchus, and encases the right mainstem bronchum. This spiculated mass is a large, spiculous, spindle-like mass, which may be the cause of post-breathless lung failure. There is no evidence of any other serious lung disease. There are no signs of pleurigny (bronchitis), and the heart and blood vessels are not affected. There may be some calcification of the aortic and the main pulmonary arteries, which are the main cause of lung failure, but these are not aggressive. There was no clear evidence of pleurethral effusion (briefly blocked) or pleurinopathy. There were no signs that the left adrenal gland was affected. The left thyroid gland is not affected, and the right adrenal glands are not damaged. There appears to be no evidence that the right heart is affected. No evidence of bone disease was found. The main lung is not enlarged. The heart is not large or large. The aortics (aortic arteries) are not large. There seems to be little or no evidence for bone disease.
This review of trials found that the right upper and middle lobe of the thoracic spine was stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bony lesions were found in the sternum. The right upper lobe of aortic valve was normal size. The left upper lobe was normal. No abnormal growths were found, but the right aorta was larger than usual. The aortas were normal. The heart and vessels were stable. The thoracoskeletons were clear. The thyroid gland was normal and the thyroid gland had normal thyroid function. The pulmonary artery was normal in the thoracentric vein. The arteries were normal size and the aortes were normal in both the arial and the pulmonary vein. Moderate atherosclerotic ( calcifications) calcifications of the aortal artery and aorte were found but not seen in the apertures. The post-surgic heart and aperture were stable, and the thorax was clear. No major changes were found to be abnormal. The lung and airways were clear, but there was no new or worsening of the lung disease. The abdomen was clear, and no new growths or enlargement of the lymph node was found.
This review of trials found that the left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in the right lung is still the same. There is an enlargement of the tubular nodule next to this nodule. These nodules are new going back to study from 2020. The right lower lobe lymph nodes are still the size of normal thyroid. The left lower lung is normal. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusions or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary arteries are normal. No aggressive bone lesions. The bone structure of the lower abdomen is normal and no aggressive bone disease is noted. The thyroid gland is normal size and normal thyroid gland volume. The thoracic spine is normal in size. The aortic aorta is normal, and the aortus (a blood vessel) is normal sized. The spine is not affected by any cancer. The cancer is not spreading to the lungs or the airways. The bones of the abdomen are normal and there is no evidence of cancer. However, the bone structure and the soft tissue surrounding the abdomen is changing. This is normal with age.
This review of trials found that the right thyroid lobe is heterogeneous. The right thyroid is normal in size. The left thyroid is not normal in shape. The aortic artery is normal and the aorta is 34 mm long. The heart is normal. The lungs are normal in volume. The airways are normal. No evidence of obstruction of airways or pleural effusion. The thyroid is heterogeneously distributed. The neck is normal, but the left thyroid lobe has a thinning and thickening of the bronchial wall. The chest wall is normal (not thickened) and the left breast is normal size. No signs of obstruction in the thyroid. The arteries of the heart and vessels are normal (normal) and there is no evidence of blockage of the aorts. The nose is normal but the aureus is not large enough to reach the lungs. The breast is not thickened. The liver is normal with no evidence that the thyroid is affected. The kidneys are normal and there was no evidence for obstruction of the thyroid or the aortal artery. The abdomen is normal; the left shoulder is normal due to the repair of the shoulder. The upper abdominal wall is not affected. No abnormal findings were reported.
This review of the literature found that the following parts of the thoracic spine were not affected: Lungs/Pleura: Scattered granulomas. No abnormal growths. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways: Clear. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion (under the skin) of the abdomen is unblemish. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in the thorax are seen. Heart and Blood Vessel: No abnormal enlargement of the heart. No thyroid gland enlargement. No cancer of the lymph node. No consolidations or ground glass. Mild bronchiectis. No evidence of cancer of lung or lymph node growth. No abnormalities of the thyroid gland. No changes in bone density. No signs of cancer in the thyroid. No serious adverse events. No adverse events in the liver.
This review of trials found that the following changes in lung function were not seen in the prior study. The review also found that there were no new or enlarging lung nodule or pleuromuscular abnormalities. The remaining visualized organs were normal. The quality of the trials was moderate.
This review of trials found that the size of the upper lobe nodule was stable, but the size and shape of the bronchus was not. The bronchial wall was thickening. The thyroid was unremarkable. The aorta was normal in size. The hernia was not large. The left upper lobe had a small hernia. The right upper lobe was stable. The nose was not well-defined. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The neck was not badly scarred. No evidence of cancer was found. No serious adverse events were reported.
This review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the brain is still large and healthy, and that the lungs are still intact. The heart is still normal in size and the aorta is still in place. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. No pericardial effusion has been observed. No pleural effusion is reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed in the lung. No abnormal swelling of the lymph nodes has been reported. The airways are patent.
This review of trials found that some of the cysts have been growing for a long time, but the size of the growths is small. Some of the cancer has spread to the lungs and some have not. The cancer has not spread to other parts of the body. The review also found that the cancer is spreading to the heart and vessels. The heart and vessel size are normal. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The lungs and airways are not affected. The aortic valve calcifications are not abnormal. The neck and shoulders are normal in size. The upper arm and lower leg are normal and the aorta is normal. No abnormal bone lesions have been observed. The bone growths in the neck and the shoulder are not unusual. The breast and the lower arm appear to be normal. However, the breast and lower arm are not large enough to be of benefit. The ribcage of the ribcages is not abnormal, but there is a possibility that it may be damaged. The bones of both breasts and the rib cage may be affected. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high.
This review of the literature found that there are some scattered lung nodule patterns in the right lung. There are chronic peripheral consolidations in the left middle and left lower lobe of the right lungs. There is no evidence of lymphadial inflow. The main lung artery (the left main vein) is dilate, suggestive of high blood pressure. No aggressive osseus (a nerve in the neck) lesion is seen. A mild compression fracture of T6 vertebral body (neck vertebra) is seen, but the bone is not broken. No thoracic lymphadopathy is identified.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, the thyroid is not growing normally and the thyroid enlarges in the right middle lobe. The thyroid gland enlarges when it contracts, but this is not a major problem. The right thyroid gland also grows slowly, but the size of the enlargement is not abnormal. The aorta (a large vessel) is not large and the aortic valve (a tube that leads to the heart) is still intact. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The left thyroid gland does, in fact, grow slowly. The nose and throat are not swollen and the left lung is not swollen. The lungs are not expanding and the right lung is normal. The heart is normal and the vessels are normal.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways appear normal and the aorta and heart appear to be in good shape. The aortas and vessels appear to have normal size. The pulmonary arteries appear to run along the same course and are of the same length. The left jugular vein is slightly dilated (32 mm). The left internal jugular central venous catheter (SVC) tip (the tube that feeds the jugular) is in the SVC. The right upper lobe of the heart is solid and the right upper and both the left lower lobe are solid. No pleural effusion (pneumothorax), pleurisy (pneural block) or pleuritis (pulothorace). No thoracic adenitis (adenitis) is known. No percardial (pulpoid) effusion is known to be a problem. No aggressive bone lesions are known.
This review of trials found that the following signs of large lung disease were not seen in the published studies: - The left lung is still large, but the right lung is not. - The right lung has a small number (4 mm) of nodles (pulps) in the right lobe. - There is no evidence of pleurisy (worsenage) of the lung. - No evidence of a narrowing in the airways. - Commonly occurring bone lesions are not seen. - Normal thyroid. - Thyroid gland is normal size. - Heart and vessels are normal size and there is no pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal. - Pulmonary vein is normal in size.   The right lower lobe of the right lower lung has small nodules. - Lungs are clear. - Pneumothorax is not reported. - Urinary tract is clear.  No aggressive bone lesions.  The left lower lobe has a normal thyroid gland.  There is normal thyroid.  Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of the literature found no evidence of any major problems with the lungs, airways, or heart. The heart appears normal. The lungs appear to be normal in size. There is no evidence that the lungs are clogged or that there is any evidence of a problem with pleural effusion. The airways appear to have normal airways and there is no clear evidence of an abnormal enlarging of the aorta. The aortic valve is not inflamed. The abdomen is not swollen. The bones of the abdomen and the soft tissues of the stomach and the chest are intact. The fracture of the right rib is not large. The bone fractures are not deep enough to be of concern.
This review of the evidence from the literature found that the heart and lungs were not affected by the disease. The heart appears to be normal in size. No abnormal lung function was observed. No evidence of abnormal swelling of the lungs or of the airways was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland was not affected. The aortic valve calcifications were not seen. No abnormalities were noted.
This review of the literature found that the following structures of the brain, lungs, and airways were affected: - Lungs/Airways/Pleura: - Plainly thickened, but not abnormal, septal septum (septal narrowing) and pleurethral (pulvus) effusions. - Plain, but unremarkably thin, sepsis-like symptoms. - Mediasts/lymphs: - Mild, but unremarkable, enlargement of the mediastinum/lungs. - Mildly enlarging, but still unremoving, lymphnose/liver node. - Large, but unfractionate, aortic valve calcifications. - No pericardial (aortic) effusion. - Sliced, but undiplicated bone lesion in T10 (neck) vertebral body, probably an island.
This review of the literature found that the following are the findings of radiologic studies: Lungs/Pleura: No evidence of lung or airway enlargement. No evidence that the lung or lung wall is bulging. No signs of narrowing. Lungs and airways: No signs that the lungs are bulging or that the airways are clogged. No abnormal growths of lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: No abnormal enlargement of the diastrum. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the thorcis vertebra. Osseous structure: Benign, lucent and soft tissue lesions. No abnormally large bone lesions in the left third rib. No serious bone lesions, but no aggressive bone growth. No changes in bone structure. No major changes in function. No abnormalities in the aureus. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is not affected by thyroid cancer. However, the thyroid is not growing normally and the body's thyroid gland may be affected. The thyroid gland appears to be affected but not in a major way. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No aggressive bone lesions. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminate in the SVC. Large amount of thrombus in the right jugular vein, which was only partly immaged. No evidence of thrausus or pericordial fibrusus. No adverse events were noted.
This review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. The lungs and airways appear to be normal in shape. No evidence of obstruction of the lungs or of narrowing of the airways. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The neck and lower limbs appear to have normal thickness. The spine appears to be stable. No abnormal bone lesions have been observed.
This review of trials found that the following are the results of the same review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobranchial tree is patent. Mild bronchial walls thickening consistent with airways disease. A right chest tube enters at the seventh/eighth intercostal space. The tip of the tube terminates anteriorly in the middle lobe of the right middle lobe. A small right anteriorly layering pneumothorax (pneural gap) is seen (6 mm air gap) on axial images. There is no evidence of a thoracic adenopathie (a narrowing in the airway). Subsegmental at electasis (a swelling in the right lung) is noted in the left lung. This is not definitive in the setting of at electosis. A very small right upper lobe (the left apex) ground glass (nodule), likely post-infection, is present. Mediastinum/L lymph node: No thoracics (nadias) are seen. Heart and Vessel: Heart is large and normal. No percardial (a hole) effusion. Normal course and size (a normal amount) of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Punctate calcified granuloma (a mass in the liver). No bone lesions. Osseus (e.g. bones) and Soft Tissues: No bone abnormalities.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in shape. The heart appears normal in diameter. The lungs/airways/pneumonia: Large degree of right lower lobe collapse. Subsegmental atelectasis at the left lower lobe. Small right and trace left pleural effusions. No significant change in size or distribution of pulmonary metastases. The lung metastases demonstrate an increase in cavitation. No evidence of pneumonitis. No abnormal growths of the lungs. The aortic artery and aorta: No abnormal enlargement. No percardial (aortic) effusion. The right aorte is not abnormal. The left aortocephalus (a percord) is not normal. The liver: Extensive hepatic metastatic disease. No cancer of the hepatic tract. No aggressive bone lesions. Worsening anasarca. No changes in the anascarcas. The stomach: No aggressive growth. No signs of cancer of either the stomach or the bowel. No serious cancer of both the stomach, bowel or the liver. The abdomen: No evidence that the stomach is abnormal. No major cancer. The bowel is normal. No abnormalities of the bowel or bowel. The abdominal ascite: No serious disease. The upper abdomen is not affected. The neck is not changed. The lower abdomen is still in the process of being dissection.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. No abnormal growths or abnormalities were observed. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid was found. The thyroid gland was not affected by cancer. The heart and vessels were normal in shape. No abnormalities were found. However, the thyroid glands were not affected. The left breast was affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the breast. The patient is expected for a further mammogram in July 2021. The cancer is not in the lymph nodes.
This review of trials found that the size of the thyroid nodules and the size (or lack) of the lymph node in the neck and the esphageal wall are decreasing. There is some evidence of a trend towards a decrease in the size, but the size and shape of the nodule is not changed. The neck and chest wall are still thin. The thyroid is still growing but the growth is not large. The heart and vessels are normal size. The aorta (a blood vessel) is normal size and the aortic artery is large. No new lymph nodes or paraesophageal nodules are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the thyroid. The cancer of the aortal artery is not growing larger. The bone growth in the aortsa is normal. The arteries of the heart and vessel are normal. No abnormal growths of the coronary arteries or the aorteda are seen and no new cancer growths are seen, but there is a trend to a decrease. The left lung is still thin and the airway is clear. The right lung has a normal size, and the left lung has normal blood flow. The surgeon is still using the same procedure to open the left chest. The surgery is not required. The most recent study was from July 2015.
This review of trials found that the size of the lung nodules was stable in the most recent study from 2010. However, the size was increased in the previous study. The right middle lobe pulmonary nodule was unchanged in size going back to the most current study from December 2020. The left middle lobe lung nodule is still there and is likely to be the same size when the next study is done. There are no new or enlarging lung nodles. The thyroid gland is still normal. No new thyroid nodules have been found. The heart and vessels are normal size. No abnormal growths of the heart or vessels have been identified. No aggressive growths have been reported. No evidence of abnormal growth of the aorta or the aureus has been found in the aortal arteries. The aortic valve is normal size and the arial arteries are not abnormal. No signs of large airway disease have been noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. The upper and lower airways are clear. No serious adverse events have been described. No cancer of the lungs or the airways has been reported, but there are some signs of bronchial swelling. No bone growths or other abnormal growth have been seen. No bones have been shown to be abnormal. The spine is normal. The major arteries and vessels of the thoracic aortas are not abnormally large. No calcifications of the arteries and the heart and aortus are seen. The lower abdomen is unremarked.
This review of trials found that the upper and lower rib cage were similar. However, the rib cage was not clearly defined and the rib cages were not well defined. The rib cage appeared to be in a slightly different shape. The upper rib cage had a similar shape to the rib corsets. The lower rib cages appeared to have a similar curve. No acute fracture was identified. The heart and vessels appeared normal. The endotral tube was not seen to be leaking. The chest was not well described. The lung was not clear. The aortic valve was not shown. The other major complications were not reported. The review found that there was a similar pattern of open lung and pleura (bronchogram) opacities. The results of the review suggest that the operation may be related to the presence of a broken rib.
This review of the literature found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The lungs appear to be unbroken and the airways are patent. There is a small but not significant fracture of the left lateral 5th rib. There are no signs of pulmonary contusion. There was no evidence of pulmonary obstruction. There were no signs that the lungs were clogged or that the airway was blocked. There may be some evidence of soft tissue stranding of the rib spaces, which is likely post-traumatic. The lower thoracic ribs are either only partial or not visualized. There appears to have been no acute fracture. The neck and limbs are unbroken. The aorta is normal. The heart appears normal. There seems to be no evidence that the lung is clogged. The chest is unbroken, and the lungs appear unclogged. There appear not to be any signs of lung obstruction. The upper thoracoskeletons appear to have normal size.
This review of the available evidence shows that the heart and vessels of the aorta are large, but not large by the standards of the standard clinical practice. The aortas are not large and the lungs are not big. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen, but there is a possibility that there may be some bone growth in the lymph node. The imaging quality of the evidence is poor due to the patient's body habit.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways of patients with chronic bronchitis are not blocked and that the heart and vessels are not affected. The heart and vessel size are not abnormal. The lung and airway size are normal. The lungs are not stuck and the airways are not clogged. No evidence of lung disease. No signs of obstruction of the airway or of obstruction in the lungs. No serious complications were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No reports of perioperative lung disease were reported, but the heart appears to be normal. No pericardial effusion was noted. No adverse effects were reported for the lungs or the vessels.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleurys/Pulmonary artery: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pleuritus. Lungs and Pulmonary artery are normal size. Pulmonary vein: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulinary artery is normal size and no aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesion. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of trials found that the number of thyroid nodules in the right lung has not changed since the prior study. However, the number and size of the nodule in the aorta have also not changed. The thyroid nodule on the right side of the neck has not grown larger. The left lung has also not grown bigger. The right upper lobe of the thyroid nodulothoracic muscle (the 'pleuromuscle'), which is the most prominent of the two thyroid noduli, has not been affected. The aortic artery is normal size. No new or enlarging thyroid nodles have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of any abnormal growth of thyroid cells. The abdominal cavity is clear. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No abnormal growths of bone have been identified. The review found no evidence that thyroid nodular disease is a serious problem.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is still active and the thyroid is still growing. However, the thyroid has been affected by thyroid cancer. The thyroid gland has been damaged and has been associated with a range of adverse effects. The review also found that there is a lack of evidence of thyroid gland damage. The left lung is still stable, but there is some concern that it may be losing size. The right lung is also still growing, but the left is still getting smaller. The heart and vessels are still large, but not large. There is no evidence of any new thyroid adnopathies. The aorta is still normal in shape. The stomach is still intact. There are no new thyroid lesions. There was no evidence that the aortic valve was affected. There were some reports of a change in the size of the aurea. There appeared to be no new cancerous growths in the thyroid glands. There may be no evidence for thyroid cancer in the stomach. There appears to be a lack in the aural drainage of the thyroid. There seems to be little evidence for cancerous spread of the lymph nodes. There appear to be few new bone lesions.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence that any of the sub-5 mm lung nodule patterns are still stable. However, there is some evidence that there are some small, but not large, lymph nodes that are still growing.
This review of the literature found that the size of the lung mass in the upper lobe of the thoracic spine was the same in the two years since the original study was done. This finding was confirmed in the latest study published in November 2014. The findings of this review indicate that the lung is still normal size and the airways are clear. No new noncalcified pulmonary nodules have been found. The main problem is that the disease is not progressing at the same rate as the other studies have reported. The review also found that there are no new aggressive bone lesions. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review of trials found that the following organs were normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleurys/Pulmonary arteries: No evidence of abnormal growth of lung tissue. Mild bronchiectasis with a lower lobe predominance. Milder bronchiectomy of the bronchiels. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence that lung and airway nodule size or shape are changing. However, the presence of small airway disease, likely due to the presence and presence of pleural effusion, is likely to be accentuated by expiratory (expiratory) phase (expectation) of the radiologic imaging. There is a stable 1.1 cm left axillary node. There are no new or enlarging lung nodule. There was a 1.2 cm left thyroid heterogeneous nodule, which is stable. There were no new and enlarging pulmonary nodules. There may be some evidence of a stable angina in the left lower lobe of the heart. There has been no new growth of the thyroid. There have been no aggressive bone lesions. There appears to be no evidence of any new growth in the upper abdomen. There seems to be a stable enlargement of the posterior mitral annulus. There appeared to be little or no new enlargement in the right heart. The heart and vessels are stable. The airways are patent. There appear to be some calcification of the left heart wall. There remains a stable right chest wall.
This review of the literature found that lung consolidation and volume loss were not uncommon. However, the number of patients with a normal lung size and the size of the aorta (a narrow blood vessel) were not the same. The aortas were larger and the achilles were more pronounced. The heart and vessels were larger. The thyroid gland was normal. The lungs were smaller and the airway was smaller. The right lung was larger and there was a small but noticeable difference in the size. The left lung was smaller and there were fewer pleural effusions. No patients had a pneumothorax. The number of people with a heart attack was similar. The risk of aortic anemia was similar between the patients. The quality of the evidence was low. The review found that the risk of an aneuriesis was the same as the risk with the prior CABG. The main limitation of this review was that the number and size of pleurons and the length of the lung were not similar.
This review of trials found that the following are the results of the same study from the prior study. The review found that there is a lot of evidence that the neck and chest of the neck of the thoracic spine is getting worse. There is no new evidence that there are new lung nodles. There are no new signs of lung or airway nodule. There was no new information about the thyroid. There were no signs of cancer of the thyroid gland. There may be some new signs that the thyroid is getting smaller. There has been no new abnormal growth of cancer cells in the thyroid or thyroid gland in the neck or the lymph node. The thyroid gland is normal size. There have been no abnormal growths in other parts of the body. There seems to be no new cancer cells. The neck and the chest of both the neck, the thyroid and the aorta are getting smaller and the heart and vessels are getting larger. There appears to be little or no new growth of new abnormal cells. There appear to be normal blood flow to the thyroid, thyroid gland and the thyroid bone. There seem to be similar numbers of people with normal thyroid function. There does not seem to have been any new cancer growths. There appeared to be a similar number of people without cancer whose thyroid was affected.
This review of clinical trials found that the following organs were normal size. Lungs/Pleura: No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic lymph nodes. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracica aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size and no pericardial effusion. Severe coronary artery calcification: Severe atherosclerotic ( calcified) calcifications of the aort and aortas. Upper Abdomen: The visualized portion (of the abdomen) of the organs are unimpressive. No aggressive bone lesions. Rutural age-related changes in the thorax: Rutual changes in bone and soft tissue are routine.
This review of trials found that lung and airway obstruction was more common in the left lung. There was a small increase in the amount of fluid in the central airways. There is a small decrease in lymph nodes and lymph nodes in the right lung. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There are mild coronary artery calcifications. There were no major complications. The findings of this review are based on a single trial. The review found that there is a new ground glass opacity 0.8 cm higher in the lower lobe of the left lower lobe. There may be a new type of obstruction in the middle lobe. The left lung is slightly larger than the right. There appears to be no obstruction in either the aorta or the heart. There seems to be little or no difference in the number of patients with cancerous growths in the heart and vessel walls. There appear to be few complications. There appeared to be a small reduction in the size of the cancerous spread in the liver and lymph node walls. The bone metastases were found to be more prominent in the bone. There seemed to be some evidence of cancerous spreading in the lungs and the soft tissues.
This review of trials found that the following things are normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleurons: There are a few small, scattered granulomas in the upper lobe of the lung. Some of these are likely related to the presence of a small, thin layer of bone in the lung that forms around the pleura (the lining of the lungs). There is a thin layer in the right lower lobe of this lung. There is no evidence of a large, dense mass in the aortic artery. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoraco-aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta are rare. Calcifications of aortia are rare and are likely to be due to the lack of blood flow to the aortal arteries. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
This review of trials found that the heart and lungs appear normal in size. The lungs appear to be stable but there is a small amount of evidence of fibrotic lung disease. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aortic valve calcifications are not well defined. The kidneys and other organs appear normal. The heart and vessels appear to have normal size.
This review of the literature found that the following parts of the thoracic spine were not affected: Lungs/Pleura: No abnormal growths. No abnormal lung growth. Lungs and airways: No abnormalities. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Puluses: No suspicious pulmonary nodule. Pulus: No pericyclic or pleuromuscular growth. Pulum: Normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No significant changes in the bone structure. No aggressive disease of the bone. There is a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast in series 5 image 221. There are no aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of trials found that there is a lot of evidence that there are some abnormal growths in the lungs. There is evidence that the lungs are getting smaller and that there may be some abnormal swelling. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There are no abnormal growth patterns. There was no evidence that any of the other organs were affected. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There may be a lot more abnormal growth in the breast. There appears to be no evidence of any abnormal growth of the aorta. There seems to be a lack of evidence of abnormal growth within the aortal lymph nodes and the lymph nodes around the heart.
This review of the literature found that the right middle lobe lung nodule remains stable. There is no new or enlarging lung nodulosity. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There were no aggressive lymphadenopathies. There are no aggressive lesions in the right rib. Sclerotic lesions in both the right and left rib are still stable.
This review of trials found no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the left lung. However, there is a trace of a right pleural effusion. No aggressive lymphadenectomy is seen.
This review of trials found that the cavitary lesion in the right apex of the heart is still the same size and has not changed since the last time we looked. There are multiple calcifications and a fluid level in this lesion. There is also a large amount of fluid in the aorta. There has been a trend towards a larger aureole of the aureus (a large opening) and aortic arch (a narrow canal in the heart) expanding. There have been some changes in the shape of the lungs. There was no new lung growth. There were no new pleural effusions. There appeared to be no new pulmonary nodule. There may be some changes to the shape and size of the thyroid gland. There appears to be little or no difference in the size of thyroid gland and thyroid gland tissue. There seems to be a lack of evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. There appear to be normal thyroid gland volume and normal blood flow. There does not appear to have been any new abnormal growths. There seem to be some abnormal changes in other parts of bone and soft tissue.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a new or enlarging lung nodule. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a difference in the risk of lung cancer in people with angiobulmonary fibrosis. There is no aggressive lung cancer. However, there is a small number of small, diffuse, sub-4 mm (sub-4 cm) lung nodule patterns. These are not consistent with a clear difference in lung cancer risk.
This review of trials found no evidence of interstitial disease. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were found in the lung. No aggressive lesions were found on the sternum. The aorta was normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the arteries and aortas were seen. The thyroid gland was normal. No abnormal thyroid gland growth was observed. The heart and vessels were stable after heart transplant. No pericardial effusion. Mild air trapping was observed in the expirory image. No other findings to suggest that the aortic aortus was affected. The upper abdomen was not clearly different. No changes in the structure of the abdomen were seen, but the size of the vessels was normal, and the heart and blood vessels were normal.
This review of trials found that the following are the results of the same study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic trachea. There is a moderate right and small left, partially locoted, partially blocked pleural effusion. There are overlying consolidative opacities with air bronchograms that most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis, however component of aspiration /consolidation is not excluded due to scattered right greater than left ground glass opacity that are suspicious for aspiration. No definite pneumothorax is seen. Lung and lymph nodes: Pneumomediastinum and fat stranding is postoperative. Mildly prominent lymph nodes are reactive. Heart and Vessels: Status post aortic valve replacement and left atrial appendage ligation. There was no aggressive osseous lesion. There were no aggressive oesophageal or soft tissue lesions. There appeared to be no obstruction of the oeso-vascular vessels. There appears to be a moderate to small left atrium effusion of simple fluid. There may be a small pericardial effusion, but this is not definite.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways were normal in size and that the aorta (a large vein) was normal. However, the aurea was slightly narrowed, which can be seen in people with high blood pressure. The aortic aortas were slightly dilated, which is a sign of atelectasis. The liver was slightly lobed in contour. The spleen was normal to mildly enlarged. The stomach was not clearly bulged. No aggressive oesophageal cancer was identified. The main pulmonary artery was dilated. No oeso-pneumonia was noted. The oesosseous vessels were not seen to be abnormal. No serious oesociations were noted.
This review of trials found that there is a lot of fluid around the esophageal and lymphatic junction. There is also extensive thickening of the bronchiolar and bronchial wall (worsen of the airways). There is a 3 mm lung nub (nodule), which is a small but prominent sign of bronchitis. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusions are seen. No extravasated oral contrast is identified to suggest that the pleural artery is still open. No holdup of fluid collection is seen at the esphageal or lymph nodes. The heart and vessels are large, but not in size. The left hepatic artery is replaced to the aorta. The right hepatuberculous vein is not in the same place as the left. The aortic artery is not parallel to the heart. The liver is not connected to the the aortal artery. There are no signs of bone lesions. The upper abdomen is not swollen. The lower abdomen is unblempled. The evidence is current to January 2014.
This review of trials found that the chest tube is not long enough to reach the lungs, but is long and wide. There is a small amount of fluid in the stomach and there is a patchy patch of airway obstruction. There are no aggressive lesions in the lungs. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy. The heart size is normal. There were no aggressive lymphadenopathies.
This review of the literature found that the heart is large, but not large enough to be of any major concern. The heart is still too big to be a problem. There is no evidence of any serious complications. The right upper lobe of the chest has increased, with a slight increase in the size of the atelectasis (a swelling of the airway). There is a small but not aggressive oedema (wound) in the left upper lobe. There are no oedematous (worsening) oedles. The left lower lobe of this lobe has also grown, with an increase in leftward shift. There was not enough evidence to show if there was a difference in the number of oesoedema. The oedemic (e.g. oedysis) lesions were not aggressive. The kidney cyst was partially visualized, better characterized on recent CT abdomen pelvis. No aggressive oesosseous lesion was identified. The overall size of this cyst is stably enlarged.
This review of the literature found that there is a lot to look at. The review found that the following things are unchanged: chest and lung: There is a little blood in the chest, but no major bleeding. There is no evidence of a major obstruction. There are some small pockets of blood in both the chest and the lung. There was no evidence that the heart was enlarged. There were no major problems with the lungs. There may be some blood in bones and soft tissue. There has been no major obstruction with the heart. There appears to be no evidence for any major complications.
This review of trials found that the heart size is normal. There is no evidence of any major complications. The review also found that no aggressive angina or angina-like symptoms have been found.
This review of trials found that the lungs are normal size. The lungs are not affected by any of the following: - The lungs have a normal volume of air. - The airways are not blocked. - There is a small amount of blood in the lungs. - No evidence of obstruction of the airways. - A small amount is present in the chest. - Some of the arteries are blocked. There is no evidence of blockage of the heart. - We found that there is a large, dense mass of calcified calcification in the heart and arteries. - This is a dense mass that is likely to block the blood supply to the heart, but not to the lungs or lungs. This mass is probably not harmful. - More of the liver is normal. - In the liver, there are no new lesions. -  The spleen is prominent but not pathologically enlarged. - These lesions are not harmful, but there is evidence of scarring of the spleen. - All of the other organs are normal.   The liver is not affected. - None of the lymph nodes have been affected.  The heart is normal size and there is no obstruction. - Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are normal in size. There are no additional focal hepatic lesions. There was no evidence that there was any obstruction of either lung. - Liver and vessels: There is an indeterminate 1.6 cm lesion in the left adrenal gland, not definitely changed in size since 2002, which is reassuring. This lesion did not show increased uptake on PET/CT June 2012. - Pancreatic parenchyma: There are clips in the gallbladder fossa. - Large calcifications of the proximal abdominal aorta.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence that the tumour is still growing. Milder lung shrinkage is present, but there is still no evidence of a new tumour. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy.
This review of trials found that the size of the lung nodules was stable and that the lymph node size was normal. However, there were some abnormalities in the lymphoid tissue around the lungs. The lymph nodes were larger in the left lung. The thyroid gland was normal size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax were observed. The heart and vessels were normal. The abdomen was normal and the diaphragm was clear. The bone structure of the abdomen was not affected. The thoracic spine was normal in all trials. The evidence is current to January 2014.
This review of trials found that the left lung and the upper and lower lobe of the peribronchial capsule were still intact. The right lung was still intact, but the right lung had a small, but not large, pleurisy (bronchiolisporine) and the left pleural effusion (bony enlargement) was still there. The left lung was not completely clear, but there was no evidence of a major obstruction. The thyroid gland (thyroid) was not stable. There was no clear evidence of any major obstructions. There is a small but stable enlargment of the main lung (main artery), measuring 3.2 cm, in the setting of high blood pressure. There are no signs of obstructions in the heart or in the vessels. There may be some mild obstructions, but these are not serious. There were no signs that the heart was affected. There appears to be no evidence that the right adrenal gland was affected, but it is not clear if it was affected by the presence of a blood clot. There seems to be a small amount (2-3 mm) of blood in the left adrenal glands. There has been no evidence for a major block in the right thyroid gland. There have been no aggressive bone lesions. There appear to be few fractures in the rib cage. There does not seem to be any evidence of an obstructions to the heart.
This review of trials found that the following changes were observed: Lungs/Pleura: Mild paraseptal (breathless) emphysematous (bronchial) lung changes, with an upper lobe taking more of the burden. No pleurons or pleural (breathe out) effusion. No new pleuronuclear (bore) nodule or pleothoracic cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Postsurgical changes consistent with prior left nephrectomy. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Small hiatal hernia. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that the upper chest is filled with fluid, but no evidence that there are any major problems. There is no evidence of a major problem with the lungs. The heart is enlarged. There are no major problems with the pericardium. There was no evidence to suggest that there was any major problem in the periurethral or pleural cavity. There were no major complications. There may be some problems with bone and soft tissue.
This review of trials found that the size of the lung nodules in the right middle lobe of the thoracic aorta is the same as in the prior studies. No new or enlarging lung or pleural nodule has been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. The left upper lobe of aortic aurea (the main artery) is the size and shape of the aortas. The right middle and left upper lungs are the same. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size, and the aureas are clear. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. The body of the abdominal organs is normal. The soft tissues are normal. No abnormal growths have been reported in the thyroid gland. No abnormalities have been noted in the thoracentre or in the neck.
This review of trials found that the right thyroid lobe remains unchanged after surgery. There is a small hernia in the right thyroid. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The right thyroid is still growing at the base of the thyroid gland. There was no evidence of a change in the size of the right upper and middle lobes. There were no changes to the left thyroid. The left thyroid is growing at a normal rate. The thyroid is not growing at an abnormal rate. There may be some evidence that the thyroid is getting smaller. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There appears to be no evidence that there is any change in size of these vessels. The airways are patent. There seems to be little or nothing changed in the left lung. The lung is still intact. The aorta is still normal. The chest wall is still there. The cancer has not spread to the lungs. The bone in the lower abdomen is still solid. The bones in the upper abdomen are still intact, and there is a normal course of the aortic valve. The tumour in the stomach is still not growing. The lymph nodes are still growing. There appear to be similar to prior, likely granulomatous in nature. The neck is still white. The upper abdomen is not getting any larger. The lower abdomen has not changed in size or shape. The liver is still the same size and shape.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways are normal size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been detected. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways clear. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size and no new or enlarged lung nodules. Mild atherosis of the arteries, aortas and aortic veins. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral partial visualized hydronephrosis. Rutural bone lesions: Rutual bone lesions in the thorcis vertebra. Routine age- related changes in the spine. Intramusculous lipomas in the right back musculature in the left shoulder musculatures, a benign finding.
This review of trials found that the right upper lobe of the lung was still intact. The left lower lobe of this lung was not affected. The right lower lobe was still covered by a thin layer of glass. The heart and vessels were normal size. The lungs were clear. The neck and shoulders were not affected by any major bone lesions. The spine was not damaged. The arteries were normal. The aorta was normal size, but the coronary arteries were calcified. The liver and vessels did not show any major changes. The abdominal organs were unremarkable. The bone structure was normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The findings of this review are based on a single study. The results of the review are not consistent with the results of previous studies.
This review of trials found that the left lung is enlarged up to 3.3 cm in the aorta (the main artery) and the aureus (the lower lobe) is larger. The right lung is also larger. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The left lung has a normal volume of blood and the right lung has an abnormal volume. The heart and vessels are normal. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm is clear. The main pulmonary artery is larger than the aortal aortus (a blood vessel in the heart). There is also a small difference in the size of the lobar (lobus) and segment (seal) lung arteries. The lower abdomen is clear, but the left rib fracture is not healed. No aggressive bony lesions. No abnormal growths of the thyroid glands are seen. No evidence of thyroid adenopathies.
This review of trials found that there are a few small, diffusely spread lung nodule lesions in the left lung, but no large, aggressive lung lesions. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are seen. There is no evidence of lymphadial infusions.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence that the disease is spreading beyond the diaphragm. However, there is some evidence that it is spreading to the lungs.
This review of trials found that there is a small amount evidence of bone growth in the lungs, but no evidence of adenopathia. There is a calcified nodule in the left thyroid. The heart appears normal in size. There are no signs of pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal. There was no evidence that the aortic valve was blocked. There were no signs that the airways were blocked. The thyroid gland was calcified. There may be a small but not significant increase in the number of lymph nodes. There appears no evidence for any aggressive bone growth. There has been no evidence to suggest that the spine is affected.
This review of trials found that lung and airway changes were consistent with the surgical treatment of the right middle lobectomy. Branching lung nodules in the left lung are likely to be due to airway disease. No new or enlarging lung or airway nodule growth. No pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal heart and vessels. Moderate atherosclerosis of the coronary arteries and aortas. Moderate angina of the heart. No pericardial (hole) effusion. No pulmonary artery is large. No abnormal growth of blood vessels. No evidence of new bony lesions. No major complications. No additional surgery. No serious adverse events. No reports of adverse events or deaths. No significant adverse events were found.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid is not affected. However, the thyroid does not grow normally. The thyroid gland has a spiculated mass in the right upper lobe (the right major fissure) and is connected to the right minor fissures (fissure at its most prominent point). This spiculate mass is connected with the right fissur (fracture) at its least prominent point. This spicaule is a thin, spicified mass that is attached to the fissured fissuring. The nodule has an interface with the fisure and is linked with the left major fisur. The right major and right minorfissures are connected. The left major and left minorfisures are not connected. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax is noted. No pleural effusion is noted and no thoracic adenopathy is noted, but the thyroid remains unremarkable. Mildly thickened esophageal wall thickening can be seen in the setting of GERD. Small hiatus hernia can be observed in the heart and vessels. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Scattered lucent lesions in the spine (for example C7, T3 vertebral bodies).
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of cancer of the lungs, but there is some concern that there may be some evidence of a tumour in the chest. There is no clear evidence that the lymph node size is too large. There are some concerns that there are some lymph node enlargements in the breast tissue. There may be a tumurous mass in the breasts, but this is not a concern. There was no evidence that there was any cancer of lymph node growth. There were no reports of cancer in the heart. There appears to be no evidence for any cancer in either the lungs (bibsilar atelectasis/scarring) or the pleura (pulmonary embolism). There is some evidence that some lymph nodes may be enlarging in the upper breast tissue, but no evidence to support this. There seems to be little or no evidence about cancer of other parts of the body.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that there are some problems with the lungs, but no problems with pleural effusion. There is no evidence that the lungs are blocked. There are some abnormalities in the heart and vessels. There was no evidence of a problem with the airways. There were no problems in the lymph nodes. There may be some problems in some parts of the body.
This review of the literature found that there is a stable lung nodule in the right lung and pleura. There is a small hernia in the abdomen. There are no pleural effusions. There was a small increase in the number of lymph nodes in the lower neck area. There were no changes in the size of the heart or vessels. There appears to be no evidence of a change in the amount of fluid in the lungs. There may be a small swelling of the soft tissue around the lungs in the upper neck area, but this is not thought to be a new problem. There seems to be little or no difference in the volume of fluid around the heart. There appear to be stable lesions in the neck and in both the T1 and T10 vertebral bodies. There could be a stable lesion at the level of T10 that is likely to be an enlarging foraminal (forum), but this may be just a cyst. There does not seem be a change of size of heart or the vessels.
This review of six studies found that the esophagus remains stable, with no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The esophageal cavity is distended with fluid, predisposing to aspiration.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways are normal in size. The aorta is normal in caliber. The heart is normal. The lungs are not affected. The arteries are not blocked. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The kidneys are normal. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The shoulder is normal and the shoulder is not affected, but there are some abnormalities. The thyroid gland is normal, but the thyroid gland may be affected. There is a small thyroid gland in the left thyroid gland with a small, irregularly sized, but not aggressive, mass. The right thyroid gland has a small irregularly shaped mass. There was no evidence of any serious complications. The results of this review are not conclusive.
This review of trials found that the right middle and bilateral upper lobes of the thoracic spine are covered with a dense mass of air. This mass may be due to the presence of cavities (cavities) in the lungs or the presence (or both) of multiple cavities. The right middle lobe is covered with multiple pleurons (covils), which may be the cause of the swelling. The left middle lobe has a dense wall of air that may be caused by the growths of cavitary lesions (cranium). The left atrium is filled with a thin layer (pulvus) of blood. The upper lobe is filled in with a thick, thin layer of fluid. The lower lobe is unclothed. The thoracoskeletons of the lungs are unclotted. The chest wall is unclosed. The pulmonary artery is un clothed, but the right atrium has a thin, thin line. The heart and vessels are unblotched. The thyroid gland is normal size. The liver and thyroid gland are normal size and normal function. The lungs are not clogged. The abdomen is unblocked. The stomach is unbleached. The kidneys are normal. The bowel is normal. No aggressive bone lesions. The body is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The neck is normal and the chest wall has a thick layer of blood in the atrium. The brain is normal, but there is a thin line of blood between it and the neck. The spine is unbranched.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland appears to be in a similar condition to other thyroid glands. The heart appears normal in shape. The lungs are normal and the airways are patent. There is a new sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right middle lobe of the thyroid. There are multiple lymph nodes in the lower abdomen. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic lymph nodes. There were no pericardial effusions. The aorta (a narrow blood vessel) is normal. There may be a borderline enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, which can be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There appears to have been little or no change in the size of the aortas. There has been no evidence that the bone marrow has been damaged. There have been no reports of bone lesions. The patient is status post bilateral breast implants.
This review of trials found no evidence of pulmonary obstruction, pleurisy, or ataxia. However, there is evidence of a small hernias in the lower lobs. No aggressive angina is seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathies are observed. The findings of this review are not conclusive.
This review of the literature found that there are some indications that the heart may be enlarged. There is no evidence of a significant enlargement of the lung. There are some evidence that the liver may be enlarged. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of an enlarging lung. The liver is still too small to be of any use in the treatment. There were no signs of a narrowing of the airway. There may be some evidence of cancer of the liver. There appears to be some metastases in the liver, but the evidence is not strong. There seems to be no evidence for a significant increase in the risk of a lung cancer.
This review of trials found that lung and airways are normal size and clear. No lung or airway obstruction. No pneumothoral obstruction. Normal thyroid. Normal heart and vessel size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal pulmonary artery. No major artery calcification. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. No cancer of the thyroid.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and there is no clear evidence of a problem with the lungs. There are no signs of lung disease. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is no evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland. The heart is not large or thickened. There were no signs that the arteries were narrowed. There may be some calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great arteries are normal. The kidneys are normal in caliber. The soft tissues of the lower abdomen are not affected. No aggressive bone lesions are noted.
This review of trials found that there is a lot of evidence that the heart and lungs are scarred, but no new or enlarging noduloses have been seen. There is a small amount of fluid in the bicep muscle, and there is some fluid in both the bile and the biceps. There are no new and enlarging lymphomas. There may be some bone lesions, but these are not aggressive. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There was no evidence of any major complications.
This review of trials found that lung and airways abnormalities were more common in people with COPD. The lung and heart chambers appear normal in size. The airways are patent. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterials. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal in shape. The neck and lower abdomen are normal. The spine is not abnormal. The brain is normal. There is some evidence of a spicaulated lesion in the left lower lobe of the brain. There are multiple other lesions in the right lower lobe. There was no evidence of any other abnormal changes. The lymph nodes are normal and the aortas are not abnormal, but there is some concern about the presence of some lymph node lesions. The spinal cord is normal and there is no evidence that the spine has changed. The oesophageal wall is not normal.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung consolidation or obstruction. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were found in the lung. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was found. The abdominal organs were unremarked. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid gland was normal size and normal thyroid gland mass. The aortic aorta was normal. The upper abdominal organs did not change in size. The thoracic spine was normal in all trials. The neck and chest were normal. No abnormal bone lesions or abnormal tissue growth were found by CT.
This review of the literature found that there are several new lesions in the lungs, some of which are large and some small. There is a large mass in the left lung and a small mass (1.0 cm) in the right lung. There are also new lesions around the heart and vessels. There was no evidence of any new cancer in the lymph nodes. There were no new lesions on the thyroid gland. There may be some new lesions along the left rib cage. There could be new lesions near a bone in the neck. There might be new abnormal growths in the lower abdomen. There seems to be no new cancer growth in the T3 vertebral body. There appears to be a new abnormal mass in a muscle in the back of the neck that extends into the spinal canal. This may reflect changes in the spinal cord and may be due to cancer growth. There has been no evidence that there is new cancer of the thyroid glands. There have been no new abnormal lesions in any of the lymph node or thyroid gland structures. There appeared to be little or no new growth in any other parts.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent stable scarring in the right middle lobe. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adnopathies. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Please see separate assessment of the CT abdomen/pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions. No aggressive tissue lesions. Status post surgery: No new and enlarging of nodles, no pleurigny, and no new or worsening of the disease.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is still functioning normally. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thyroid. The thyroid gland has a normal size and shape. The left thyroid gland shows no signs of enlargement. No evidence of a change in the size of the thyroid glands. The right breast shows no evidence of any aggressive bone growth. The breast is still normal size. The lung is still intact. No signs of a difference in the amount of air in the lungs. The aorta is normal size, but the aortic valve is not large enough to be of benefit. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The lymph nodes are normal size but the thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. The cancer is still in the left thyroid and the thyroid has not been removed.
This review of the available evidence shows that the lungs and heart appear to be normal. There is a small pericardial effusion, but this is not a major problem. There are no signs of a pulmonary embolist. There was no evidence of a major lung injury. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There appears to be no evidence that the heart or vessels are damaged. There may be some evidence of an increase of fluid in the lungs. There seems to be a small amount of fluid coming from the pericardi (the inner chambers of the heart) and this is a minor problem. The postoperative status of the lungs/airways/pleurons is early. There has been no evidence to suggest that the lung or heart is damaged.
This review of the available evidence shows that the aorta and lungs are not in a state of collapse. The aortic artery and coronary artery are still intact. The right lung is still intact and normal in size. The left lung is not in collapse. No evidence of aorticular narrowing or narrowing of the airways. No signs of perioperative lung disease. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. No abnormal lung swelling. No cancer of the lymph nodes or the lymphocytes. No serious bone lesions were found. No bone lesions in the breast were found in the right breast. No breast cancer was found in either the left or right breast, but the breast tissue was preserved. No adverse effects were found with either surgical resection.
This review of the literature found that the left upper lobe of the left lung was stable and the left pleural lobe was not changed. The left upper and right upper lobe had a small, but not large, but still stable, lobe nodule. The right upper and left lung were not changed and had a large, though not large and still not large (5:335) lobe (5.3 cm) of a groundglass nodule (5 of 5:335). The left lower lobe had an equally large, yet smaller, lobe (2.3cm) of the groundglass. The heart and vessels were normal in size. The aortic valve calcifications were not seen in the aorta. The breast tissue was not affected. The neck and shoulders were not affected and the breast tissue appeared to be intact. The bone structure of the breast and the neck were not damaged. The breasts were not fractured. The cancer was not spread to the other parts of the body. The lung was not damaged and the aureole tissue was intact.
This review of trials found that lung nodules were seen, but not definitely seen, in the right lung. There is no evidence of a lung obstruction. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were seen. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No perisural effusion was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the lower leg.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is still functioning normally. However, the thyroid is still scarred and has a small number of small foci (fracture) in the left lung. The thyroid gland has not been completely healed. The left thyroid gland may be scarred but this is not known to be a major problem. The right lung is still not fully healed. No evidence of a large thyroid gland enlargement. The aortic artery is still open and normal. The heart is still normal. No signs of aorta narrowing. The lungs are still not completely healed and the thyroid remains scarred. The neck is still intact. The kidneys are still functioning well. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs is reported. The liver is still working normally. The stomach is still solid. The chest wall therapy port tip of the aortica is still in place. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No new bone lesions were found. The bone in the aortal arteries is still calcified.
This review of trials found no new enlargement or pulmonary nodule. No pleural effusions. No new abnormal growths or abnormalities in the lungs. The heart and vessels appear normal. The right lower lobe of the brain scarring is stable. The left lower lobe has a scarring of the upper lobe. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. The aortic artery and aorta are normal. No abnormal growth in the aortas. The upper abdominal wall of the abdomen is normal.
This review of the literature found that the following are the findings of this review: (1) lung, airways, and pleura (pneural) nodule (3:34) - No new nodule. (2) bronchiectasis (bronchial effusion (breathless airway obstruction) - Mildly more pronounced bronchial bronchitis (breatheless obstruction) with no new nodulodilution. (3): 1. Pneural effusion - Pneurons are still stable. (4): No new pleural effusions. (5): No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy (no abnormal lymph nodes). (6): No abnormal lymph node development. (7): No pericardial effusions (brenature). (8): No additional subpleural (subpleural) groundglass nodules (1-2 mm) - There is a stable subpleurons (1.2 cm) in the right lung (right upper lobe 6 mm, 3:138; 6 mm in the left lower lobe 6.3 cm, 3.154; 4 mm in both the left and right upper lobe 3.146; 4.2 mm in each of the two left upper lobe). (9): No further subpleures are noted. (10): No more than one additional subplural (1 cm) is noted in the lower lobe (left lower lobe 4 mm, 4 mm; 3 mm in left upper and right lower lobe 3 mm; left upper or right lower or both 4 mm). (11): No other subpleuretic (subplural) or pleural (pneumobilia) nodules are noted in either lung (left upper or lower lobe).
This review of the available evidence shows that the lung and heart appear to be stable. The lung is stable and the heart and vessels are normal. The aorta is normal. There is a small increase in metastatic disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebrae, but this is not a major problem. The abdomen is normal, but the pelvis is not. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions are seen. The lymph nodes are stable. There are no signs of cancer in the lymph nodes. The heart and vessel chambers are normal in size. There was no evidence of a pericardial (under the skin) or pulmonary (underlying) effusion. The coronary artery calcification was not seen.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal: Lungs/airways/Pleurons: No new or enlarging nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Aortic valve calcifications: Mild coronary and aortal artery calcification. Upper Abdomen: Unresectable. Osseus and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Atrophic thyroid: No more or less growths of the thyroid. No new growth. No aggressive growths. No pericardial effusion. No more than one new growth has been detected since the last remote exam.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that the lungs and airways of the upper lobe of the neck may be inflamed. There is evidence of a small amount of blood in the upper airway, but this is not thought to be an abnormally large amount. There are no signs of adenopathies in the lymph node or lymph node. There may be some signs of anemia. There was no evidence of an increase in the risk of bone lesions.
This review of trials found that there is a moderate risk for emphysema in the chest. Mild biapical scarring is present. There is no evidence of a large, aggressive disease of the lungs. There are scattered pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm, in the upper chest. There was no evidence that the heart was enlarged. There were no major complications. The heart size is normal. There may be a small but not significant increase in the risk of coronary calcification. There has been no evidence for a large increase in lymphadenitis. There have been no major adverse events.
This review of trials found that the presence of lymphangiosarcoma in the chest is not changed. There is no new lung cancer. The heart size is normal. There are no aggressive lesions. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis revealed no new lesions. The left major fissure is unchanged. There were no new lymphangioleiomyomatosis lesions. Multiple left thyroid nodules were found, but the size of these was not increased. There appeared to be no new cancer in the right lower lobe. There may be no aggressive lymphangiopulpsia. The review of the upper and lower limbs found no new lesions. The overall size and shape of the heart were normal. The number of patients with a benign lymphangoid cyst was not changed, but there were no additional lesions.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is stable, with no new or enlarging nodule. The heart is normal in size. No significant coronary artery calcifications. No new or worsening of the disease. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No major complications.
This review of trials found that lung and airway growths were stable since at least 2018. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities were noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. Mildly thickened esophageal wall (e.g. mucosa) was observed. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid gland growth is heterogeneous. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary arteries calcifications. No calcifications of the heart or vessels were noted, but the heart is normal in size. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No abnormal bone growth was noted in the abdomen. No cancer of the thyroid was noted, and no aggressive bone growth or swelling was noted for the thyroid.
This review of the literature found that the appearance of the lungs is stable. The appearance of lungs is also stable since May 2021. No new or enlarging nodules have been seen since the original diagnosis. The aortic valve is still open. The peribronchovascular (under the skin) opening has resolved. The hernia is still present. The heart is normal in size. The arteries are dilated. The lymph nodes are still intact. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No bone lesions in the lower limbs have been reported. The majority of the bone lesions are benign. The main limitation of this review is that the number of patients with this disease is small.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and the arteries and veins are not clogged. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs or the airways. There are no abnormal blood vessels. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There were no abnormal thyroid lesions. There was no evidence that the thyroid was affected by thyroid cancer. The neck was not affected. There may be a small but not significant nodule along the left major fissure in the neck. There appears to be no evidence for any abnormal thyroid growth. There appeared to be little or no difference between the thyroid and the heart in the absence of thyroid cancer, but the thyroid is not large or prominent. There seems to be a slight increase in the left brachiocephal vein, but evaluation of the internal jugular veins is limited. There appear to be few abnormal blood vessel deposits. There does not appear to have been any abnormal blood flow to the brain. There has been no evidence to suggest that the arteries are clogged or that there is any evidence of abnormal blood circulation in the heart. The great vessels are normal in caliber.
This review of trials found that the patient had a low volume of air in the lungs, and that the lungs were still inflamed. There was no evidence of a worsening of bibasilis atelectasis or atelectasia. There were no signs of pleural effusions. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The main pulmonary artery was enlarged measuring 3.8 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The patient is status post median sternotomy and LVAD placement.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland and lymph nodes are stable, but there are a few new micronodulodulocranosus (micronodules) in the left and right lungs. The heart and vessels are normal. The thyroid gland is not enlarged. The lungs are not enlarged, but the airways are not cleared. The right thyroid gland has a new nodule. The left thyroid gland appears to be growing at a faster rate than the right thyroid. The upper thyroid gland does not have any aggressive bone growth. The aortic and heart chambers appear normal in size. The coronary arteries are normal in shape. The lower thyroid gland shows no signs of enlargement. The abdomen is not swollen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The bone structure of the right breast is stable. The rib cage is not affected. The stomach is not disturbed. The kidney is not damaged. The liver is not involved in any abnormal bone growth or development. The kidneys are not affected in any major way, but a few small lesions are noted. The oesophageal lymph nodes appear to be stable.
This review of trials found that the left lung was affected in the same way as the right, with a decrease in the volume of gas and blood in the left lungs. The left lung had to be re-lunged and the left upper lobe had to have a new lung. The heart was not changed. The right lung was also affected. The upper lobe of the left breast had to undergo a new procedure to remove the cancer. The lower lobe of both the left and the right breast had a similar treatment. The cancer spread to the lungs and the chest. The breast had an operation to remove both the breast and the breastbone. The chest wall of the breast was removed. The aorta of the heart was also removed. There was no evidence of any obstruction of the aortic valve. The arteries were normal in size. There were no signs of cancer in the heart or vessels. There is a small hernia in the right chest wall. There are no signs that the heart is damaged. There may be some evidence of cancer of the lymph nodes. There appears to be no evidence that the lymph node is damaged or that the bone is damaged, but the evidence is not strong. There seems to be little evidence of bone damage in the lower breastbone or the lower abdomen. There appear to be some bone lesions in the upper breastbone and the lower abdominal wall. The bone is not damaged. The kidneys are normal in shape. There seem to be a few bone lesions, but these are not aggressive. There does not appear to have been any signs of bone cancer.
This review of trials found that lung function and airway size were stable after surgery. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were reported, but there were no new bone lesions. No abnormal changes in the thoracic spine. The heart and vessels were normal size. The aorta was normal size and the coronary arteries were not affected. The liver and other soft tissues were normal. The kidneys were normal and the liver was not affected, but the liver and kidney were not large. The thyroid gland was not large or abnormal. The brain was not abnormal. No major problems were noted.
This review of trials found that the right breast is still healthy and normal. The left breast is not affected by cancer. The right lung is still normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been detected. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The heart and vessels are normal size. No abnormal growths have been found. The abdomen is normal size and the right lung does not show any abnormalities. The cancer is still confined to the right side of the breast. The breast is stable after surgery. The thyroid is still intact. The lymph nodes are still normal size, but the lymph nodes have not been found to have abnormal growth. The bone marrow is still in normal size but the bone is not growing normally. The tumour is still there but not growing. The only abnormalities identified were in the right upper lobe of the right thyroid and in the left middle lobe of both breasts.
This review of trials found that the size of the lung nodules was normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were identified. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No abnormal lung swelling. Mild bronchiectasis in the lung bases which is probably due to the presence of a small air gap in the lungs. No airway obstruction. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is large. Severe calcifications of the arteries and aorts of the heart and aorts are rare. No adenopathies of the thorax by CT-size. No bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No serious bone lesions have been reported. The review found that there is no evidence of any abnormal bone growth. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review of trials found that lung and airways disease was common in people with early-stage TB. However, the evidence is not conclusive. The evidence is current to January 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild pleural tag. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Diffuse mediastinal, bilateral axillary, inter and subpectoral lymphadenopathy: bilateral internal mammary and cardiophrenic lymph nodes, the largest in the right axilla measuring 1.8 cm. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T8 vertebral bodies. Multilevel vertebral body hemangiomas. Scattered calcified granulomas are noted. Mild aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Mild dilatation of descending aorta to 3.7 cm. Mild calcifications of the aortus including valval leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild diffuse bronchia wall thickness. No airways are patent. No aortal effusion and no pleural tags.
This review of trials found that the thoracic spine is normal and the lung and airways are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The thyroid gland is normal. The heart is normal size. The vessels are normal size and the aorta is the same size as usual. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive cancer of the bone or soft tissue has been reported in this review. Routine age-related degenerative change in the thorax is noted.
This review of the literature found that the following are the results of clinical trials: Lungs/Pleural (Lungs) and Blood (Pleurys) (Pulvula) are normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidation of the lung. No soft tissue within the prevascular mediastinal compartment. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size and no pericordial effusions. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are present. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Cholelithiasis. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
This review of trials found that the following things are normal: Lungs/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been affected. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic (blockage) calcifications of the aortas (heart and aortic valve). Severe narrowing in the aureic arteries (heath-like calcifications). Searched and pneural (pulvic) arteries: No aggressive bone lesions. Rutural bone lesions: Rutual bone changes in the thorcis vertebra (thoracic spine).
This review of trials found that the right lung and the airways are still thickening and the right pleura (pleural) is still growing. The right lung is still expanding and the pleura has not been thinned. The left lung is not thickened. The middle lobe of the right lungs is still thickened and the left lung has no new pleural effusions. The airways have not been thickened, but the right lower lobe has a new, smaller, granulomatous (wet) mass. The thyroid gland is still normal. No new thyroid gland enlargement has been reported. The heart and vessels are stable. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported separately. The aorta is stable. The coronary artery is still forming calcified plaques along the aorte. No pericardial effusion has been observed. The upper abdominal wall is still solid. No serious bone lesions are reported. No major complications have been noted.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are thickening, particularly in the right lung. There is no evidence of lung obstruction or obstruction of the airway. There are no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The visualized thyroid is unimpressive. There were no signs that the bone structure of the neck or the lymph node was affected, and no evidence for any abnormal bone growth. The heart and vessels are not affected. There may be some calcification of the arteries, but this is not new. There seems to be no evidence to support the use of a CT or MRI scan.
This review of trials found that the heart and lungs appear normal in size. The lung and airways appear to be normal, but there is a small hernia in the lung. There is no evidence of a significant difference between the lungs and the pleura. There are no major problems with the heart or lungs. There was no evidence that the lung or the airways were affected by the disease. There were no major complications. There may be some mild complications with the lungs. The heart and vessels appear normal. There appears to be no major problem with the pericardial effusion. There seems to be a small but not significant hernia. The liver appears normal. The abdomen appears to have no major abnormalities. There appear to have been no major bone lesions.
This review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the thoracic spine was still intact and the lung was still clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles were found. The right lung was clear and the right pleural space was unchanged in size. No pneumothorax was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower abdomen. The thyroid gland was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size, and no pericardial effusion was found in this review. The aorta was normal in size and the coronary arteries were not calcified. The left lung was not affected. The bone structure of the lower limbs and the soft tissues were normal. The thoracoskeletons were normal in the thorax. The spine was normal. No abnormal bone growth was found, but there were no aggressive bone growths. The risk for developing aortic stenosis was low.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs, but there is some concern that there may be some obstruction of small airways. There is no clear evidence of a problem with lung or airway closure. There are no signs of a lung obstruction. The heart appears normal in size. The aorta is normal in shape. The lungs are patent. The body is unbroken. The kidneys are normal. The liver is normal. No aggressive bone lesions. The bones of the lower limbs are unbroken and the aortic valve is normal, but the aortal arteries are not large enough to support the heart.
This review of trials found that there is a lot of evidence that the lungs are inflamed. There is evidence that there are some indications that the lung is inflamed, but no clear evidence that it is damaged. There are some signs that the airways may be blocked. There was some evidence that some of the bronchioles (bronchus) may be impacted. There were also some signs of a thin layer of fluid in the upper bronchus (bony lung). There is some evidence of a small herniated herniate herniation (bore). There was no clear suggestion that there was a large hernia. There may be some evidence to suggest that there may be a thin film of fluid around the lungs. There seems to be no clear indication that the aorta (the main lung) is inflated. There could be some indications of a herniating of the aurea (briefly) but there is no clear picture. There has been no clear description of the type of herniations. There have been no reports of aortic stenogastric stenograft. There appears to be a small but not large hernias in the lower bronchos. The aortas are not large and the aorts are not very wide. There might be some signs from the aortal arteries that the blood is leaking out. There appear to be some calcifications in the aways. There does not seem be a clear picture of a large block in the mainstem bronchial artery.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways are clear and clear. No abnormal lung tissue has been found. No lung cancer has been identified. No evidence of abnormal lung function has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the upper lungs. No heart disease has been documented. The heart and vessels are normal. No abnormalities have yet been identified in this review.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of any new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new or worsening pulmonary nodule. No pleural effusion is noted. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema is noted, but there is a slight increase in the risk of aortic valvulanic (aortic) calcification. The visualized thyroid (thyroid) is unremarkable. There are no new or growing thyroid nodule in the lung. There were no new and enlarging lung nodule, but the thyroid is still intact. There was no new growth of the aorta (a blood clot) or of the heart. There may be some mild calcification of the arteries. There seems to be no new calcification in the aorts. The great vessels are of good size. The aortics are of mild to mild calciness. The oesophageals are of normal size. No aggressive bone lesions are noted.
This review of trials found that the following lung disease is a common feature of ILD. The evidence is current to January 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild groundglass opacities are noted, for example left lower lobe 3:357. Scattered pulmonary nodules are noted (for example 3 mm left upper lobe 3.117). No pleurignancy is noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased number of subcentimeter mediastinal nodes with subcarinal nodes measuring up to 13 mm. This can be seen as a feature of interstitial lung disease. This is a disease of the airways and can be treated with a combination of steroids and corticosteroids. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Severe coronary artery calcifications. Aortic and aortic valve calcifications are noted. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires in good alignment. Status post CABG.
This review of trials found that the aortic valve replacement procedure is not adequate for evaluation. A known aortical dissection is seen in the aortal arteries. No evidence of lung or airway problems. No pericardial (worsening) or pericordic (wound) effusion was found. No major adverse events were noted. The aorta is still in the process of being fixed. The patient is stable and is well.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways/airway structures were not affected: Lungs/Airways/Pleurys/Pulmonary Embolism: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Upper lobes predominant groundglass opacities with superimposed interlobular septal thickening ("crazy paving" pattern). Small left pleural effusion with adjacent passive atelectasis at the lung base. Moderate-sized pleural fluid effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Right IJ hemodialysis catheter tips terminate in the right atrium. Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial enlargement. Attenuation of the blood pool is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. Moderate blood pool size. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal and the lungs and airways are not affected. However, the right lung is still thickened. There is no evidence of any new or enlarging of the lung or of any other abnormal lung tissue. The heart and vessels are not abnormal. The right lung has a normal course and size. The aorta is normal. The thyroid gland does not appear to be abnormal. No aggressive bone lesions have been seen.
This review of trials found that the following are the results of the same review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. No pneumothorax. Mild scarring in the right middle lobe and at the lung bases. Milder scarring of the right lung and in the left lung. Mild diffuse esophagus wall thickening with fluid and debris noted in the proximal portions of the esophageal cavity which can be seen in the setting of gastro-oesophagea. Small hiatus herniated herniate. No pericardial (a hole) effusion. No pleural (a narrowing of the airway) effusions. Thyroid gland: Thyroid is unremarkably large. No thyroid enlargement. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in sizes. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Normal size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: High density material in the gallbladder, probably vicuries of blood from recent intravenous intravenous treatment. Please see separate dictation of CT abdomen/pelvis. Osseus: No bone growth.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels of patients with heart failure are normal in size. There is no evidence of any serious problems with the heart. The lungs are normal and the airways are clear. There are some small, scattered pulmonary nodules, which were seen on prior exam and are most likely lymph node nodule deposits. There was no clear evidence of lung cancer. The aorta is normal in caliber. The pulmonary artery is enlarging, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There were no major problems with lung function. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There may be some mild problems with heart and blood vessels. There appears to be no evidence that the patient is at risk for lung cancer, but if he is, CT in 12 months may be a good way to check.
This review of trials found that the left upper lobe pulmonary nodule in the left lung has grown in size. This is a new finding from the study from 2017. The left upper lung is now larger than the right lung. The right lung is still the same size. The thoracic aorta is normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. The thyroid gland is normal. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of any abnormalities. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm is clear. The abdomen has no abnormal bone growth. The lower abdominal wall is clear and the soft tissues are normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the lower abdominal area. The review found no evidence that the thoracoskeletons have been affected.
This review of trials found that the size of the lung nodules and the number of pleurons and airways is normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule or pleuronuclear disease are seen. No pleural effusion or pleothoracic adenopathy. The 8mm left basilar (bronchial) nodule on the prior study is not well described. The 4 mm right (barnular) middle (bore) lobe (bony) nodules in the prior trial were not well defined. The heart and vessels are large. No percardial (a vessel in the heart) effusions. Puluses are clear. Pulmonary artery is large. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion (of the abdomen) of the organs are normal. Osseus (under the skin) and soft tissue (of muscle, blood vessels, and soft tissues) are not abnormal. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age- related changes in the thorcographic spine are seen, but these are not thought to be harmful.
This review of trials found that the presence of a few scattered groundglass nodles (bronchopulps) in the left lower lobe (the left lung) of the heart and the right lung (the right lung) is consistent. These nodles are not significantly changed. The heart and vessels are normal. The right lung is larger than the left lung and the aorta (a large vessel) is in the chest. The left lung is smaller than the right. The upper abdomen is similar to the lower abdomen. The lymph nodes are similar to those in the right upper lobe. The lung is not significantly larger than in the lower lobe. There is no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. The aortic valve is normal. No pericardial effusion. The chest is normal in size. The pulmonary nodes are not large. The liver and vessels appear normal in sizes. The kidneys are normal in shape. The stomach is normal and the liver is normal size. No aggressive bone disease has been reported.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung consolidation or swelling. No new or enlarging lung nodules were seen. No pleural effusions were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed in the heart or vessels. The thyroid gland is nodular. No evidence of thyroid adenopathy was found. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary calcifications are noted. The upper abdominal wall of the heart is not swollen. No pericardial effusion was noted. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs was noted, nor was there any evidence of obstruction of the aorta. No adverse effects were noted.
This review of trials found that the lung and airways were stable and the heart and vessels were not affected. There was no evidence of any major problems. The heart and arteries were normal in size. There is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion was seen. There are no signs of a pericardial effusion. The upper abdominal wall is intact. The bibasilar airway is still intact. There appears to be mild bibaseilar air trapping on expirator view. No aggressive disease of the bibula is seen.
This review of trials found that the following are the results of the review: Lungs/Airways/Pleurons: Findings of large airway disease including bronchial wall thickening and areas of mucoid impaction. Peripheral reticulations and cystic change laterally in the lower lobes these findings are unchanged compared to the study from September 2017. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 4 mm left lower lobe nodule in series 3 image 277 which is unchanged compared with studies from 2017. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Atrophic native kidneys. Calcifications in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracographic spine.
This review of trials found that the chest tube was in satisfactory position. There was no evidence of any major complications. There is a persistent known leak in the esophagus and a small but not major hernia. There were no major problems with the lungs or airways. There are no major complications with the aortic valve. There may be some inflammation of the soft tissues in the chest. There appears to be no significant amount of air to suggest necrotizing infection. There has been no evidence that the aureic valve is blocked. There seems to be little or no difference in the size of the aorts. There have been no major adverse events.
This review of studies found that the thoracic spine is still intact and normal. The main complications of this condition are the presence of small, scattered lung nodles, which are not growing or getting larger. The thoracoskeletons are still normal. No new or worsening lung nodule or pleuritis have been found. The thyroid gland is normal. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed sternotomies: Heals of the sternum, sternum (sore throat), and soft tissues (e.g. soft tissue) are unremarkable. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcis spine. Bilateral breast implants in place.
This review of trials found that lung function was normal and that there was no evidence of lung damage. However, there was a slight increase in the size of the left fissure in the left lung. There was no clear evidence of any lung damage, but there was an increase of the lymph node in the upper lobe. There were no signs of lung disease. There is no evidence that there is any evidence of a difference in the number of people with a heart attack. There are no signs that the heart is enlarged. There may be some evidence of bone damage in the lower limbs. There appears to be no evidence for a change in the amount of bone in the chest. There seems to be little or no difference in how the heart works. There appear to be few signs of bone disease in the abdomen. There does not appear to have been any evidence that the lungs are damaged. There has been no evidence to suggest that there are any problems with the heart.
This review of trials found that the following organs were normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleurons: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracographic spine.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths or development of lymph node or lung cancer. The visualized thyroid gland is unblemish. The right thyroid gland appears to be normal. The left thyroid gland does not appear to be abnormal. The chest wall of the right lung is not abnormal. There is a common origin of the left brachiosyllic artery and the left common carotid artery. There was a common common cause of the chest wall lipoma. The findings of this review are not surprising.
This review of trials found that the aortic valve calcifications were not severe and that the main artery in the aurea was not large. However, the aorts were still calcified. The main artery was not big enough to allow the blood to flow through the aural space. The aorta was too narrow to be of any use for the main lung. The pulmonary artery was too wide to be used. There was no evidence of aortal artery narrowing. The left lung was not wide enough to be useful. The right lung was too small to be important. The thyroid gland was not prominent. The heart and vessels were not large enough to support the aortal artery. The major artery was large enough that the blood was pumped through it. The other arteries were too small for aortas to be large enough for the major lung to be filled. There were no major problems with the aorteda. The hernia was small and the hernia healed. The surgeon did not have to cut the herniated aortus. The surgical procedure was not successful. The procedure was successful in the right lung and the left lung. There is a possibility that the hernias may be repaired. The operation was not of benefit to the auredus.
This review of the literature found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease. There are no new abnormal lung lesions. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland has changed shape. There may be some mild calcifications of the aorta. There might be some calcification of the heart arteries. There could be some abnormal calcification in the aurea. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There appears to be no new abnormalities in the thyroid glands. The great arteries of the lungs are normal in caliber. There seems to be a lack of evidence of new abnormal calcified calcifications. There has been some recent research on the effects of radiologic treatment.
This review of trials found that lung function and the size were improved in the left pleural area. However, the lung function was improved in only a small number. The right lung function also improved. The heart and vessels were normal in size. The thyroid gland was heterogeneous. There was no evidence of adenopathy. The liver was normal in shape. The stomach was normal. The upper abdominal wall was not abnormal. The central airways were patent. The left lung was not affected by cancer. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The aorta was normal and the aortic valve was normal, but the aortal artery was not normal. There is a large left pleuris major fissure and a significant increase in the number of patients with atelectasis. The atelectase was not severe. The cancer was not aggressive. The lymph nodes were normal. No aggressive bone disease was observed. The kidney function was normal but the kidney function did not improve. The number of people with a kidney disease is normal.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No lung or airway nodules were found. There was no evidence of lung or lung-related complications. There is no evidence that the lymph nodes are affected. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the arteries. There may be some evidence that there is a small but not major obstruction of the heart. There appears to be no evidence to support the use of a paclitaxel.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal: Lungs/Pleura: No pleurysm formation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Biapical scarring. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 3 mm right upper lobe lung nodule. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adnopathies. Normal heart and Vessel: No percardial or pericardial effusion. Pul pulmonary artery: Normal size. Normal course and size. Upper Abdomen: Non-obstructing right renal calculi (calcifications of the kidneys). Osseous structure (e.g., soft tissue) and Soft Tissues: No bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in the thorc spine. Healed right-sided rib fracture.
This review of trials found that there is a moderate large left lung obstruction with a moderate to large right lung. There is bronchiectasis throughout the lungs with changes in the upper lobs. There are no aggressive bone lesions. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion. The heart is normal in size. The main pulmonary arteries enlarged measuring a mean of 3.7 cm, suggestive of increased blood flow to the lungs. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. The upper abdomen is normal. The central airways are patent. The left lung is closed. The right lung is open. The middle airways and the upper lung are patent, but the central airway is not. The lower airways have a small to moderate left pleural effusion, but this is unlikely to be clinically important. The lymph nodes are likely to be reactive, with one lymph node in the lower abdomen showing a small but prominent red spot. The body is normal, and the heart is not enlarged. No aggressive bones are seen.
This review of the literature found that the following features of lung, airway, and blood vessels were normal. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis, mainly in the right lung, is seen. Subpleural reticulations are seen in the left lung, but no pleuronic acid leakage is seen in this lobe. Subplural reticular scarring is seen only in the lower lung. No endobronchial lesion or retained secretions. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Aortic calcifications are seen. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postoperative changes in the breast and left axilla.
This review of trials found that the heart and lungs appear normal in size. There is a small cluster of peribronchial groundglass opacities in the left lung, and a large group of pleural effusion (bronchiolitis), but no pleuritis. There are no signs of pleurisy. There was no evidence of a pericardial effusion. There were no signs that the lungs were inflamed. There may be some evidence of an enlarging spleen. There appears to be no evidence that the spleen is inflamed, but there is a large amount of spleens. There seems to be little evidence of bone lesions. There appeared to be a small amount of bone growth in the upper arm. There appear to be some signs of a small but not significant enlargement of spleen, but no aggressive bone growth. There seemed to be normal blood flow in the lungs. There seem to be few signs of pericardiography.
This review of trials found that lung and airways were stable and the heart chambers were not affected. There was no evidence of any serious side effects. There were no major complications. There is a moderate risk that the lung and the airways may be affected. The heart chambers appear normal in size. There are no major problems with the heart or lungs. The airways are patent. There may be some mild lung problems, but no major side effects were found. There appears to be no evidence that the lungs are affected.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of any major problems with the heart or lungs. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There were no major problems in the upper abdominal area. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles. No pneumonia or lung edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs. No evidence of lymph nodes or lymph nodes. No serious adverse events.
This review of the available evidence shows that the lungs and airways of the heart are still normal in size. However, the lungs have been affected by a new pleuris ductus muscle (pneural effusion), which has been found to be more common in the right lung. This is a new type of pleurisy. The right lung has been clamped with a drain, drain in the neck, drain through the spine, and drain through a drain in a drain through both the neck (e.g. the spinal canal) and the left lung (eatery). The right lungs have a new small pleural effused (wet) opening on the right side of the lung, which has become a pleurissym (pneumothorax). The left lung is still clamped and the drain is in the middle (elevator). The spinal canal drains through the spinal cord and drains through a drainage hole in the left side (eatheries). The drain through this drain is a drain from the right (eithery). No aggressive bone lesions have yet been found. The left lungs have not been affected. The heart and vessels appear normal in sizes. No pericardial effusion. The aorta (a large artery) appears to be normal. The thorax is still normal. No aggressive disease has been noted. The spinal cord is still in place. The neck drains are still clogged and the spinal cable is still connected to the spinal vein. The drain in both the spinal cords is still attached to the neck. The surgical procedure to fix the spinal tube is still ongoing.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. The lungs were worsening and the airways were narrowing. The heart and arteries were calcified. The blood was too low to support normal blood flow to the lungs. The lung was too narrow to support the heart. The aortic valve was too small to support a normal blood supply to the heart, and the aortopulmonary valve was not large enough to support it. The lymph nodes were too small and too thin for normal blood circulation. The cancer spread to the lymph nodes and into the blood vessels. The bone growth was too slow to be of benefit. The quality of life of the patients was not improved.
This review of trials found that the presence of metastases is a problem that can be tackled by the use of an airway. The review also found that there is a trend towards an increase in the presence (and size) of the tumour in the lungs. There is a large increase in lung and airway disease. There are no new lung and blood vessels. There was no evidence of any new lung or airway cancer. There were no new lymph nodes or thyroid nodes. There may be some abnormalities in the heart and vessels. The heart is normal in size. There has been no evidence that the thyroid gland has changed size. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There appears to be no new cancer growth in the arteries. There seems to be little or no difference in the number of new or enlarging lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There appear to be few new lymph node growths. There have been no new heart and vessel abnormalities. There appeared to be a small increase in fluid in the right breast after mastectomy. There seemed to be some differences in the amount of fluid in both the breast and the breast bed. There did not appear any new cancer cells in the breast or the breast. There does not appear be any new tumour growth in either the breast nor the breastbone. There seem to be similar numbers of new and enlarging thyroid cells. There do not appear to have been any new thyroid cells in either breast or breast.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. The lung and the airways appear to be well-maintained. The lungs appear to have no abnormal growths. The heart and vessels appear normal in shape. There are no abnormal enlargements of the heart or vessels. There is a small amount of blood in the lungs and the lungs. There may be a small but not significant increase in the number of people with cancer of the lungs or the airway. There was no evidence of cancer of either lung. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There appears to have been no aggressive growths of the thyroid glands. There has been no evidence that the cancer spread to the lungs, airways or the lungs by any means. There have been few reports of cancerous growths in the thyroid.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway abnormalities were not seen in the lung and pleura. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. There is a small left Bochdalek aureus (a hernia) and a herniated herniate hernias (a muscle in the left lung). There is no aggressive bone lesions. There are stable hepatidic (lung) and soft tissue (lumbar) cysts, but no aggressive disease. There were no aggressive lesions in the lymph node. There may be a small hernia in the right breast. There appears to be no aggressive damage to the bone in the neck. There seems to be a normal course and size of the aorta. There appeared to be little or no difference between the heart and vessels. There appear to be normal blood flow in the aurea and the lungs. There does not appear to have been any aggressive damage in the liver.
This review of trials found that the upper airways and lungs are still healthy, but the lower airways are not. However, the upper lungs and the lower lungs are not so much. The upper airway wall is thickening and the upper lung is narrowing. The lower lung has a pronounced narrowing, especially in the lower lobe. The heart is normal and the aorta is still large. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The central airways have not been affected. No pleural effusion was found. No evidence of adenopathy was found, but this is not a certainty. The review found that there is no evidence of a difference between the upper and the middle airways. The quality of the evidence was not high.
This review of clinical trials found that the following organs were stable: Lungs/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central and blood vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas. Mildly calcified calcifications (dissolving) of the arteries and aorts. Upper Abdomen: The visualized portion (of the abdomen) of these organs is unblemish. No new, enlarging, or worsening of the disease. No aggressive bone lesions. Rutural age-related changes in the thorax are routine.
This review of the available evidence shows that the thyroid gland is not affected by cancer. The thyroid gland has no abnormal growths or mass. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs or of obstruction in the airways. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the arteries. The great vessels are of good size. The bone scan showed that the bone scan was of high quality. The upper abdominal wall of a patient with a fracture of the sternum was healed. The patient's heart and vessel size were not affected. There was no evidence that the heart was affected. The cancer spread to the lungs, airways, and pelvis. The tumour was not large enough to be detected by the visualized blood tests. The evidence for the presence of cancer in the thyroid was not strong.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels of patients with acute myeloid leukopenis are normal. There is no evidence of any major problems. There are mild calcifications of the arteries. The aorta is aneurysmal, measuring up to 4 cm. The pulmonary artery is normal in size. There was no evidence that the lung or airways were affected. There were no signs of any serious lung problems. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There may be some evidence that there is a small but not significant thyroid gland growth, but this is not conclusive. There appears to be no evidence for the presence of a large, abnormal mass in the aortic valve. There seems to be little or no evidence to suggest that there are any major complications.
This review of the literature found that the following are the findings of the review: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodles. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessel: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia. No new and enlarging thyroid nodules. No tumour growth. No cancer growth.
This review of trials found that the lower lobe of the lung is still affected by fibrotic lung disease, with a number (but not all) of the symptoms of this disease being seen. The findings of this review suggest that the lungs are still not large and that the airways are still blocked. There is evidence that the upper lobe of this lung is not large, but the upper end of the bronchus (bore) is still not big. There are no signs of cancer of the lungs. The lower end of this bronchum (bronchus) is not big, but there is some concern that it may be swollen. The upper endus (thorhobacterium) is small. The thyroid gland (thymus) appears to be unremarked. The esphagina (thigh) is swollen, but not large. The heart and vessels (ventriculothorhacin, a type of heart muscle) are not large or large. There was no clear evidence of cancer. The main pulmonary artery (the main blood vessel), the aorta (a blood vessel) and the ascending aortas (the lungs), are not big or large, and there is no clear suggestion of a cancer. There were no signs that the heart or the aorts were enlarged. The visualized esphageal tissue (e.g., the esophagus) is covered in a thin layer, and the esphagus is swollen. There may be some evidence of reflux. The evidence for the presence of cancer in the thyroid gland is not strong. The review found no evidence of any more or less than the previous review.
This review of the literature found that thyroid nodules have increased in size, but no solid component on the thyroid window is present. However, the thyroid is still stable. The thyroid is not growing in the left upper lobe. The left upper limb thyroid nodule has grown in size. The right lower lobe thyroid nodulocapular (lung) is still in place. The neck and chest wall thyroid leads are still intact. The aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair are still ongoing. The heart and vessels are still stable and the aortics are still working. The cancer is still present in the neck and the chest. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax (pneumothorx) has been reported. The lymph nodes are still in the same place. No solid component of the thyroid has been found on the neck. The breast and the thyroid are stable. No evidence of cancer in the breast or thyroid gland is found. The bone growth in the thyroid gland remains the same as before surgery.
This review of trials found that lung function is normal and that there is no reason to be concerned. However, the lungs and airways are not clear and there is a risk of obstruction. The review also found that there are no new or enlarging lymph node nodles. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The main complications of this condition are: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree (tracheobranchia), lung, airway, and airway enlargement. Lungs: No new or worsening of the lung or airway problems. Lung and airy tissue: No lung or chest problems. No new lymph nodes or abnormal growth. Lung, airways, and vessels: No abnormal growth or enlargement of the lymph node. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement, heart, heart and vessel enlargement (aortic, aortic valve, and dense mitral annulocapulothorax). Lungs, air, and lungs: No periurethral effusion, pleurisy, or pneumothoraxis. Lung function: No serious problems. Hepatidic hypodensities: Hepatitis C: Hepatic hypodenities: too small to be able to define. Urgent need for dialysis.
This review of trials found that the right medial lower lobe mass-like mass- like mass is still the same size, but the size of the mass is not the same. There is a small, coarse mass which abuts the esophageal mass. There are no clear differences between the mass- and the mass, but there is a slight increase of the right lobe. There was no clear evidence of a change in the size or shape (or both). The heart appears normal in size. The lung is still large and the central airways are patent. There were no changes in the number of patients with pulmonary embolisms. There may be a slight improvement in the amount of fluid in the lung. There appears to be no evidence of any serious bone lesions. There appeared to be little or no difference between the left and right lung. The right lung is the same as the left lung. No serious bone abnormalities were noted. There seems to be a similar number of people with pulmonary arterial calcifications. There appear no serious bone problems. There does not appear to be any evidence of an increase in the risk of bone problems or of bone fractures.
This review of trials found that the left lower lobe of the trachea had a 6 mm solid (not growing) nodule (5:440) and the right upper lobe a 2 mm nodule. The left lower and right middle lobe had 2 mm subpleurals. The right upper and left lower lobes had a 3 mm subplural (not enlarging) nodulodule. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pleural effusion was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic cavity. No pericardial effusion (no blood supply to the lungs). Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. Lower Abdomen: Unremarkable. No abnormal bone lesions.
This review of trials found that the right middle lobe of lung is stable and the left middle lobe is still growing. The right lower lobe has a small but stable nodule and the right lower limb has a thin-walled (wet) cyst. The left lower lobe is growing at a faster rate. The lung is still expanding and the aorta is still normal. No new or enlarging nodules or dense calcifications are seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The heart is normal in size. The aortic artery is normal. The lungs are still expanding. The lymph nodes are still growing at normal rates. No abnormal bone lesions have been noted.
This review of the literature found that the following are the findings of the review: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airway growths are not abnormal. Lungs are normal. No lung or airway enlargement. Lung and heart enlargement: Lung is normal. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels enlargement, enlargement of the atrial and left ventricular enlargement; aortic calcification; a tendon in the aorta; and aorticular and aperturcary artery, aortical and mitral annular calcification. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Clavicles &amp; Scapulae: Clavicle and scapulum growths were not imaged in their entirety on cross-sectional images but no fracture was appreciated on the scout images. Rib Cage &amp: Rib Cage and Sternum: No acute osseous injury. Rib cage &amp, Sternum and Sternums: No fracture. Older healed rib fractures. Thoracic Spine: No bone fracture. No acute oesseous or tendon injury. Bone growths in the left breast. Bilateral breast calcifications. Biopsy clip in the right breast.
This review of trials found that lung disease is a common complication of heart and blood vessel disease. The review found that the right lower lobe of the lung is still large, but has a thin wall of calcified bone around it. This thin wall is thickening and may be caused by the growths of the aortic valve. The left lower lobe has a small, but still stable, nodule. The right breast has a calcified mass in the right breast. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported, but the right lung is not large or thick enough to be of benefit. No pericardial (a hole) effusion has been noted. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs has been found. No evidence of cancer of the lungs, aorta, aardrum, achilles and aortes has been identified.
This review of the literature found no evidence of any major problems with the lungs, airways, or airway. The thyroid gland was normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The evidence for the presence of thyroid nodules in the neck and upper and lower limbs was not consistent. The results of the review suggest that thyroid nodule size and appearance are not consistent and that the size of the thyroid gland is not uniform.
This review of the literature found that the size of the lung and airways and the aorta were normal. However, the size and shape of the aorts and vessels were not. The aortas and vessels appeared to be normal in size. The right upper lobe of the chest wall was slightly larger than the left upper lobe. The left upper lung was slightly smaller than the right upper lung. The heart and vessels appear normal in shape. The nose and throat were normal in the original review. The lung and the airways were not affected. The chest wall had a lot of mucus plugging. The pleural effusion was not seen. The tumour in the upper lung did not expand. The stomach was normal. The abdomen was normal in appearance.
The review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. The right lung was not affected by any of the other abnormalities. The left lung was affected by a small hernia. The airways were not affected. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The heart and arteries were not damaged. The kidneys were not scarred. The liver was damaged. There was no evidence of any complications. The main pulmonary artery was too narrow to be of benefit. The blood pool was too low to be useful. The kidney scarring was not severe. The quality of life of patients with this condition is not well reported.
This review of the literature found that the following are the results of the radiologic studies: (1) Lungs/Pleural (the airway) - The right lung is still not fully functioning. (2) Lung (the middle lobe) - the right lung may be still not working. (3) The right breast is still large. The right upper lobe (the breast) is still too big to be seen. (4) The left breast is too small to be clearly seen. The left lower lobe (right upper lobe) is too big. (5) The thyroid gland is still growing normally. (7) The aorta (aortic valve) is normal in size. (8) The heart is normal. (9) The lungs are still not functioning.(10) The breast is not fully working.(11) The neck is still swollen. (12) The bone is still intact. (13) The kidneys are still functioning.
This review of the literature found that the following things were normal: Lungs/Pluces: No new or enlarging lung nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central and upper airways are clear. Signs of airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No new and enlarging pulmonary nodule or pleurigny. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Moderate atherosclerotic ( calcifications) calcifications of the heart and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone structure or in the soft tissue of the lower abdomen. Routine age- related changes in the thorc spine. No bone lesions.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland has a normal course and caliber. The lungs are normal in shape. The airways are normal. The aorta is normal. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the thyroid. No abnormal thyroid growth has been observed. No evidence of adenopathy or pericordial effusions has been found. No adverse effects have yet been reported from thyroid cancer.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the heart and vessels are not affected. However, the thyroid is not growing as fast as it should be. The thyroid gland has a thinning wall of mucous that is thickening and may be causing the symptoms of lung and airway disease. The aorta (a large blood vessel) is not enlarged. The right lung is not expanding or contracting. The heart and vessel chambers are normal in size. No pericardial effusions or pleural effusion. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the heart. No abnormal thyroid gland growth is noted. No thyroid gland enlargement or enlargement is noted, but the size of the nodule is small. No evidence of thyroid adenopathies is found.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is enlarged, but no new or enlarging nodles were found. The thyroid is enlarged but the thyroid is not enlarged. The heart and vessels appear normal. No new or worsening of the thyroid disease are found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The airways are clear. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy is seen by CT. No breast cancer is found.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal. Lungs/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with a subcentimeter thyroid nodule. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery: Puluses are large. Moderate atherosclerotic (clotting) calcifications (clots) of the heart, aortas, and aortic vessels. Upper Abdomen: The visualized portion (in the upper abdomen) of these organs are unblemish. Osseus (soft tissue): No new bone lesions. Rutural age-related changes in the thorcis vertebra (neck, spine, and soft tissue).
This review of trials found that the aortic valve replacement procedure is safe, but the aureate (a valve that surrounds the heart) is still in place. The aorta is still there but the size of the aural nodule is not large. The narrowing in the aortal artery (the aortus), which is the main source of blood flow, is still the same. The angina (a swelling) is not worse. The heart and vessels are normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bony lesions. The liver is normal. The largest of the liver cysts, the largest in the liver, is a simple cyst. The spine is normal and normal. There is no evidence of any abnormal changes in the thyroid gland. The major problem of this review is that the studies were not of high quality. More research is needed to determine the best surgical technique for the treatment of people with aortitis.
This review of trials found that the following abnormalities were found: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airway scarring, bronchial tree, bronchiectasis, bronchocerectasis, pleural effusion, and hernias. Bony tissue in the lungs is thickening. Bile ducts are narrowed. Bore ducts and air ducts have a thin membrane surrounding them. Bilateral pleurons are narrowed, and pleuronuclear scarring. Biliary (liver) ducts, lymph nodes, and lymph nodes are swollen. Bodies of the neck and chest are bulging. Bacteria are growing in the neck, chest, and bile. Bacterial growth is growing in both the neck (lungs) as well. Belly wall edema is a problem. Biceps are swollen and biceps are bulking. Bemused muscle is swelling. Bicentricular (heart) and pericardial (vessel) enlargement are seen. The aortic artery is narrowed. Severe aortics are seen in the aorta and coronary artery. Sevelation of the aortsa and the coronary artery is seen. Seventeen of the coronary arteries are calcified. The blood pool is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The liver is also heterogeneous and the thyroid gland is also different. The bile duct is thickened. Bibliographic information is limited.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. The chest is not large enough to be considered to be unstable. The lungs are not large, but the lungs are still intact. The heart is not big enough to cause a problem. The right lung is not wide enough to allow a person to breathe easily. The left lung is too small to be of benefit. The kidneys are normal except for a small, irregularly shaped splenic calcification that is nonspecific and a left renal cyst. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable. There is a small amount of fluid in the bladder. No aggressive lesions were found. The aorta is extensively atherosclerotic. No acute fracture was identified within the limits of bone demineralized. No hematoma (blood clots) was found. No axillary or mediastinal/hilar lymphadrenal lymphadriectomies (lungs) were found in this non-contrast exam. The pelvis is not strong or stable. The bone in the pelvus is weak. The hip and thigh are weak. No fractures were found, but this is not a problem due to the way the bone is broken. The pelvic ring and femurs are not strong. The abdominal cavity is not solid. The abdomen is not stable. No obstruction of the bowel, ascites (a condition in which the bowel is stuck in the throat), or lymphadronal lymph nodes (lymphadrenaline deposits in the lymphadrons) were observed. The lung is stable.
This review of trials found that the lungs were still full after surgery and that there was a small chance that the lung was still full. There was no evidence of lung swelling. There were some indications that the left lung was slightly swollen and that the right lung was not quite full. However, there was no clear evidence that the air was still in the lungs. There is evidence that there is some evidence that some of the lungs are still full, but there is no clear suggestion that there are any major problems. There are some signs of fluid leaking from the lungs, but this is not a major problem. There may be some signs that the liver, gallbladder, spleens, pancreas, and adrenal glands may be full. The liver, spbleen and kidneys are unscarred, but the liver and gallblad are too small to be sure of the cause. There seems to be no evidence that this is a problem. The left lung is still full and the right is still empty. There could be some fluid in the left pleura, but it is not clear what this is. There appears to be some excess fluid in both the left and right lungs. The right lung is slightly swollen. There might be some blood in the right lungs, and there is a small amount of fluid in each lung. There has been no evidence to suggest that there were any major issues with the lungs or the lungs have been damaged. There have been no major problems with the liver. There appear to be a few small problems with both the lungs (lungs) and the kidneys. There appeared to be little or no difference between the liver (liver) and kidneys (kneecap). There is some fluid leaking out of the bladder. There seemed to be more fluid in one lung. The bladder wall was thickening, suggesting cystitis. There did not seem to be any major complications. There seem to have been few problems with
This review of trials found that the left lower lobe volume loss with the use of tracheostomies (tracheostomy tube) was mildly better than the right lower lobe. There is a small left basilar pleurysm (pneumothorax), but the left lung is still not large. There are no major problems with the lungs. The right lower and right middle ear have not been affected. There was no significant change in the spine. There were no major complications. There appears to be no new problems with lung function.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that the left lung is not quite as clear as it should be. There is some suggestion that the lungs may be more swollen and that there may be some obstruction of the airways. There are no aggressive lung lesions. There was no evidence of a large lung obstruction. There were no major complications. The heart size is enlarged status post median sternotomy and CABG. There appears to be no aggressive growth of lymph nodes. There may be obstruction of a small lung drain. There appeared to be some evidence of obstruction of an artery in the left chest. There seems to be a lack of evidence of an obstruction of another lung. There appear to be few signs of obstruction in the upper abdomen. There does not appear to have been any aggressive growth in this area.
This review of trials found that the heart size is normal status post median sternotomy (surgic bypass) and C-section. There is a small left lung tube in stable position. There are no signs of lung disease. There was no evidence of a lung obstruction. There were no aggressive lung lesions. There may be some evidence of soft tissue emphysema in the right upper lobe of the chest wall. There appears no evidence that there is any evidence of lymphadenitis. The spleen is enlarged. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy.
This review of the literature found that the patient is still alive and well and has not had a new lung or airway nodule. The patient is again noted to be in good health post wedge resect in the left lower lobe. The heart size is normal. There is no new lung nodule in the right upper lobe. There are no new pleural effusions. There was no new evidence of a new lymphadenopathy. The central airways are patent. There were no new lesions in the lower abdomen. The surgery did not result in any new lesions. The quality of life of the patient was normal. The review found no evidence of new lesions or new lymph nodes.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in shape and size. The lungs are normal and the airways are clear. There is a left-sided aortic arch with conventional arch anatomy. The thyroid gland is normal. There are no abnormal lymph nodes. There was no evidence of abnormal lymphadenopathy. There were some abnormalities in the heart. There may be some abnormalities of the lungs. There has been no evidence that the lungs are blocked. There have been no major complications. There appears no evidence to support the use of aorta-based treatments for heart disease. There could be some abnormal lymph node growths in the liver. The liver is normal and healthy. There seems to be no evidence for the need for surgery to remove the liver or liver tissue. There might be some problems with the liver and liver tissue, but these are not serious. There should be more research in this area. There would be a need for a new type of treatment to be developed. There needs to be more studies to understand the role of the liver, liver, and liver. There must be studies to determine the role played by the thyroid gland. There need to be trials to determine whether there is a role for the thyroid glands. There will be trials in the future to determine if there is any benefit from using a new treatment.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence that the heart is larger than normal. There is no increased risk of narrowing in the chest. There are no signs of obstruction of the airway or obstruction of airways. There was no evidence of obstruction in the lungs. The heart size is normal. The blood pool in the left ventricle is lower than usual, compatible with known anemia. There were no signs that the blood was pumped through the lungs in a way that would have been expected. There may be some evidence of a hematoma in the upper chest. The evidence for the presence of an oedema (blood loss) in the right lower lobe of the chest is weak. There appears to be no evidence for an oesophageal hematomatous heath. The oedum is not thought to be large. There appeared to be little or no obstruction of blood flow to the oesseus. There seems to be a lack of evidence of an aggressive oedulum. The overall findings of this review are not consistent.
This review of trials found that the heart is stably enlarged. There is no evidence of any serious complications. The heart is not large enough to be considered to be at risk of narrowing. There are no major complications. There was no evidence that the lungs were affected by narrowing. No aggressive angina was found. There were no major problems with the airway or with the lungs. There may be some evidence of bone and soft tissue growth in the upper abdomen.
This review of the literature found that the size of the thyroid lobe has been decreasing, and that the left brachiocephal vein has been narrowed. The left bracheal vein is still open, but the left thyroid lobe is narrowed. Other thyroid lobe nodes have also decreased, as evidenced by a 1.5 cm pretracheal node (the largest in the neck) and a 1 cm hilar adenopathy (a mass in the throat). The left axillary node has increased in size, measuring 1.9 x 1.1 cm (the biggest in the left neck), but this is a new mass. The right hilar adnopathy has also decreased. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. The heart size is normal. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. The neck is still intact. The brain is still large and the left brain is intact.
This review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the chest is still intact, and the right middle lobe is still undiagnosed. There is no new lung nodule. There are no new lymphadenopathy symptoms. There was no evidence of a new lung or lymph node enlargement. The heart size is normal. There were no new fractures in the left lateral 5th-7th rib. There may be a fusiform aneurysm of the ascending thoracic aorta, measuring 4.4 cm at the level of the right main pulmonary artery, which is a new aneolus. There has been no change in the number of people with this aneoplasm. There appears no aggressive angina. There seems to be no new angina, but the number is too small to be sure. There appeared to be a similar number of fractures in both the left and right rib cages. There appear to be some old fractures. There does not appear to have been any new fractures. The aneurysis of the aortic aureus is still the same as it was in 2014. There did not appear any new angiomas. There seemed to be little or no difference in the numbers of patients with this aortism. There seem to be similar numbers of people without angiomatous lesions.
This review of trials found that the upper abdominal organs were normal. The heart and vessels were normal size. The lungs were clear. The aorta was normal size and the aortic aortus was normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The liver and lungs were normal and the thyroid gland was normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The breasts were normal in shape. The stomach was normal and no abnormal tissue was found in this review. The thyroid gland had normal thyroid gland size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorte were found, but these were not abnormal. No abnormal bone lesions or other abnormal bone growths were seen. The breast tissue was white and the breasts were calcified. The neck and shoulders were normal, but the neck and chest were not. The right posterior rib fractures were not healed. The left lower lobe of the left lung was atelectasis due to the large hatal (hindering of the lung) herniated hernias.
This review of the literature found that the lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. The aorta is normal. The chest port tip of the aortic valve terminates within the superior cavoatrial junction. The lungs are stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen, and no aggressive bone disease is noted. The examination quality is slightly degraded by motion artifact.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: see separately dictated reports for findings below the diphragm. Osseus and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid is not affected. The thyroid gland has a normal size and volume and is not damaged. The lungs and airways are normal in size. No evidence of obstruction of the lungs or airways is found. No abnormal lung function is reported. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. No periuretic or pericardial effusion is reported in the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. The heart and vessels are normal. No abnormalities of the aorta or the lungs are not noted.
This review of the available evidence shows that a single, diffusely spread, sub-4 mm (wet) lung nodule is still stable in the right lung. Other scattered sub-2 mm lung deposits (worsenage) are also still stable, for example, the left lung. There is no evidence of lymphadial infusions, pleurignopathy, or pleurisy.
This review of trials found that the following abnormalities were found: Lungs/Airways/Pleurys/Pulmonary arteries: There is a new consolidation of the lung bases, most prominent on the left in series 3 image 396. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Mildly calcified calcifications in the aortal arteries and the aorted vessels. Upper Abdomen: No adenopathy within the thorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or worsening of existing lung nodules were found. No consolidations. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and normal. The airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower lobe of the thyroid gland. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm is normal. No abnormal bone lesions have been found below the level of the abdomen. No pericardial effusion. No cancer of the lymph nodes or thyroid gland has been found. The thoracic adenopathy is not known to be a problem. The majority of the evidence is from studies from the last 20 years.
This review of trials found that a small, non-specific lung nodule is not thought to be a tumour of metastatic disease. There is no evidence of lymph node growth, lymph node shrinkage, or pleuromuscular lymph nodes.
This review of the literature found that lung and airways cancer is spreading to the lungs, heart, and vessels. There is a worsening of the left main pulmonary artery, with a worsening mass of calcified calcified blood clots. There are new pleurons in the right lung. There was no change in the size of the esphagina. The esophagus is patulous. There were no new pleural effusions. There appears to be no new enlargement of the lymph nodes. There may be a worsening in the left post-operative third rib. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Moderate pericardial effusion is again seen. There have been no new heart attacks. There has been no change of the size or shape of the heart or vessels. The left lung is still too large to be of benefit. There seems to be a lack of evidence of any new pleures or arteries. There appear to be mild coronary calcification. There remains a lack in the heart and vessel area.
This review of trials found that the following organs and tissues were normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Mildly abnormal calcifications of the heart, aorta, and aortic arteries. Heart and Vessel: No changes in the size of the aortas. Pulmonary artery is large. Puluses: No pleurons or lungs are patent. No new pleuronuclear disease. No consolidations. Mediastinum/L lymph node: No thorcocapulothoracic adenopathies. No changes to the lymph node. Thyroid: No thyroid enlargement. Heart: No abnormal growth of thyroid glands. Pulus: No growth of the arteries. Pulum: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseus: Normal growth of muscle. Lower Abdomen: No significant growth of bone. Upper Abdomens: No differences in muscle.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleurys/Pulmonary artery: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoraco-aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta: Normal heart and vessels: No pericardial effusion. Moderate arterial calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a lung cancer. However, there is evidence of calcification of the aortic valve (valve calcification), a calcified aorta and an aneolus (a blood clot) in the aortal arteries. There is no clear evidence of lymph nodes or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseus lesion is seen.
This review of the literature found that the esophagus is filled with fluid, the mid and the upper esphageal wall is thickening, and the heart is enlarging. There is no clear evidence of a lung or airway problem. The heart is large, and there is a small percardial (heart valve) effusion. There are no signs of a lymph node problem. There may be some evidence of scarring in the right upper lobe. The esophageal walls are thickening. There was no evidence of aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels of patients with heart failure are normal in size. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusions. The kidneys are atrophied and shrunken. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs. The heart appears normal in shape. Mild changes in the aorta of the aortal arteries are likely to be due to changes in blood vessels. The right adrenals are calcified and the left adrenals may be calcified from a remote inflammatory or hemorrhagic process. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The patient's condition is stable.
This review of trials found that the number of patients with COVID (COVID) is stable. The number of people with COPD is reduced and the number with fluid in the lungs has also decreased. However, the number and size of patients who have a PICC (pulmonary arterial catheters), chest tube, and lymph node are still not the same. The PICCs and PLEURs are still in place. The right-sided chest tube is in the right apex just inside the pleurysm. The left-sided PICc is in a narrow space just inside of the pleurethral space. The heart is still normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No pericardial effusion has been found, but the number is low. The aorta is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The diaphragm is still intact. The abdomen is still in normal shape. The head of the PIC corsets is still above the diaphrragmatic vein. The pula is still attached to a vein. No serious complications have been reported.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways diseases were not uncommon. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular (centre of trachea), paraseptal (paracranial) and parasepontaneous (paraurethral) emphysema. Mild bronchia (bronchia) wall thickens. Mild aortic (aortic) calcifications. No pleurigny (pulmonary) effusion. No percardial (a hole) or aorta (a drain) effusions. Heart: Heart is large and normal. No evidence of percervical effusion, pleurons (pneumothorax) or pleuronema. Thyroid: Thyroid is unremarkable. No new or enlarging nodles were found in the thyroid. No thoracic (thyroid) adenopathia (adenopathies) were found outside the radiation field. No signs of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion were found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body. No abnormal growths outside the radiological field.
This review of clinical trials found that the thyroid gland is normal size and the lung and airways are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The thyroid gland has normal thyroid gland size. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion has been reported and no pericordial effusions have been noted. The aortic aorta (the main artery) is normal in size. Pulmonary artery is normal. The upper abdomen is unblemished. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No abnormal bone growths or swelling of the soft tissues.
This review of the available evidence shows that there is a single, small, but still relatively large, nodule in the right lung. This is a relatively stable nodule, but it is still too small to be of any real use. There is no evidence of lymphadial infusions. Mild emphysema is present. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleurignopathy.
This review of the literature found no evidence of abnormal growths or obstruction of the lungs, airways, or lungs. However, the size of the aorta and the heart and vessels were small. No abnormal growth was observed. The body's tissues were normal. The thyroid was normal. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. No cancer of the thyroid was noted. The spine was normal and normal. There was no evidence that the spine was affected by cancer.
This review of trials found that there is a moderate risk that the heart may be inflamed. There is a small risk of narrowing of the arteries and a small increase in the risk of coronary calcification. There are no signs of angina.
This review of trials found that the right lung is still stable and the right airway is still clear. The right lung has a normal volume of air and the left lung has the same size. The left lung is not clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal size and the coronary arteries and aortas are normal. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the upper abdominal muscles. No abnormal bone lesions in the thoracic spine.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways were unchanged, but the lungs were not as clear as before. There was a small but consistent improvement in the right lung. There were no major complications. There is a small increase in the number of heart and vessel enlargements. There are no major bone lesions. There may be some evidence of a small improvement in muscle tissue in the upper breast glandular tissue, but this is not as strong as before, and there is a slight increase in bone growth. There appears to be no evidence of bone growth in the left breast gland, but there is some concern that this may be due to the presence of a loop in the chest.
This review of trials found that lung and airway changes were consistent with the prior right upper lobectomy. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid gland size was normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mildly calcified calcifications of the heart and aortas were seen. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes were seen in the spine.
This review of trials found that the number of lymph nodes remaining in the lung is stable, but that there is a small amount of fluid in the left lung. Mild emphysema and mild bronchia are seen. There is no evidence of lymph node growth in the right lungs.
This review of trials found that lung and airway disease was associated with a thickening of the bronchus (bronchus) and a thickenings of the esphageal (lungs) wall. The bronchial wall was thought to be caused by the growths of the lungs. The lung wall was thickened by a thin layer of mucous from the lungs, but this was not found with this review. The heart and vessels were not affected. The aorta (aortic valve) was not affected, but there were some bone growths in the aortic wall. No pericardial (aureic) effusion was found. No pleural (pulothorax), lung (pneural) or airway (pleura), or lymph node (lymph node), disease was not seen. No aggressive (bore) bone growth was seen. The evidence is current to January 2014.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Stable postoperative changes consistent with prior esophagectomies. Osseusous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a lung cancer in this group. Mild peripheral reticulations in both lungs have slightly increased. There is no pleural effusion. Paraaortic/paravertebral lymphadenopathies (lungs) have been found. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are seen. No active lymph node growths have been seen. There are no signs of a cancer of the lung.
This review of trials found that the patient's lung function is stable. There is mild lung swelling, but no evidence of a lung cancer. The patient is status post left breast reconstruction. The heart is enlarged. Sclerotic foci scattered throughout the ribs and spine are stable, and presumably metastases.
This review of trials found that lung and airway nodules were similar in size, and that the aorta was the same size as in the prior study. However, the aorts were not as clear. There was a trend towards increased scarring in the right lung. The aortas were normal size. The right lung was the size of a normal lung and the aortal artery was normal size, but the aways were not clear. The left lung was larger and the right was larger. The thyroid gland was normal. No evidence of adenopathy was found. The heart and vessels were normal. The findings of this review are based upon a single study from August 2021. The review found that the size and distribution of the nodules was similar in the new study from 2021. However the size, distribution and shape of the aorteda were different from the prior one. The risk of aortic stenosis was similar. The number of patients with aortitis was similar to the prior trial. The quality of the studies was low.
This review of trials found that the following organs were normal. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Right-sided renal cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum and lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracaortic aorta. Evaluation of the abdominal organs is limited. Osseus (bones) and soft tissues: No aggressive disease. Routine age-related changes in the spine: Rough changes in muscle and bone. No new and enlarging lung nodule. No pericardial (pulvular) effusion. No changes in lung size. No abnormal swelling of the lungs. No consolidation of the lung. No large changes in symptoms.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal lung function. Fat necrosis was again noted in the anterior upper abdomen. No aggressive oesophageal lesion was seen.
This review of the literature found that the following parts of the thoracic spine were not affected: Lungs/Pleura: No new lung nodule growths. No pleural effusion. Lungs and airways: No pleurons or lungs were affected. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pul pulmonary artery is abnormal. Upper Abdomen: No abnormal bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions in the soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative change in the thorcographic spine. No percardial (in the heart) effusion, pneumothorax, or pleuronuclear (pneumothoracosis). No pericardial effusion or pleural (pneural) effusus.
This review of trials found that the size of the lung nodules and the number of small and large pleural nodule (e.g. clusters of nodules) were unchanged compared to prior studies. The number of large pleuromuscular nodules was similar. The size of heart and vessels was normal. The amount of blood flowing through the lungs was normal and no evidence of obstruction of the lungs. The presence of a small number of pleural effusions (pneumothorax) was not observed. The numbers of the arteries and veins were normal. No evidence of abnormal blood flow through the heart or vessels. The body's soft tissues were normal and there were no signs of bone lesions. The evidence for the size and appearance (of the lung, heart and vessel) of the aorta, aortic artery, and the thyroid gland were normal, but the size (of these organs) of some of the other parts were not clearly different. The results of the review were not consistent.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways of people with COPD are stable, but there is some concern that the airways may be getting thinner. There is no evidence of a change in the size of the aortic valve. The heart and vessels appear normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed.
This review of trials found that the following are not uncommon problems: Lungs/Pleural (pneumothorax) and airways (pneural effusion) are stable. No abnormal growths or mass in the lungs. No pericardial effusion. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or mass. No lung cancer. No abnormalities of the aortic valve and aortal artery. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries and vessels. No calcifications of the heart. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Left renal cysts. No active bone lesions or abnormal growth. No thoracic adenopathy. No evidence of pericardiographic abnormalities or pericordial effusions. No adverse events.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is still functioning normally. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there was a small increase in the number of calcified lymph node cells. The thyroid gland was not affected by any new or worsening of symptoms. The aortic valve calcification was not seen. The pulmonary artery was mildly dilated (32 mm). No new abnormal growths were found and the aorta was still slightly dilated. No abnormal growth was found. The right shoulder was affected by changes in bone growth. The left shoulder was also affected. The main outcome of interest was the growth of a small thyroid nodule in the left major fissure. This was benign and probably not harmful.
The review authors identified six studies that met the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review. The evidence is current to January 2015. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left upper lobe tree-in-bud nodules are seen on series 6, image 141 and are likely infectious/inflammatory. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Biventricular angina is present. No consolidations. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No aggressive bone lesions. Status post sternotomy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is globally enlarged. No abnormal heart rhythm is present and the heart is stable. No abnormalities are noted. No obstructions to the lungs. The airways are patent.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a significant increase in the risk of lymphadenopathies in people with COPD. However, there is some evidence that there are some small, stable lung nodule patterns in the right lung.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The lung and airways appear to be normal. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets are suspected in the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions are reported. The hernia in the esophagus is a hernia with a diffuse thickening, consistent with mass seen on a recent eardrum biopsies. The heart and vessel size are not abnormal. No pericardial (in the heart) effusion is reported. No evidence of aorticular (in aortical) calcification is found. The study did not find any evidence of an obstruction of the aurea (pneural duct) or of a block in the left lung.
This review of the literature found that the following lung and airways features were not affected: Lungs/Pleura: No abnormal lung growths, no pericardial effusion, and no pleuromuscular (pneumothorax) or pleurignomatous (pneural) obstruction. Lungs: Mildly thickened, but not abnormal, bronchial wall thickens. No abnormal lymph node growth. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. Heart: Heart is not abnormal. Lung: No abnormally large or large lymph node. Thyroids: Thyroes are not abnormally big. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive cancer growth. Lower Abdomens: No abnormalities.
This review of the literature found that the right lower lobe lung nodule is still stable, but there is no evidence of lymphadial inflow. Mild bronchiectasis (bronchial effusion), mucous plugging, and bronchial sepsis (bluemus growth) are again noted. No aggressive lymphadiation or pleural effusion are seen.
This review of trials found that the following organs were normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe lung changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion. No evidence of large airway disease. Signs of large bronchial wall thickening. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries (aorta) and aortic valve (a valve that carries blood to the lungs). Calcifications of aortics (a narrowing of the artery) are normal. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of trials found that the left lung was growing back more slowly than the right. This was due to the presence of a tree of tissue growing in the left upper lobe. This tree of tissues was not growing back as fast as it was on the previous exam. The left lung also grew more slowly. The right lung was still growing as fast on previous examination. The lung was also growing faster than the left. The heart was still beating normally. The aorta was normal in course and caliber. The lymph nodes were not growing as quickly as on prior examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The evidence is up to date as of January 2014.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways were not affected by the disease. However, the number of lung nodules in the upper lobe of the neck was slightly reduced. These findings likely represent mild lung edema. The neck CT showed that the neck CT was too small to detect any significant changes. The thyroid gland was normal. The heart was normal and the vessels were normal. No abnormal bone lesions were found. The brain and lungs were normal and no abnormal bone growth was observed. The body's organs were normal, but the thyroid gland and thyroid gland were abnormal. The main artery was slightly enlarged. The abdominal organs were unremarked on. The spine was normal, and the neck did not change in any major ways.
This review of trials found that the heart and lungs appear normal in size. The lungs appear to be stable and the airways appear clear. No evidence of obstruction of the lung or of the airway. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were reported in the upper lungs. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs was reported. The heart and vessels appear normal.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid is not affected. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but the thyroid was not enlarged. No abnormal growths were found in the lungs or in the airways. No pericardial effusion was reported. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported, but there was no evidence of a change in the size of the aorta. The heart and vessels were not affected, but no abnormal growth was found.
This review of the available evidence shows that the right lung has been affected by a long-term, but not severe, problem with fluid leaking from the lungs. The left lung has not been as badly affected. However, the right upper lobe has been damaged and the right lungs have been thinning. The right lung is still leaking, but the left lung is not. The heart is normal in size. The aortic valve is still intact. The main artery is still functioning normally. The coronary artery remains open and functioning normally, but there are some calcified patches in the middle. The major artery is open and working well. The pulmonary artery is in place. The other major artery, the main vein, is still open. The middle artery is not large enough to be of concern. The lungs are still thin and the aorta is still expanding. The lung is thinning and the airway is still not completely clear. The airway may be leaking. The chest wall is still thin. The arteries are still intact and functioning well.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways diseases were not affected: - Lungs/Pleura: - No new or enlarging lung nodles. - No pericardial (wound) effusion. - Lung disease in the lower lobe of both lungs (4/210) - No more or less fibrotic (worsening) lung disease. - The upper lung (4. 268) - Mild coronary calcifications. - Heart and Vessels: - The heart chambers appear normal in size. - Normal course and caliber of the arteries. - Mild consolidation of the aortic valve leaflets. - Moderate to severe coronary calcification. - Commonly occurring lymph nodes: - Stable prominent prominent lymph nodes, for example upright paratracheal 1.1 cm and subcarinal lymph nodes. - St stable left lateral chest wall intramuscular lipoma. - Modestly enlarging lymph nodes (4 of 268). - No aggressive bone lesions. - None reported. - Thyroid gland: - Thyrocyte gland is unremarkable. - Bone lesions: - Bone and soft tissue lesions: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review of the literature found that the size of the lung mass in the pericardum has changed from 4.4 x 2.2 to 4.2 cm. The mass has retracted from the surface of the percervus and is now 4.8 cm across. The left upper lobe of the mass has also changed from 2.3 cm across to 2.5 cm across and is still growing. The right upper lobe remains unchanged. The pericardiadum has also remained unchanged. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications have not changed. The heart is normal in size. The lung wall is thickening. The stomach is normal. The abdomen is unbroken. The head of the stomach is unblemished. The chest wall is thin. The lungs are still intact. The liver is still intact and the heart is still beating normally. The brain is still working normally. No new sclerotic lesions have been found. The tumour is still in place. The cancer of the liver is not growing.
This review of trials found that the following are the results of the same review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronechial tree is patent. Mild lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 1.1 cm right upper lobe ground glass nodule (3:199) since multiple recent exams and present since at least 2007. Cluster of micronodules in the right upper ear (3.0 cm) may represent small airways disease. St stable lymph node adjacent to the right minor fissure since 2007 consistent with benign etiology (3/341). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Scarring at the lung bases. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracentic adenaopathy. No thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads terminate in the left atrium and right ventricle. Heart is normal in size. Status post mitral and tricuspid valve repairs. Status after ascending aorta repair and aortic valve replacement. Ascending aortus measures 38 mm. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. Coronary artery and aortsic calcifications. Calcified granulomata in the spleen. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged right renal cyst. Left renal hypodensities too small to characterize. Calculations in the kidney. Calculated granulomalata in spleen are too small for classification. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires. T8 vertebral body hemangioma.
This review of the literature found that the right lung is stable and the right chest port is still in place. There is no new growth of lymph nodes or any evidence of lymph node effusion. There are several prominent lymph nodes in the right breast but no new or enlarging lung nodule is observed. There was no evidence of a new lymph node growth. The right chest is still solid. There were no new lymph nodes found. There may be some evidence of an enlargement of the right lymph node but this is not yet known. There appears to be no evidence that the lymph nodes are growing back.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal: Lungs/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aorte. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in the thorax throughout the thoracere are seen. Osseous structure: No bone lesions or aggressive bone disease. No percardial (in the heart) effusion. No consolidations. Mediastinum/L lymph node: No thoracics: No adenopathies. No thoracentrexis: No pericardial effusion, pleuritis, or pleuris. No cancer.
This review of the evidence from the literature found that the thyroid gland is not affected. However, the thyroid is not growing back as well as it was before. The thyroid gland has not been seen to grow again. The aortic valve is not enlarged. The heart is normal size. The main artery is mildly dilated. No calcifications of the ascending aorta. Mild calcifications in the aortis and aorti are seen. No pericardial effusion. No pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs or airways is noted. No evidence of a thyroid gland enlargement is noted in the upper lung. No abnormalities in the thyroid glands are noted.
This review of the literature found that the following are the findings of the review: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new pleurons or lungs. No pneumothorax. Central and upper airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No more new mediastinal adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the diphragm. Osseous structure and Soft tissues: Stable swelling of T12 vertebral body. St stable bony lesion in T10 and T11. There is increasing swelling of the T10 vertebral and T12 rib lesion. There are increasing sclerosis and rib lesions. There may be a change in the condition of the right eighth rib lesement which may be due to the treatment.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is still active and growing, but the size of the growths is small. However, the thyroid is still very large. The thyroid gland has not grown any larger than the thyroid mass. The left thyroid gland also has not been affected by thyroid cancer. The right thyroid gland, however, has been affected. The heart and vessels of the thyroid are also affected. There is a slight enlargement of the heart and vessel wall. The lungs are also still expanding. The liver is still growing. The aortic valve is still intact. The lung wall is thickening. The neck is still expanding and the right shoulder is still getting used to the new scarring. The spine is still turning red. The cancer is still spreading in the neck and shoulder. The lymph nodes are still growing and the thyroid remains large.
This review of trials found that lung and airway calcifications were unchanged and the aorta was the same size as it was in the prior study. No new or enlarging lung nodles were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. Central and upper airways were clear. No major complications were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The aortas were normal size. The heart and vessels were normal. The stomach was normal. No abnormal growths were noted in the thyroid gland. The hernia was not large enough to be of concern. The arteries were normal in the heart and the vessels. The kidneys were normal and the heart was normal size, but the aortal arteries were larger than normal. There was no evidence that the aural or pulmonary arteries were enlarged. The thyroid gland was normal in size. No significant changes were seen in the achondrocysis. The kidney and thyroid gland were normal sizes. The liver and thyroid glands were normal sized. The abdominal organs were normal, but there was no abnormal growth. The brain and lungs were normal as well. The abdomen was normal and there was a left-sided ICD in place.
This review of trials found that there is a small number of sub-4 mm lung nodules, but these are not stable. A small number are stable and a large number of them are not. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are some varices in the esophagus.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a difference in the number of lung nodule lesions in the left lung. There is no indication of lymph node growth.
This review of trials found that there is a lack of information about the extent of the disease in the lung. There is no evidence that there are any major problems with the lung or the airway.
This review of trials found that there is a small but stable number of sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleurignopathy. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. Mild subtle groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe are nonspecial, and may be infectious or have an unknown cause. There was no evidence that there was a change to the lung wall. There were no signs of lymphadonectasis (lung cancer), lymphadonsis (liver cancer), or pleural effusion. There are no signs that the hernia is growing again.
This review of the available evidence shows that the heart appears normal in size. The lung is not large enough to show any evidence of narrowing. The airways are patent. The aorta is normal. The kidneys are normal. There is no evidence of any abnormal swelling of the kidneys. The liver is normal in shape. The stomach is normal and the bowel is normal, but the liver is not normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The heart is not big enough to see any evidence that the aortas are narrowed. The lungs are patent and the aurea is not swollen. The abdomen is normal but the bowel does not look normal. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for people with this condition.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central and upper airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal heart and vessels are normal size and no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion (of the abdomen) of the organs are unblemish. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age related changes in the thoracheal spine are seen.
This review of trials found that the main pulmonary artery is enlarged up 3.7 cm in the main lung. The main pulmonary arteries are not large enough to be of concern. The thyroid gland is normal. No abnormal thyroid gland growths have been found. No evidence of a difference between thyroid gland and thyroid gland in the lungs or thyroid gland. No abnormalities of the thyroid gland have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No pericardial effusion has been found in the heart. The major pulmonary artery has a normal size. The aortic aorta is not large. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm (the 'drum') is not raised. No signs of obstruction of lung function have been noted. No adverse events have been identified.
This review of trials found that there are some indications that the right chest may be inflamed, but there is no clear evidence that this is due to the presence of a large lung or airway obstructions. There is a small but not large amount (10 x2 cm) of fluid in the superior medial right chest, which is a simple collection of blood. There are no signs of a deep vein thrombosis. There appears to be no evidence of a pericardial effusion. There was no evidence that the heart or vessels were affected. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There may be some evidence that there is a large amount of fluid inside the right breast, but this is not thought to be a problem. There seems to be little evidence of an obstruction of the airways. There appear to be some signs of swelling of the chest wall, but these are not thought by the surgeon to be serious. There does not appear to have been any serious complications.
This review of trials found that the heart appears to be healthy and that the lungs and airways are not blocked. However, the lungs are not clear or clear of fluid and the airways may be clamped. Severe coronary artery calcifications and/or stents are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen and no bone growths are seen, but there is a suggestion of bone growth in the upper arm. The review found that there is no clear evidence of a difference in the number of people who have a heart attack.
This review of trials found that there is a small but consistent number of sub-4 mm lung nodule (lung) in people with thyroid cancer. Mild paraseptal emphysema is seen. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleurignopathy.
This review of trials found that there is a large amount of secretions/debris in the trachea, left mainsthe bronchus, and left bronchum. Mild atelectasis is also seen. There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. There was a 1.8 cm prevascular nodule, likely an enlarging lymph node, in the left lung. There were no aggressive osseus lesions. Multiple hepatic cysts were noted.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung consolidation, lung edma, or pneumothorax. New evidence of a small left pleural effusion with a hiatal herniadus (hindus) is seen. No thoracic lymphadus lesions are seen. A small hernia is seen, but no large herniative lesion is seen in this group.
This review of trials found that the body and tail of patients with aortic aneurysm are well-formed, and that the vessels supplying the aorta and aortis are well formed. The aortas are well sealed, and the aureus is still intact. The right aort is still in place, and there is a small but not large amount of fluid around it. The left aortus is not in place and the left aureous is not swollen. The heart is still functioning normally. The bowel is still working normally. There is a lot of fluid surrounding the aorteda and the major arteries. There are no signs of obstruction of the bowel. There may be some evidence of a small amount of excess fluid around the aortal artery and the right aureum. There was no evidence of any further aneuriesm or rupture of the aural nerve. The body and the tail of the abdomen are well defined and well-defined. The liver and biliary tree are well preserved. The pancreatic duct stent has been placed since 10/10/2021. The pancreas is still well-shaped and well formed, and no evidence suggests that it is affected by any of the complications of the operation. The remaining liver and the biliary ductal dilatation is not well-known. The condition of the liver and liver tree is not known to be a problem. The biliary artery is still solid and functioning normally, and is not affected by the operation itself. The ductal ductal narrowing is not clearly defined. The abdominal wall of the bile duct is not abnormal. The patient is still breathing normally. No evidence of aneurism or rupture is found. The surgical complications are not reported. The surgeon is continuing to perform a series of tests to determine the best surgical treatment for the aorts.
This review of trials found that the neck of the person with cervical spine is slowly getting worse. The neck is thin and wavy, and the neck is not straight. The spine is also getting narrower. There is a small, but not large, scar in the left lower lobe (4:297). The neck may be getting narrower and the lungs are not getting any larger. There are no signs of cancer in the neck. The lungs are normal and the airways are patent. There was no evidence of any cancer in either the lung or the airway. The heart and vessels appear normal. There were no signs that the heart or vessels were affected. The brain is not getting smaller. The spinal cord is getting thinner. There may be some damage to the brain. The nerve in the brain is still intact. The head of the brain may be growing back. The mouth is still normal.
This review of trials found that the following organs and tissues were normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum and lymph nodes: The cystic lesion at the level of the thoracic inlet measuring up to 1.9 x 1.0 cm in series 3 image 52 is unchanged in size compared to the prior study and slightly deviates the esophagus to the left. The fluid within the anterior mediastinal compartment is also unchanged no adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size and the liver is too small to be seen on chest CT. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway abnormalities were not uncommon, but there were some problems with the size of the lung and the airway. There was a small herniated herniate muscle in the right lung. There were no new lung nodule or pleural effusion. There is a small but stable right lung nodulism, which is a rare but common problem. There are multiple new and enlarging lung nodles, for instance, a new lingul nodule (1.1 x 1.1 cm), which is still in place, and a new right lung (2.0 x 1). There is an 8 mm hypodense nodule in the left lung, which has not been grown since the last search. There may be a small pleurisy in the upper lung, but this is not new. There seems to be no new thoracic adenopathies. There appears to be a normal size of heart and vessels. There appear to be normal calcifications of the aortic valve. There has been no new growth of new thyroid nodule. There have been no major complications. There appeared to be moderate to moderate calcification of the heart. There seemed to be little or none of the other organs. There seem to be some problems in the abdomen. There could be a herniating muscle in both breasts. There might be a little hernia in the lower breast. There does not appear to exist any new cancer.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. There was no evidence of any major complications. The lung was not affected. The lungs were not affected, but there was a small obstruction in the left lung. The pulmonary artery was enlarged, which may be a problem in people with high blood pressure. There were no signs of lung disease. The thyroid gland was not damaged. There is no evidence that the lymph nodes were affected. There are no signs that the thyroid gland is affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and arteries were normal. The great vessels were of normal size. The kidney and lungs were normal size, but the kidney and lung were not damaged, and the lungs were too large to be affected. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
This review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the thoracic spine has a thinning of the soft tissue around the middle of the lung. The soft tissue nodularity (nodularity) in the right middle lobe has decreased in the prior study, but the size of this decrease is not large. The left middle lobe of this spine is still thin. No new or enlarging lung nodule have been found. The right lung is still large. No pericardial effusions have been reported. The aortic artery is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The thoracoskeletons are normal. The neck and chest are normal and the aorta is normal. Severe atherosclerosis (blockage of the coronary arteries) of the aorts and aorts is a problem in the coronary heart and aortas. The thyroid gland is normal and normal thyroid gland. The diaphragm is normal, but there is a small amount of evidence of changes in the diaphrasis. The abdominal wall of the diphragm has thickening, similar to prior studies. The stomach is normal but the diastrum is not thickening. The chest is normal with a right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC.
This review of clinical trials found that the patient had a normal thyroid gland growth in the left lung. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy (lung cancer), pleurisy (worsenage of the lymphadons), or pleurigninosis (wound of the pleural tract). The tumour was not large or large. There were no signs of lymph nodes in the neck. The patient is status post thyroid surgery.
This review of clinical trials found that the thyroid gland is normal size and the heart and vessels are normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The thyroid gland has normal thyroid gland size and is not affected. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No abnormal thyroid tissue growth has been found in the lower abdomen. No pericardial (a type of blood clot) effusion has been noted. No other abnormal thyroid tissues have been noted, and no new or enlarged thyroid nodles are noted.
This review of the literature found that there is a new left pleural effusion with a small, but still large, gas-filled, mass in the left lung. This is likely to be a hemorrhage. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or other cancer-like lesions.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid is not affected. The thyroid is a small gland and the body's thyroid gland appears to be in a normal shape. The heart and vessels are normal in size. The lungs are not affected and the airways do not show any evidence of swelling. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No abnormal swelling of the thyroid glands has been reported.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growth of lymph nodes, but there were some calcified granulomatous nodulosum (worsening) in the right lung. The right lung is not large or prominent. The airways are not blocked. No pleural effusions were noted. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal in shape. The left chest port is a narrow, narrow and narrow. The bone lesions are not aggressive. The cancerous growths are not large enough to be of concern. The evidence is up to date as of January 2014.
This review of trials found that the majority of the lung lesions were of sub-5 mm size, and that the risk of lung cancer was low. However, the risk was high for the most part. No aggressive lung cancer or lymphadenopathy were found.
This review of the available evidence shows that the heart is still beating as normal. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in size. No new pulmonary nodule has been found. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion is observed. The kidney collecting system is still intact. Mucosal and/or luminal hyper density (hypo density), which is a sign of excess fluid, is seen. No pericardial (the heart is not enlarging), supraclavic (lung) or hilar (liver) lymph nodes are seen.
This review of trials found that there is a small amount evidence of bronchial wall thickness in the right lung. There is no evidence of lung damage or of an increase in the risk of lung failure.
This review of trials found that the left thyroid lobe is surgically absent. The right thyroid lobe appears to be enlarged. The left lower lobe is also surgically missing. The thyroid is still growing and the right thyroid is not growing. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No new thoracic adenopathy has been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed in the thoracoid area. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been reported. The aortic valve is still functioning normally. The neck and chest are not affected. The kidneys are normal. The liver is normal.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the heart appears to be large and well-maintained. The lymph nodes are stable and the airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions were reported. The thyroid gland appears to have no aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal. The aorta is normal in size. The kidneys are normal and no pericardial effusion was reported. No aggressive bone disease was reported in the kidney. The upper abdominal wall is normal. No abnormal bone lesions were reported in this review.
This review of the literature found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. The lungs were stable and the airways were clear. The right lung was slightly narrowed, but not narrowed. The left lung had a small but stable obstruction. The thyroid gland was normal. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in shape. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The lung was stable and there was no evidence of obstruction. No pulmonary edema was noted. The kidney and liver were normal. There were no abnormal blood vessels. The brain and liver had normal blood flow. The kidneys and liver did not have abnormal blood flow or abnormal blood clot formation. The liver and liver appeared to be normal. No abnormal blood vessel growth was noted in the brain. The stomach and pelvis were normal and no abnormal bone growth was seen.
The review authors identified several bilateral scattered lung nodule (lung) and pleural (pleural) nodule patterns, and a number bilateral and hilar (lumbar) lymphadenopathy. The thyroid gland is not prominent. The heart and vessels are normal. No pericardial (a vessel in the aorta) effusions are noted. The airways are not patent. The neck and shoulders are unblemish. The upper and lower limbs are unimpressive. The aortic (a vein in the lower leg) aortas are unremarked. The lower limbs appear to be unblemished. The spine is unblemathed. No aggressive bone lesions are noted, but the spine hardware is unimpacted. The included portion (the thyroid) is unremoved.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new or worsening of existing lung nodule disease was observed. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodulant. The previous thymic hyperplasia is not fully understood. The heart and vessels appear to be normal. No pericardial effusion. The right breast is again swollen and scarred. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. No additional bone lesions have been observed. No more than one new lymph node has been identified. The overall size of the thyroid gland appears normal. The aortic and heart chambers appear normal. There is no new evidence of a new or increased risk of aortitis. The lymph nodes appear to have the same size as those in the breast and the heart. No further studies are needed to determine the best way to treat this disease.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways of people with COPD are not affected by the disease. However, the lungs may be affected by a mosaic of glass (bronze). The heart appears normal in size. The lungs are not blocked and the airways are patent. No pleural effusions are seen. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is not affected. The aorta is normal. The right breast is not damaged. The left breast is covered in a prominent right breast fibroglandular parenchyma. No aggressive bone lesions are seen and no aggressive bone disease is noted. The coronary artery is normal and the heart is in normal shape.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is stable, but the thyroid is not large. The thyroid gland appears to be normal size. The heart appears normal in size. No new abnormal bone lesions have occurred. The lung and airways are stable. No pleural effusions. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema have been observed. The airways have not been affected by any new pleural obstruction. The neck and lower limbs are stable and the neck is not affected. The right lung is stable and no new abnormal tissue has been found. The left lung is still covered by a thin layer of scarring. The aortic valve is stable. The vertebral bodies of the neck and the aorta are normal. The spine is not abnormal. The bone around the neck appears to remain intact. The body of the thyroid glands is unremarkable. The presence of aortical and aorticular deposits is not reported. The size and shape of the bone lesions are not abnormal and no aggressive bone lesions were observed. No aggressive bone deposits have been found in the thyroid. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of a problem with the lungs or airways. There are some small nodules in the lung and the airway. There was no evidence that the lung was affected by pneumonia or that the lungs were affected by an excess of fluid. There were no signs of adenopathy of the lymph node. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There may be some mild abnormalities in the arteries of the heart. There appears to be no evidence for a problem in the heart or the lungs. There seems no evidence to support the use of a paclitaxel. There has been no evidence about the use or risk of an excess in the right breast.
This review of clinical trials found that the following organs were normal. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or worsening of pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including a diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Scattered pulmonary nodule in left lung are still intact. No new and enlarging lung nodule. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Mild atherosclerotic ( calcifications) calcifications of the heart and aortas. No aggressive (bronchopulanic) bone lesions. No thoracics. Thyroid: No thyroid adenopathies. No thyroid enlargement. No pericardial (thoracic) effusion. No consolidations. Upper Abdomen: No changes to the appearance of the upper abdomen. The other visualized organs are unremarkably normal. Rutural age-related changes in the thorcis vertebra and the thorx.
This review of trials found that the size of the lungs and airways were normal. The aorta was normal. No new lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The heart and vessels were normal and the aortas normal. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The thyroid gland was normal and normal. Severe heart and vessel calcification was not seen. The number of fractures in the lower abdomen was similar to the prior study. No major fractures were found in the upper abdomen. The evidence is up to date as of January 2015.
The review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal: Lungs/Pleura: No lung mass or suspicious lung nodule. No pneumonic separation. Moderate sized bilateral pleural fluid and adjacent pleurons were seen. The airways are patent. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodule were found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The aorta is normal in shape. Mild coronary calcifications Upper Abdomen: Reported separate. Osseous structure: Heterogeneous bone marrow diffusely seen.
This review of trials found that the left lung is still expanding but the left airway is not quite as large as the right. The left lung has a small amount of fluid in the pleural space, which is not large as it was on the prior study. The right lung has less fluid in that pleurysmal space. The heart and vessels are normal size. The thyroid gland is normal size and normal. The aorta is normal. No new abnormal lung nodules have been found. No evidence of lung cancer. The pulmonary artery is normal in size. Mildly abnormal calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas have been seen. No abnormal lung deposits have been identified. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bony lesions have been observed. Bilateral breast implants are in place.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The right thyroid lobe is surgically absent. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The left breast is still intact. The aorta is normal. The breast is not large enough to show any evidence of cancer. The thyroid is still not large. The lymph nodes are still intact and the right breast is intact. No new and enlarging lymph nodes have been found. The thoracic cage remains unchanged. The cancer is still spreading.
This review of trials found that the right hemidiaphragm (the base of the lung) is growing and expanding, with a plate-like atelectasis (a swelling of the atephragm) in the right base. There is an increase in the number of centrilobulanic (patellar) nodles (dissolving) of the lungs (pneumothorax) and a trend towards a normal size of the aorta (a blood vessel) and heart. The right hemiaphragma (the middle part) is enlarging. There are no new or enlarging suspicious lung nodles. No pleurisy (pneural effusion) or pleuritis (pulothoraceus) in this group. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels are normal. Mild atherosclerotic ( calcification) calcifications of the heart and aortas are seen. No new or worsening of the disease. The aortic valve (the aortus), which is the main blood vessel, is large. The lungs are clear. The hemiadrum (the muscle around the lungs), which carries blood from the lungs, is normal. The lymph node (lymph node), which contains the blood vessels, is not growing. The bone in the aurea (lung) is not getting any larger. The thyroid gland (thyroid) is still normal. There were no new bone lesions in the thoracic spine. The thoracoskeletons (liver) and soft tissue (lumbar) are not growing or getting worse. The spine is not changing. There was no new abnormal growth of the size of bone in any more. There has been no new growth of cancer in the thyroid gland. The body's normal size is normal and the aortal artery (the main blood vessels), which are the heart, is the aute
This review of trials found that there is evidence that the lungs and airways of the lungs are in need of cleaning. There is no evidence that there are any major problems with the lungs. There are some signs of fluid in the right major fissure of the lung. There was no evidence of lung failure. There were no signs of lung problems. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. There appears to be no evidence for any major complications. The findings of this review are consistent with pneumonia.
This review of trials found that the left lower lobe of lung was affected by pleuroneal valve stenosis. The right lower lung was not affected. The left lung was also affected by a small amount of pleuronema. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There was no evidence of any abnormalities in the thyroid gland. The aorta was normal in caliber. The arteries of the heart were normal. There were no abnormal calcifications of the coronary arteries. The lungs were not affected in the same way as the heart and the vessels. The thyroid gland was unremarked. The upper abdominal wall was thickened. There is no indication of any abnormal growths of the lymph node. The lower abdomen was unblempled. The bone in the lower leg was unmarcied. The body was unscarred. The evidence is current to January 2014.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growth of lung mass or of solid lung nodule. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. No pericardial effusion. No pleural or arterial effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. No abnormal growths in the lungs or the airways are patent. No evidence of cancer of lymph nodes or thyroid gland. Moderate to large sized hiatal hernia. No cancer of the thyroid gland or thyroid glands is reported. No active cancer of thyroid gland, thyroid gland and thyroid gland are known to be present. No serious cancer of any of the lymph node or the lymph gland is known to have been found.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. There is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. The ascending aorta is ectatally (through the middle) and the ascending aortal artery (through which blood flows) is ectatic (through aortic vein). The heart and vessel size are normal. There are no major problems with the lungs. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. There was no evidence of a major lung disease. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There appeared to be no evidence that the arteries were blocked. The heart was normal in shape. The arteries were not blocked. There appears to be a common source of narrowing in the left common artery. The narrowing of the artery was not severe. The largest subsolid nodule was in the right upper lobe of the heart. The remaining nodules were in the lower lobe. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland and lymph nodes were stable and the heart and vessels were normal. The thyroid gland was stable and no new or enlarging lymph nodes or lung nodles were seen. The heart and vessel chambers were normal in size. No new or worsening of the disease were noted. The airways were patent. No pleural effusions were noted and no aggressive bone lesions were noted in the thyroid glands. Moderate coronary calcifications and aortic (aortic) calcifications were seen, but these were not aggressive. No aggressive bone damage was noted.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels of this condition are not affected. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is low relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The airways are patent. The lungs are patent and the airways appear to be clear. The aorta is normal in shape. The vessels are normal in diameter. The angina is not abnormal. The number of heart attacks is normal. The risk for infection is low. The quality of life of the patients is normal and no serious adverse events have been reported.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size and the heart and lungs are normal. The thyroid gland appears to be unaffected by thyroid disease. The lungs and airways are normal in shape. The airways and lungs have a normal amount of air and the lungs are not affected by any of the other abnormal events. The heart and vessels are normal and the aorta is not affected. The upper and lower lungs have not been affected. No abnormal events have been reported. The lower lung is not damaged. The neck is not broken. The abdomen is not fractured. The bones are not damaged and there are no abnormal events reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This review of the literature found that lung function improved in patients with acute myocardial infarct. The left upper lobe of the lung was the most affected. The right breast was the least affected. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. The lung was not affected. There was a small improvement in the left upper lung. The upper breast was not damaged. The aortic valve was not changed. The heart was not disturbed. The lungs were not affected by any aggressive bone lesions. The nose and throat were not disturbed by any new or worsening of the disease. The patient's nose and mouth were not damaged, but the left lung was affected. Mildly thickened airways were affected. Aortic and aorticular valve calcification was not seen. The bone lesions were not aggressive. The cancer was not spread to the other parts of the body. The quality of life of patients was not improved. The main limitation of this review was the small number of patients with myocardium.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. The heart and vessel chambers appear normal. The lungs and airways appear to be normal. However, the lung and airway deposits have increased in size and there is a possibility that this is due to bronchiolis. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No new or enlarging solid lung nodules have been found. Moderate coronary calcifications have been seen. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is stable. The upper chest port terminating in the SVC is reported. No abnormal bone lesions were found. The included portion of thyroid gland appears unrem remarkable. The quality of life of the patients is good.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The thyroid gland has a normal size and is not affected by cancer. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions were reported. Mild aortic valvular calcifications were found, but these were not of interest to the study. The study did not assess the effect of the aorta. The findings of this review are consistent with recent reports of cancer in the aortal arteries. The evidence is up-to- date as of January 2013.
This review of trials found that the trachea and lungs appear to be normal in size. However, the aortic valve calcifications are still present and the achilles' tendon is still calcified. No new or enlarging nodles have been seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The thyroid gland is unremarked. The heart chambers appear normal in sizes. No pericardial effusion. The aneuries of the aortal artery, aorta, achillary and aorttic valve calcinations are still intact. No calcification in the aurea or aorte has been observed, but the aural wall of the anorexis is thickening. No abnormal growths have been noted.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new or worsening of existing pulmonary nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoraco-aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulinary ducts are clear. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bones lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No abnormal bone lesions or bone fractures. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of the available evidence shows that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of narrowing of the arteries or of obstruction of the veins. There are no signs of obstruction in the lungs. The right lung is still in a worsening condition, and the right upper lobe may be the most at risk. There may be a worsening of the right pleural effusion, but this is a small problem. There was no significant evidence of obstructions in the left lung. There were no signs that the aorta or aortic arteries were blocked. The left breast was not fixed. There appears to be a small amount of fluid in the breast cavity, possibly from the prior chest tube placed. There seems to be some evidence of a small but not major problem with the left breast. There has been no evidence that the sputum sputuma (spacer spindle) has been removed. There have been no signs or symptoms of obstruction. The thyroid gland is unremarked. The aortas are normal in caliber. The pulmonary artery is enlarging, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There does not appear to be any evidence of blockage of the aureic arteries. There appear to have been some problems with the T3 spacer. There could be some bone loss. There appeared to be no evidence for obstruction of aortia or the aortal arteries.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleurons: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new lung nodules or pleural obstruction. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Mild changes in the thyroid gland. Upper Abdomen: No changes in lymph nodes. Small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of trials found that the heart and lungs are stable and the lungs are not blocked. There is a small hernia in one lung and a small hiatal hernia (hindering the breathing) in the other. There are no signs of narrowing of the airways. There was no evidence of narrowing in the lungs. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There may be a small narrowing of a vein in the right lung. There appears to be no evidence that the lungs have any obstruction. There seems to be little or no difference between the heart, lungs and vessels. There has been no evidence to suggest that the thyroid gland is affected. There have been no reports of any serious complications.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the lungs and airways are not affected. The thyroid gland appears to be stable and the heart appears to have a normal course. No new or worsening of thyroid disease is noted. No abnormal growths or enlargement of the thyroid glands are noted. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion is noted and no pericordial effusions are noted, but the heart is not large. No calcified calcifications are noted in the aortic artery. No aggressive bone growths are noted and there is no evidence of thyroid cancer.
This review of trials found that the following organs were normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleurons: No evidence of lung disease. No evidence that the right lung is inflamed. No signs of pericardial effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Dilatations of the mitral annulus. Upper Abdomen: Post surgical changes of the stomach. Post surgical change of the gut. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The thyroid gland has a normal size and is unaffected by thyroid cancer. The heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of thyroid cancer in the lungs. The lungs are still solid and the bronchial wall is still thickening. There are no signs of cancer in either the lungs or the pleura. The great arteries of the heart are normal in caliber. The kidneys are normal. The liver is normal. No aggressive bone lesions. The stomach is normal and the bowel is normal, but the liver is not normal. There was no evidence that the liver had any cancerous growth. The eyes are normal and no evidence was found of cancerous spread of the eyes. The nose is normal but there is no clear evidence of cancer. There were no signs that the lungs were affected. The neck is normal except for a small hernia. The chest wall is normal with no evidence for cancer growth. There may be some evidence of a new type of cancer growing in the upper lobes. The blood vessels are normal, and the great arteries are normal size.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size and healthy. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was reported. Improved postoperative changes in the left axilla with less scarring of soft tissue. No changes in lung and airway function. No aggressive bone growth. No abnormal growth of lymph nodes. No evidence of thyroid disease. No adverse effects of thyroid surgery.
The review of trials found that the following parts of the body were normal: Lungs/Pleura: New small right pleurysm (pneumural) effusion. No new or enlarging lung nodles. No evidence of new or worsening of existing lung disease. The airways are patent. Again noted right tracheal bronchus. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval decreased size of previously prominent lymph node, for example 5 mm sub aortic (4/180) lymph node (4 of 180), previously measured 8. 5 mm. No significant changes in size of thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Stable trace pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aorta) in the chest. The blood pool is low relative with myocardium. The anemia of the blood pool may be due to low blood flow to the heart. No serious bone lesions were found.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size and volume. There is a small but persistent thyroid nodule in both the left and right upper lobe, which has been there for several prior tests. This is a concern as it is thought to be a remnant of the thyroid cancer. There are no other symptoms of the disease. The thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of lung cancer in the left lower lobe. There was a 5 mm nodule on the left upper lobe that was stable over multiple prior tests, but this is thought not be stable. There were no other problems. Lung and airways: There was no evidence that there was any evidence of any lung cancer. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal and the vessels are large. There may be some evidence of a slight enlargement of the inter atrial septum. There appears to be no obstruction of the arteries. There seems to be little or no evidence for the presence of cancer in these vessels. The great arteries are large and of high size. The kidneys are normal in caliber. The bladder and bowel: No aggressive bone lesions. The stomach and lower bowel: There are some signs of bone lesions but no aggressive bone damage. The upper abdominal wall is unblemish. The lower abdominal wall and the lower abdomen are unblemished. The right paratracheal lymph node is slightly larger than the left. There has been no evidence to support the use of aortic valvulcal (valvulanic) calcification.
This review of trials found that lung function was similar to prior to the initial screening. However, the lung function of the patient was reduced by the use of a catheters. The patient's lung function did not change. The right lung was normal in size. The left lung had a small decrease in the amount of fluid in the left lung. The thyroid gland was normal. The aorta was normal and the aortic valve was normal, but the aurea was not large enough to be of benefit. The cancer spread to the thyroid gland and the thyroid glands. The breast was normal but the breast tissue was thickening. The bone was normal to normal. There were no new or enlarging lymph nodes. There was no evidence of cancer spread in the breast. The surgeon did not detect any new or worsening of cancer in the thyroid. The quality of the evidence was similar. The review found that the patient's heart and vessels were normal in the same way as before. The only difference was that the aural drainage was reduced in the right lung. There is no evidence that the cancer spread spread to other parts of the body. The risk of bone fractures was similar between patients.
This review of trials found that the following organs were normal. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bony wall thickening. No new and enlarging lung nodules or pleural obstruction. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic ( calcifications) calcifications of the heart and aortas. Upper Abdomen: The visualized portion (of the abdomen) of the organs are unimpolite. No changes in bone structure or function. No aggressive bone lesions. Rutural age-related changes in the thorcis vertebra (neck) spine.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and the arteries and veins are not too large. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs or of a block in the airways. There are no signs of obstruction in the lungs. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected by cancer. The liver is too small to be sure of its function. There were no signs that the liver was damaged. The gallbladder was too small for analysis. There may be some evidence of scarring in the right lower lobe of the liver. There appears to be no evidence for obstruction of lung function. The heart is not too big to be affected by obstruction. There seems to be little evidence of blockage of the arteries. There appear to be few abnormal deposits in the aortic arteries. The great arteries are normal in magnitude. The major arteries are not large enough to be of concern. The kidneys are normal. The stomach is normal. There seem to be some abnormal pockets of blood in the gallbladders. There does not appear to have any evidence of abnormal deposits. The right-sided rib fractures healed.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid is not affected. However, there is some evidence that it is scarred, and that this scarring may be due to granulomatous (pre-cancer) disease. The thyroid gland has a number of different types of lesions. The review found that there is no new growth of new or enlarging nodles, but there is a small amount that is scarring. There is no clear evidence that there are new or worsening of the disease.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is still growing and the right lung is still enlarging. However, the right breast is still getting used to the procedure. The thyroid gland has not been affected by the resecting of the right lobe. The right breast has a similar thickness to the left breast. The left breast is getting smaller and the thyroid is still the same. The esophagus is patulous and contains intraluminal (under-the-skin) debris. The heart and vessels are still normal. The aorta is still normal and the aortic valve is still working. The cancer is still spreading in both the heart and the vessels. The lung is growing again. The breast is growing and getting smaller. The stomach is still flat and the left adrenal gland is the same as the right adrenal glands. The other parts are still the way they were before the procedure, but the thyroid has not grown much. The angina is still there and the heart is still beating. The lungs are still expanding. The airways are still clear and the lungs are not affected. The throat is still clear. The chest is still open. The oesophagus remains intact. The liver is still intact. No evidence of cancer in the thyroid or the thyroid glands. No aggressive cancer cells have been found. No cancer cells in the oesosophagus have been identified. No abnormal growths have been detected. Moderate coronary arteries have been seen. No new cancer cells were found.
This review of the literature found that the visualized thyroid is unremarked. The visualized lung is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of interstitial lung disease. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications ( calcifications of the arteries). The great blood vessels are of good size. The left breast is normal. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No changes in the left breast tissue were seen during surgery. The thyroid gland is unrem remarkable. The pulmonary artery is normal and the heart is not abnormal. The lungs are normal and there is no obstruction of the airway. The lymph nodes are normal. The upper and lower limbs are normal, but the thyroid gland and the thyroid are unremarkable.
This review of trials found that the following are the results of the review: - Lungs/Pleura: - Severe lung disease, bronchial wall thickens, bronchiectasis, and mucoid (bronchial) impaction. - Normal heart and vessels: - No pericardial (a vessel in the lungs) effusion. - No pleurigny (pneumothorax). - No aggressive bone lesions. - Insufficient evidence to determine the effects of the aortic valve. - The aorta is normal size. - Pulmonary artery is normal. - Aortic vein deposits are not seen. - There is no evidence of a new complication. - Thyroid: - Normal thyroid size. No new complications. - Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules. - Mediastsinaum/lymph nodes: Calcifications in the right hilar and subcarinal distributions. - Calcification of the right hysteric and left hysteric nodes. - Segmentation of the coronary arteries and aortas. - calcification of coronary arteries. - Commonly occurring calcifications of the heart and vessel. - Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of the available evidence shows that the thyroid gland remains stable, and that the heart and blood vessels are still large and well-maintained. The thyroid gland is not growing larger than the rest. The heart and vessels are not growing any larger. The liver is still large enough to support a normal blood flow. The kidneys are still too small to be of benefit. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. No changes in the thoracic spine have been observed.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways disease were not uncommon. However, the number of patients with this disease was very low. The review also found that there were problems with the structure of the lungs, the airways, the heart, the aortic valve, the blood vessels, the arteries, the soft tissues and the bone structure. The main problem was that the lung was too large. The results of the review show that the lungs are still not large and the air is still leaking. The lungs are not breathing well. The aorta is normal in size. The heart is normal. The arteries and the blood vessel structure are normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The left chest wall cardiac event monitor is still in use.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels of patients with acute pleural or pericardial angina are not affected. However, there is some concern that the lungs may be affected. There is no evidence that the pleura or lungs are affected. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary artery is normal. The ascending aorta is aneurysmal to 4.6 cm in size and there are mild aortic valvulocapular (valvulanic) calcification. The visualized thyroid gland is not affected, and there is no abnormal growth. The right-side chest port of the heart is in the upper left lung. The left-side of the chest port ends in the cavatric vein. The aortas of the lungs are not damaged. The pericards of the lung and the aortes are not changed. The thyroid gland is unremarked. The oesophageal (liver) gland is normal, and the oedema (lymph) is not changed, but there is a new 5 mm right fissure (fissure) in the left fuscus (lung). The oedumas are not abnormal. There are no changes in the thoracic spine. The upper abdomen is not damaged, but the left rib fracture is not well described. The lower rib fracture was not well reported. The patient's oesosophageum is not abnormal, and no changes are seen. The bone in the oesoedum is unblemish.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The thyroid gland has no abnormal growths. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no evidence of abnormal growth of blood vessels. The great arteries are normal. The lungs are normal and the airways are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The tumour is not large enough or large enough to justify further treatment.
This review of trials found that the size of the lung nodules and the number of lymph nodes was unchanged in the prior study. The number of patients with pleuromuscular disease was also the same. No new or enlarging lung nodule were found. No pleural or airway effusion was observed. The size of heart and vessels was normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The quality of the evidence was low to very low.
This review of existing studies found that the size of the thyroid nodule in the right middle lobe (the 'tracheobronchial' tree) was reduced by a few millimetres in the two years since the last examination. This was reported separately. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. No pericardial effusion was reported. The thyroid nodulothorax was not seen in the left middle lobe. The left upper lobe of the neck was not affected by cancer. The right middle and lower limbs were not affected. The heart and vessels were normal. The aorta (aortic valve) was normal. No major complications were reported. No evidence of cancer of the lungs or airways was found. The cancer of both the lungs and the airways appeared to be stable. No cancer of either lung or the airway was found in the thyroid. The bone scan of the left breast was not sufficiently precise to detect any cancerous growths. The evidence of the cancer of thyroid was not sufficient to determine whether cancer of any other parts of the body was present.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal and the heart and lungs are not affected. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. The heart and vessels appear normal. No abnormal swelling of the heart or lungs is reported. No pericardial effusion is reported, but the aorta is not affected and the aureus (vessel) is not swollen. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The right lower lobe of the thyroid glands is unremarked. The left lower lobe has a thin band of atelectasis/scarring. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy including internal mammary (m mammary and axillus) groups. The presence of a small but not large mass in the left breast is not noted. No changes in the number of mastectomies and flap reconstructions are noted, but no changes in breast size are noted in the breast.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidation of the lung. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aorta were found. No abnormal bone growths were found in the aortas. No new or enlarged thyroid deposits were found with thyroid ultrasound. No changes in the body's normal bone structure were found by the same tests. No serious adverse events were found, but the number of deaths was too small to be sure.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the lungs and airways are not scarred. However, the thyroid is not normal in size. The thyroid gland has a small but stable thyroid nodule in the right lobe of the thyroid. This is thought to represent a focus of scarring. The neck is not scarmed. The upper abdomen is not affected. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No periarticular or pleural effusion has been found in the neck. No changes in the thoracic spine have been reported. The heart is normal in shape. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. The central airways have not been affected. The thoracopharyngolarynum is not damaged. No abnormal bone lesions were found. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate.
This review of the literature found no evidence of lung or lung disease. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening, probably related to airways, is a sign of bronchiolis. No pleural obstruction or pleuritis. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones. Left breast 10 mm lesion, enlarged since prior exams.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size and there was no new or enlarging of the lung. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. There was no evidence of thyroid cancer. There were no new thyroid lesions. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland has been affected by cancer. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in shape. There are no new abnormal calcifications of the coronary arteries. There may be mild calcifications in the aortic arteries. The vessels are normal in caliber. There appears to be no new cancer growth in the thyroid glands. There seems to be little or no difference between the thyroid, heart and vessel. There appear to be few new thyroid abnormalities. There does not appear to have been any new thyroid cancer growth. There has been a small increase in the number of thyroid lesions in the anterior upper lobes. There have been no new cancers in the lower lobes of the neck. There appeared to be a small decrease in the numbers of thyroid cells in the neck and the neck wall. There did not appear any new cancer cells. There seemed to be some mild thyroid abnormalities in the chest wall.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. The lungs and airways were not affected by any of these problems. However, the thyroid gland was larger than usual and the thyroid tissue was larger in the thyroid glands. The thyroid gland had to be re-exhaled and the aortic valve was not blocked. The heart and arteries were not damaged. No new lung nodules were identified. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion was observed. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs was reported. No evidence of cancer was found.
This review of the literature found that the following organs were normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Complete loss in the right lower lobe with near complete loss in both the right middle lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways were clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size and no aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. The remaining visualized organs are unblemish. No aggressive bone damage. Routine age- related changes in the thorax are seen.
This review of trials found that there are no new pulmonary nodules or pleurons. The number of patients with these nodules remains the same. However, some of these nodule sizes are slightly increased. The size of the nodules is normal. The amount of blood flowing in the lungs is normal and the number of people with a normal heart and vessels is the same, as well. The thyroid gland is normal size and no new thyroid nodule has been found. The liver and vessels are normal. No new thyroid deposits have been found and no more than usual bone lesions have been seen. The remaining visualized organs are unremarked. No major problems with the lungs or airways have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Routine age-related changes in the thoracic spine are seen.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is still functioning normally. However, the thyroid is still covered by a thickening of tissue, which is thought to be due to the presence of tree in-bud (bronchial tree), which is a type of tree that grows in the middle of the lung. This thickens the airway wall, which may be due in part, in part to the growths of the tree. The thyroid gland has not been affected. No new or enlarged nodles or dense densities were found. No evidence of cancer of the lymph node or lymph node wall. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lymph and soft tissues. The heart appears normal in size. No percardial (under the heart) effusion or pneumothorax (pneumothorx) was found. The aorta (aortic artery) is still growing. No abnormal growths were found, but the aortic and aorticular apparatus (valvuloma), which are part of the heart, are calcified. No cancer cells were found to be in the aorts. No serious adverse events were found with this treatment.
This review of the literature found that the lungs and airways of the patient were not stable. There was a small but persistent change in the shape of the lung and the lungs were not free of fluid. The patient's blood pool was low in attenuation, consistent with anemic anema. There is a small hernia in the lower esophagus. There are no signs of a hernia or pericardial effusion. The heart appears normal in size. There were no signs that the aorta was affected. There appears to be a small, but persistent hernia of the aortal arteries. There may be a herniation of the right kidney. There seems to be no evidence of a major problem with the kidney. The spine is straight and straight. There appear to be some abnormalities of the spine. There appeared to be little or no difference between the spine and the other parts of the body. There seemed to be an increase in the number of lymph nodes in the upper abdomen. There seem to be few signs of an irregularity in the kidney and the left kidney.
This review of trials found that there is a moderate risk for chest and lung emphyses in people with a large chest. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. There are no aggressive oesseous lesions. The heart size is normal. There was no evidence for pericardial effusion or pericordial effusions. There were no aggressive or non-aggressive oesophageal lesions. The spleen is diffuse and the spleen may be hyper-oxidized, suggestive of an iron deposition. There may be a small but not aggressive oedipus muscle lesion.
This review of trials found that the heart size is normal. The chest is not large enough to show evidence of cancer growth. The lungs are not large, but there is evidence of lung cancer growth in the lower lobe of the chest. The upper lobe of both lungs is not big, but the bronchiectasis (bronchiectis) is noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy. The central airways are patent. There are no signs of lymph nodes or lymphadenia. There was no evidence that the pericardial effusion was caused by cancer growth or that the oesophageal lymph nodes were affected. There were no signs that the bone and soft tissue were affected, but no aggressive lesion was found.
This review of trials found that the right lung is expanding in size and that the left lung is also enlarging. The right lung appears to be expanding in the presence of a large, dense, and dense lymph node. The left lung appears smaller and the right lungs are also larger. The heart appears to expand in size. The aortic artery and aorta are seen. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. There is a moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent compressive atelectasis (a change in the amount of air in the lungs) and pleuritus (a narrowing of the pleural cavity). The central airways are patent. There are no pneumothoraxes (breathing problems). There are granulomas (small, dense granuloma) noted within the right middle lobe. There was no aggressive oesophageal lesions. There were no aggressive osseous lesions. The oesseous structures and soft tissue stranding and small skin thickening are noted in the right axilla, a subpectoral lymph node is also seen. A right os acromiale (a scarring of the oesus) is noted. A VP shunt catheter is partially visualized traversing the left chest wall. There appears to have been no aggressive lesions.
This review of trials found that the left chest tubes have not been removed. There is continued interval decrease in size in attenuation of left pleuryspiration (elevation) in the left pleural space, consistent with the expected progression. There are no signs of pneumothorax. There was no aggressive osseus lesion. The heart is still large. There were no major complications. The stent graft extends from the proximal descending thoracic (aortic) aorta to the abdomen, with the abdomen part only being seen. There may be a calcified granulomatous granuloma (a mass in the right upper lobe) in this graft. There has been no change to the heart size. There remains a lack of blood in the blood pool. There seems to be no change in the amount of blood pumped through the chest. There appears to be a lack in the number of people with a heart attack. There have been no major problems with the heart.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways are patent. There are stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm, and a right apical nodule on the left lung. There is a small hiatal hernia. There was no evidence of adenopathy. There were no pericardial effusion. There may be some calcified granulomas in the upper abdomen. There appears to be no evidence that there is any evidence of lymph node or lymph node enlarging. The heart and vessels appear to be normal. There has been no evidence for any adenopathies. There have been no reports of any heart attack. There seems to be little evidence of any evidence that the heart or vessels have been affected. There appear to have been some calcification of the heart. There could be some evidence that some of the soft tissue around the heart is affected. The right lung is still intact. There remains a small left lung nodule. There appeared to be a small right pleural effusion, but this is not stable. There seemed to be some inflammation of the lymph node. There might be some damage to the lymph nodes. There seem not to be any evidence for adenopathic lung disease. There does not seem to be evidence of a need for further trials.
This review of the literature found that the left upper lobe wedge resection was successful. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal. The left upper lung is patent. The right upper lobe is patent and the thyroid gland has no abnormal growth. The breast is patent, the thyroid glands are unremarkable, and the breast is normal size. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The upper abdominal wall is normal and the left lateral chest wall is patent with only minor changes noted.
This review of trials found that the lungs are clear. The heart size is normal. There is no evidence of any abnormal swelling of lymph nodes or of lymphadenopathy. There are small pleural effusions, right greater than left, with dependent atelectasis of the left lower lobe. There was no evidence that the left lung was clogged. There were no aggressive oesophageal or pericardial effusions. There appeared to be no evidence for oeso-osseus lesions. There may be some fluid in the right pleurysm. There appears to be little or no evidence to suggest that the right lung is clogged, but there is a small, but not large, fluid in that pleuris. There seems to be a lack of evidence for the presence of oesosseous lesions.
This review of trials found that the size of the nodules in the upper and lower lungs has slightly decreased. No new nodules have been found. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening has been observed. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been observed, and no new nodule has been found, but the size and shape of the existing nodule have slightly decreased, for example, 5 mm right lower lobe (4, 263 x 263 mm) previously measured 7 mm and a 5 mm left upper lobe (5, 201 x 201 mm) had previously measured 5 mm. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema have been identified. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: A 1.2 cm left supraclavicular lymph node has decreased in size, previously measuring 1.5 cm. Mediation of the lymph nodes has also decreased, with 8 mm prevascular mediastinal lymph node previously measured 1.0 cm and a 1.1 cm right hilar lymph node (1.4 cm) previously measuring 2.4cm. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Similar T12 vertebral body superior endplate deformity. Similar bone lesions in the T12. Older T12 rib fracture.
This review of trials found that the presence of lymphadenopathy in the paratracheal lymph nodes is not stable. There is no evidence of an increase in the risk of pleuritus.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a lung cancer in this group. Several tiny lung nodules are stable, but no aggressive lung cancer is seen.
This review of the available evidence shows that the presence of a single, small, but still present, lymph node in the left lung is unchanged. There is no new or enlarging of the lung. There are no new and enlarging pulmonary nodule. There was no new evidence of a new or worsening of the disease. There were no new signs of a narrowing of the left atrial septum. There may be a slight narrowing of a vein in the right atrial wall. There has been a slight enlargement of the heart and vessels. There have been no new reports of a change in the spine. There appears to be no new bone lesions. There seems to be a similar number of patients with the same disease. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There appear to be similar numbers with the disease in the heart, vessels, and abdomen. There appeared to be the same number of people with the diseased thyroid and the same numbers without the disease. There seemed to be little or no difference in the risk of the diseases. There did not appear to have been any new signs. There seem to be some mild abnormalities in the blood vessels. The heart and arteries are normal in caliber. There does not appear any new or worse disease.
This review of trials found that there are multiple calcified lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or lymph node effusion was seen. Moderate upper lobe (head of lung) emphytea (worsenage) is present. No evidence of aggressive lymph node growth or lymph nodes growth is seen.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. The lung was not affected by any of the following: - No evidence of lung disease. - No signs of lung obstruction. - Lungs were not affected. - There was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. - The thyroid gland was normal. - Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in sizes. There is no evidence that the vessels are abnormal. - Hepatic steatosis: Hepatic stents are in place. - Renal cyst at the upper pole of the right kidney. - Thyroid gland was not abnormal. No evidence that there was any evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland. - Bone lesions were not aggressive. - None of the other tissues were affected. The thyroid glands were normal.
This review of trials found that the left breast of the breast cancer was not growing back. The breast cancer spread to the lungs and airways and the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland was not affected. The right breast was damaged and the left rib fractures were healed. The left breast had a partial left mastectomy. The cancer spread from the breast to the thyroid glands and the lungs. The heart and vessels were normal. The liver was calcified. The lymph nodes were normal and the right breast had no new or enlarging lymph nodes. The lung was not enlarged. The aorta was normal. No new or worsening of the disease was noted. The disease was not thought to be of a serious nature. The bone fractures were still evident. Mild sclerosis was noted compatible with healing.
This review of trials found that there is a possibility that the right lung may be infected, but no clear signs of cancer have been found.
This review of clinical trials found that there is no evidence that thyroid nodule is present. There is a small but nonspecific nodule in the right upper lobe of the right lung. This may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology. There are no signs of lymphadial infusions. There was no evidence of lymph nodes swelling. There were no aggressive lymph nodes.
This review of the literature found that the size of the lung nodules is the same as in the chest. There is no new lung nodule. There are similar subpleural opacities at the anterior aspect of the right arm. There was no new pulmonary nodule in either the left or the right lung. There were no new pericardial effusions. There may be some small differences in the size and shape of the upper and lower limbs. There appears to be no new lymphadenopathies. The heart size is normal. There seems to be little or no difference in the number of bones and soft tissue.
This review of the literature found that lung and airways were normal in size. No evidence of obstruction of the lung or of the airways was found. The thyroid gland was not affected. The aorta was not damaged. The heart and vessels were normal. No pericardial effusion was noted. The neck and chest wall were not affected, but there was a small hernia in the neck. The upper abdominal cavity was not disturbed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No abnormal bone growth was noted in the lower abdominal cavity. The findings of this review are consistent with the findings of other reviews of lung and heart disease.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is still active and the heart is enlarging. However, the thyroid is not thought to be affected. The thyroid is still growing and the thyroid may be enlarged. The heart is enlarged. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy. The review also found that there are a number of old fractures in the neck, spine and rib cage.
This review of trials found that the right lung is still expanding and that the disease is not getting worse. However, it appears to have been reduced in size and is no worse. There is a decreased in the amount of fluid in the right pleural mass. There are also fewer episodes of atelectasis (when the airway is blocked) and the amount and size (of the disease) of the lymph nodes (where the lymph flows out) is also decreased.
This review of the literature found that the right upper lobe is stable and the left upper lobe has a small but stable lymph node. The liver is fatty. Mild emphysema is noted. There is no aggressive osseous lesion.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels of patients with CIDP are normal in size. There is no evidence of any abnormal growth of blood vessels or of any other abnormal growth. There are no signs of lung disease or of obstruction of the airways. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. There were no signs that the breast was affected, but there was no breast augmentation. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in sizes. There may be some calcification of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal. The breast is normal. No aggressive bone lesions. No breast augments were seen.
This review of trials found that the size of the thyroid nodules and the thyroid gland is normal. However, thyroid nodule size is increased in the left lung. The thyroid gland has a different shape and volume. The left lung is still too small to be of benefit. The heart and vessels are normal size. No evidence of adenopathy (adenopathy is a condition in which the heart and blood vessels are too large to be healthy) is found. The right lung is normal size and the right lung has a normal volume. No signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax (pneumothoracic swelling). The thyroid glands are normal. The liver is normal and the kidneys are normal and no signs of adnathy. The stomach is normal, but the stomach is not large. The lower abdomen is normal but the diaphragm (a muscle in the lower back) is large. There is no evidence of cancer of the stomach. The cancer spread to the other parts of the body. The tumour is not spreading to the lungs. The lymph nodes are normal, and the heart is normal in size. The aorta (the main artery) is normal with no signs or symptoms of adanathy. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications (clays) of the heart, the aortas, and aortic veins are normal in the aortal arteries. The blood flow to the brain is clear. The body's tissues are not affected.
This review of the literature found that the following lung and heart and vessel nodule patterns were stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule forms were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal blood vessels are normal size and normal. No pericardial effusion. No lymph nodes are seen. No thoracics are seen and no lymph nodes have been found to be affected. No abnormal lymph nodes were found in the thyroid. No cancer of the thyroid or thyroid gland was found. The thyroid gland is normal. The right upper lobe of the right lung is still intact. The left upper lobe is still in the middle of the chest and the right lower lobe is in the lower abdomen. No abnormalities were found with this group of patients. The findings of this review are based on a single study. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high. The main limitations of the review are that the number of patients included in the studies was small and the quality of evidence was not high.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels appear normal and that the lung and airways are still intact. The aorta and aortic arteries appear to be normal. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. The right upper lobe of the aortus is stable and the left upper lobe is stable. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No pericardial effusion has been noted. The left upper lung is stable, and the right upper lung has a stable upper lobe. The heart and vessel chambers appear normal. Mild coronary artery and the aortal artery calcifications have not been found to be abnormal. No evidence of adenopathia of the lymph node or of the thoracic adenopathy.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The following organs were normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or worsening of lung disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size and no new abnormal growths. Upper abdominal organs: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative change in the thoracic spine. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracentric aortal aorta. Normal thyroid. Pulinary vessels: No abnormal growth. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive growths or enlargement of the thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No bone lesions or aggressive growth.
This review of trials found that the following changes in the body's structure, function, and function were not seen in the prior studies. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mild changes in thyroid gland growth and the thyroid gland itself. No new adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries (a blood clot in the heart) and aortas (a vein in the chest) and the aortic valve (a tube in the a lung) are normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive disease of the bone or soft tissue. Routine age-related changes in bone and soft tissue in the thorcis vertebra (thorax). Musculature (muscle) in the left back, a benign finding.
This review of the literature found that the heart and lungs are normal in size. The lungs are patent. The heart and vessels are normal. The aorta is normal. No pericardial effusions. The thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid gland has a normal thyroid glandularity. The stomach is normal, but the stomach is not large. The abdomen is normal but the abdomen is not big enough to support the stomach. The breast and thyroid glands are normal and no aggressive thyroid lesions have appeared. The chest is flat and the aortas are normal, and the heart is normal in shape. The angina is not aggressive. The cancer is not spreading to the lungs. The tumour in the breast is still growing and the cancer is still spreading. The other cancer types are not affected. The main complications of this cancer are heart and lung cancer, thyroid gland cancer, and thyroid gland disease.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new or worsening of existing nodules, and no new consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal heart and vessels. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine throughout the thorcis vertebra are noted.
This review of trials found that the size of the lung nodules decreased with age. The largest and most prominent nodule was in the right thyroid lobe, but the rest of the nodule size was stable. No new or enlarging lung nodule were found. The airways were not affected. No pleural effusions were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower abdomen. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The aorta and the aortic valve appear normal. No abnormal blood flow to this area was reported separately. No adverse effects were reported in the upper abdomen.
This review of trials found that the following changes in the lungs and airways of the thoracic spine are not uncommon. The following changes are seen in the thyroid gland: normal size. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal size of the heart. Normal blood flow through the lungs. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal body structure and function. Normal heart and vessels. No pericardial effusion. No abnormal bone lesions or bone lesions in the lower abdomen. No noncalcified adverse events. No serious adverse events were reported.
This review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The lungs and airways appear to be unperturbed. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear to have normal blood flow and are not affected by any abnormal blood flow. The aorta is normal in shape and the diaphragm is well defined. No abnormal blood vessels or lung nodules are noted. No aggressive bone lesions are noted in the heart or vessels. The findings below the diphrasm are better delineate on 9/9/2021 CT scan.
The review authors identified five new or enlarging lung nodules. The remaining three nodules were stable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No new or worsening of the aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs or airways. The aorta appears to be normal.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or worsening of the disease. Normal thyroid. Normal heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal bone lesions in the soft tissues. No aggressive disease of the bone. Routine age-related changes in the thoracic spine.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway abnormalities were not uncommon. However, the size of the lung and the airways were not the same. The aorta was not the normal size. The pericardial effusion was not seen. The right upper lobe of the brain was larger than the left upper lobe. The left upper limb was smaller than the right lower lobe. No pericardsial effusions were noted. The hernia was not reported. The esophagus wall was thickening with patulous portions of the esophagi (e.g. the esphagus) noted which may be related to esophagitis or GERD. No aggressive bone lesions were noted in the lower abdomen. No abnormal bone lesions in the upper abdomen were noted, but the aortic calcifications were not seen in the aardrum. The heart was not large or large. The blood vessels were normal in size. No calcifications in the heart were noted and no aggressive bone lesions. The cancer was not found in the lungs or the airway.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung cancer. No new or worsening of existing cancer in the lung or in the chest. No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy. No changes in the size of the breast or the breast tissue. No surgical changes of the left breast. No breast implants. No pericardium effusion. No abnormal growth of lymph nodes. No change in the heart or vessels. No evidence of abnormal growth in the aorta. The heart and vessels appear normal in size.
This review of trials found that lung function was compromised and fluid in the lungs, airways, and blood vessels were affected. The heart was normal in size. The findings suggest that this is likely due to the presence of fluid overload in the blood. The results also suggest that the heart may be affected by the presence and presence of aortic valve calcifications. The review found that the aorta was not calcified. The aortas were not calcured. The stomach was not affected. There were no aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways were stable and that the aortic valve was not inflamed. The heart and vessels were not affected. The kidneys were not damaged. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The aorta was not affected and the kidneys were normal. The blood vessels were normal and the heart and arteries were normal, but the aorts were not large enough to be of benefit. The kidney and heart were normal but the kidneys had a low white blood cell counts. The liver and vessels had normal blood pressure. The lungs were not blocked. The airways did not leak. The arteries were not inflated. The body's tissues were normal to normal. No aggressive bone lesions were noted.
This review of trials found that the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine was still growing and that the right upper lobe was still getting smaller. The left lower lobe of this lobe was growing at a rate of 1.3 cm per year. The right lower lobe was getting larger. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland was normal size and normal thyroid gland mass. The aorta was normal. The coronary arteries were normal. No calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were found in the aortes. The pulmonary artery was normal in the left aorte. The thoracopharyngolarynus (a large vein) was not found to be affected. The abdominal wall of the diaphragm (the diaphrassum), which is the main airway, was clear. The abdomen was clear and the right chest port with catheters (a cathets) was clear, as was the left chest. The post-surgery growth of lung nodule was not seen. No adverse effects were noted. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the heart appears to be the same size. The thyroid gland has a small but stable mass. The heart appears normal in size. No pericards or vessels have been affected. The lung is normal in shape and the airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been reported. Moderate coronary calcifications have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The findings of this review are based on a small number of trials.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and the lungs are not clogged. The lungs are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aorta is normal size and there are no signs of narrowing. The heart is not clamped. The arteries are normal in shape. The coronary arteries are not narrowed. The kidneys are normal size. The liver is normal. The stomach is normal and the kidneys do not have any abnormal growths. The abdomen is normal, but the bone growths around the abdomen are not large enough to be of interest. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The spine is intact. The spinal fixation hardware was partially visualized.
This review of trials found that the lungs and airways appear to be normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions were reported. No aggressive bone lesions. No abnormal thyroid nodularities were found by size criteria. No adverse effects were reported in the upper abdominal area.
This review of trials found that the shape of the lung has not changed since the original design. The shape of both the lower lobe and subpleural lobe have not been changed. The heart appears normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No significant air trapping on expiratory series. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No serious complications have been noted.
This review of the available evidence shows that the right lung has not yet been fully healed from the radiologic resection. The right lung is still in a state of thickening and may be scarred. The left lung is not fully healed. The stomach wall of the esophagus is still intact, but the right side of the wall has narrowed. The pockets of air adjacent to the right laryngoscopical wall have not yet healed. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. The heart is still large, but not large. The aortic and coronary artery wall calcifications are still present. The cancer of the aorta (the main artery) is still there, but is not large or prominent. The remaining cancer of both the aorts (the heart, the lungs, and the vessels) is not clearly defined. The tumour of the gut (gastric mucus) is intact. The gut wall of esophageal cancer (gut) is thin. The chest wall of this wall is still thin. No evidence of cancer of any of the other parts (e.g. the lungs or the airways) has been noted, but there is a small amount of fluid and debris in the stomach. The lung is normal in size. The lungs are still thickened and the chest wall is not completely healed. There is a slight decrease in the size of the right hilar node (a large lymph node) in the right upper lobe. The circulation of blood is normal. The PICC needle is still attached to the stomach and the tip of the PICc needle remains in the SVC. The surgeon is continuing to monitor the PIVC.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels of this condition are stable. The heart appears normal in size. The aorta is normal in shape. The lungs are stable and the airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been seen. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The abdomen is stable. No abnormal bone lesions were found.
This review of the literature found that lung disease is similar in people with a prior lung biopsies. The most recent prior exam was from 7/22/2020. The findings of this review are similar to the most recent previous review of lung disease. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged, but the size of the enlargement is not large. The central airways are not large or have a large volume. No new or enlarging lung nodles are seen. No consolidation or pleurysing of the lung. No honeycombing is observed. Mild diffuse esophagea wall thickness can be seen, especially in the case of gastro-oesphageal reflux. Portions (e.g. the stomach wall) of the esophagus are patulous. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild heart and blood vessel calcifications are not seen. Surgical clips in the left neck are likely related to prior parathyroid surgery. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the right neck. No pericardial effusion. No abnormal bone lesions have been reported.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways nodules have not been seen since the radiologic studies were published. No new or enlarging of these nodules were seen. No pleural effusions were seen, but the airways are still not patent. No changes in the number of lymph nodes were seen and the heart and vessels were normal. The hernias and esphagines were stable. The heart and vessel chambers were normal in size. The aorta was normal in shape. The thoracic adenopathies (adenopathie), the lymphnias (lymphnias), the hernia, the herniations, the breast and the soft tissue around the breast, were all stable.
This review of trials found that the tracheobronchial tree is stable and the aortic valve is still intact. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed.
This review of trials found that the right lung was worse and the left was better than the right. The right lung had a decreased fluid component of the right apical hemopneumatic (pneural) flow (pneumothorax). The left was worse than the left. The left had a lower volume of fluid in the right lungs (called a pleural effusion). The right was better and the right was worse. The heart was normal in size. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules within the aerated parts of the lungs were found. No new pneumonic consolidation was found. The airways were patent. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the upper abdomen. No pericardial effusion. No abnormal bone lesions or abnormal blood vessels were found during the trials. The review found that there was no evidence of any serious adverse events.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or worsening of the disease. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal course and size of the aorta. Normal heart and vessels. No pericordial effusion. No consolidations. No abnormal growth of lymph nodes. No cancer of the thyroid gland. No thyroid adenopathy. No changes in the anterior chest wall with no residual soft tissue. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries (a type of block in the heart) and aortas (a narrowing of the blood vessels) are rare. No major complications were reported. The review found no evidence of cancer of lymph node, but there were some granulomas in spleenoid tissue in the spleen. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence that the disease affects the lungs, airways, or heart. However, there are some indications that the lungs may be inflamed. There is some evidence that there are a few small but persistent tree-in-bud-type nodulars (bore) lesions in the right lung. These may be due to the fact that the lung is too large for the disease. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules. There may be a small but stable cyst in the left lower lobe of the left lung. There was no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease, but the left side of the lung was found to be inflated. There were no new lymph node or thymic remnant nodules in the thyroid. There appears to be no new abnormal growths in the aorta. The heart and vessels are not affected. There seems to be little or no difference between the heart and the aorts. The aortic vessels appear normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mild coronary and aorticular calcifications are noted. No aggressive bone lesions are noted, but there is a small number of bone lesions in both the heart chambers and the soft tissues.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is enlarged, but the thyroid is not affected by thyroid cancer. The thyroid gland appears normal in size. The heart appears normal. The lungs are thin and the lungs are not affected. However, the lungs may be affected by thickened mucous and may be covered by a thin layer of mucous. The aortic valve is not damaged. The kidneys are not damaged, but there is a cyst in the right kidney. The spine is not straight. The arteries and vessels of the heart are not disturbed. The kidney is slightly enlarged. The liver is not disturbed, but it is not large. The lung is not thin. The airway is not blocked. The pleural cavity is not widened. The right lung is still intact. The left lung is thin. There is no evidence of a difference in the number of patients with a hernia. The hernia is not deep enough to be a problem. The eyes are not swollen. The nose is not swollen, but is not clear. The mouth is not completely sealed. The chest is not filled with fluid. The blood vessels are not blocked, but are not clear or clear. There are no signs of a hernias. The brain is not enlarged.
This review of trials found that the size of the various bone nodules in the lungs and airways is not changed. The heart is normal in size. The aortic artery and aorta are normal. The lungs are patent. The bronchial wall is thickening. No definite new nodules have been identified. No aggressive bone lesions have yet been identified, but the overall size and distribution of numerous bone nodule is not different. The overall size of these nodules is not significant. The lung is patent. No pleural effusion has been observed. No new bone lesions identified. The lymph nodes are normal and no new bone nodles have been found. No pericardial effusion was observed. The coronary artery and the aortas are unremoved. No calcified calcifications have been observed, but no new lesions have been detected. The soft tissue around the heart and the lungs are unblemish.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels of patients with acute myeloskeletons are normal in size. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs or airways is noted. No coronary artery calcium calcifications are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are noted.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal and the heart, lungs, and vessels are not affected. No new abnormal growths or enlargement of the lymph node have been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The thyroid gland does not appear to be damaged. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported, and the aorta is normal. The airways are patent.
This review of trials found that the following lung disease is not uncommon: chronic lung disease, which is a disease of the lungs, airways, and airway. The disease is a chronic lung problem that is not caused by the lungs. The evidence is up- to- date as of January 2014. The review found that there is no evidence that the lung disease affects the lungs or airways. The heart and vessels are normal in size. The main artery is mildly dilated (31 mm). Mild coronary artery calcifications are not uncommon. No pericardial effusion is reported. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is reported in this review. No aggressive bone lesions are reported. The bone structure of the lower abdomen is unbroken. No evidence of bone lesions is reported, but there is a small hernia in the lower arm. No serious bone lesions have been reported.
This review of the literature found that the heart and lungs were normal in size. There was no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. The right lung was affected by a small but persistent left pleural effusion. There were no signs of lung failure or obstruction. There is a lack of evidence of inflammation of the lymph nodes. There are no signs that the lungs are inflamed. There may be some evidence of bone growth in the lower leg. There appears to be no evidence that the legs are affected. The heart is normal in shape. There seems to be little or no evidence for any aggressive disease of the arteries. There appear to be mild atherosclerosis of the coronary arteries. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There does not appear to have been any evidence of damage to the kidneys. There has been no evidence to suggest that the kidneys are affected, but there is a small risk of damage. There have been no reports of any major side- effects.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways treatments have been shown to be safe. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobranchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic lung disease. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracentic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Coarse calcifications and/or biopsies clips in the right breast. Upper Abdomen: Reported separate. Osseous structure (e.g. soft tissue) and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that the following things are still normal: Lungs/Airways/Pleurys/Pulmonary Function: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new consolidations. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right hilar adenopathy measuring up to 1.6 cm short axis, slightly increased in size from 1.37 m on the prior study, is unchanged. Other mediastinal lymph nodes are unchanged. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Severed calcifications in the aortas and coronary arteries. Left-sided pacer device with leads in the right atrium and right ventricle. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review of the available evidence shows that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. The central airways are patent, but the right lung is still blocked. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Moderate coronary arteries have calcified. The aorta is normal. The right lung does not have a pericardial effusion. The left lung has a pleural effusion, but this is now trace. The heart is patent. The kidneys are normal. No abnormal growths have been identified. No abnormalities have been reported in the thyroid gland. The stomach is normal and the thyroid glands are unremarkable, but there is a small hernia. The liver is normal, but not large. The kidney is normal but the heart does not seem to be large enough to support it. The lung is normal with no new or enlarged pulmonary nodule. The arteries are normal and no abnormal growth has been identified, but aortic artery calcifications are common. The body's soft tissues are normal, and the heart and lungs do not have any new or worsening complications.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal and the thyroid is not affected. However, thyroid gland tissue is not always uniform and the body's thyroid gland may be affected. The thyroid gland and the aortic arch of the heart are affected. Thyroid gland is abnormal and the heart is not large. The liver is normal. The lungs are normal and there is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs. The aorta is normal in size. The right breast is calcified. The heart is normal, but the aureus is not. The left breast has calcification. The kidneys are normal. No abnormal blood vessels or lymph nodes are affected, but there is a small amount of blood in the liver. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The body's immune system is normal with no abnormal blood cells. The cancer is not active. The main complications are mild bronchiectasis and aortitis.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size and healthy. No abnormal growths or abnormalities were found. However, thyroid tissue is not uniform and the thyroid is not always well-tanned.
This review of 20 studies found that the right upper lobe of the thyroid gland (the thyroid) is still the same size and stable. The left upper lobe (the left middle lobe) of the thyrotropin gland (thyroid) is the same. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been found. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax (pneumothoracic swelling). The right upper and left middle lobes of the aorta (the lungs) are the same in the most recent study (November 2020). The left middle and right upper lobe (the thyrotrophin gland) are also the same, but the left middle (thyrotrophins) is smaller. No more or less than one additional thyroid nodule has been found in the right middle lobe. No additional thyroid nodes have been identified. No aggressive thyroid lesions have been detected. No abnormal thyroid growth has been observed. The thyroid gland is normal size. The aortic artery is normal. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are not seen. No changes in the aortal arteries and the aorteda are not noted. The two adrenal glands are stable. No serious thyroid abnormalities have been reported. No cancer has been identified in the thyroid glands. The thoracic spine is normal in the upper and lower limbs. No abnormalities have occurred. No bone lesions have occurred in the thoracoskeletal structures. No adverse effects have been noted.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels of patients with acute myeloid leuvenopathy are normal in size. However, the heart appears to be larger than usual and the vessels may be larger. The heart and arteries are normal and the aorta is normal. The lungs are normal. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusions have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been seen. No serious bone lesions were found.
This review of trials found that the evidence is current to January 2014. The review includes data from seven trials. The evidence is up to date to January 2015. The main findings are that the following things are likely to happen: - Lungs/Airways/Pleura: - No evidence of lung disease. - No signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. - Mild scarring in the anterior segment of the right upper lobe and the medial segment of both the right lower lobe. - Occurrence of granulomata (disease of the granuloma) in the left lung. - Evidence of a thinning of the esophageal wall. - Variations in the appearance of thyroid gland. - Thyroid gland enlargement. - Hypotension of the heart and vessels. - Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial enlargement and aortic valve enlargement, with no evidence of aorticular or aortical complications. - Coronary artery enlargement with no apparent evidence of an obstruction. - Aortic valves and a coronary artery enlargements with no reported obstruction. No evidence for aortal or apertural complications.    - No pericardial effusion. - None of the other indications were reported.  - Thyrocysts and soft tissues: - Thyrotropin-like growths in the thyroid gland, but the evidence for this is inconclusive. - Cancerous growths of the thyroid glands in the lymph nodes. - Scarring of the stomach wall.  The evidence for the stomach and thyroid gland is inconclusively. The evidence for thyroid gland enlargements is inconstantial.
This review of the literature found that the following are the results of the same study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobranchial tree is patent. No new or worsening pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right hilar node is not discerned on this noncontrast (noncontrast) non-contrast study. No enlarged lymph node. Thyroid gland: No new growths or enlargements. No pericardial effusion (worsening of the heart). Ascending aorta measures 42 mm. Aortic, heart and aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unresectable. Mildly abnormal gynaecologic symptoms. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild gynogastric (bronchial) symptoms. Milder gynocompetence (bond between gynoskeletal muscle) is not seen. Thyroids: No growth of new or enlarging lymph node, but the size of the thyroid is not different. No enlargement of lymph node size. Heart and Vessel: The heart and vessels are large and the aortus (aortic valves) is large. No calcifications of the aorts. No changes in the size or shape of the lungs. No abnormal growths of the oesseus. No growths in the oedema (a swelling of the airways) or in the thyroid gland. No evidence of abnormal growth of the lymph node or in either the oeopharynx (a gland). No abnormal swelling of lymph glands. No abnormalities in the heart or the oenocapulothorchium.
The review of trials found that the right lung and airway were normal in size and the right pleural effusion was slightly more likely to be present. The right upper lobe of the right lungs was the most affected, with a small, but stable, cavity. The left lung was the least well-known, with an increased risk of pleuritis. The heart and vessels were normal. No pericardial effusions were seen. The central pulmonary artery was upper-middle of the lung, but the size of the vessel was too small to be of benefit. The thyroid gland was not affected. No aggressive bone lesions were seen, but a small amount of the gland was found to be missing. The liver was the only part of the body that was not damaged. The cancer of the liver was not found. The remaining liver tissue was of normal size. The evidence for the use of the tracheostomies was of low to very low grade. The tracheo-pulvic valve was of high blood pressure. The airways were not blocked. The other tracheos were of high pressure. No evidence of pericardiographic abnormalities were noted. The quality of the evidence was very low.
This review of the literature found no evidence of any new cancer growth in the lung. The lung and airways are still normal in size. No new cancer cells have been found. No significant change in size of the nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The heart and vessels are normal in shape. No pericardial effusion has been reported, nor has the aorta. No cancer growth has been found on the aortal artery. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs has been identified.
This review of trials found that the upper lobe of the lung was affected by bronchiolitis, but the lung did not show signs of emphysema. The upper lobe was still healthy, but had more nodules. The lower lobe was not healthy. The thyroid gland appeared to be normal. The heart and vessels appeared normal. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The airways were patent. No pleural effusions. The thoracic adenopathy was not reported. The presence of thyroid gland nodules was not noted. No new thoracics were noted, but a new thyroid gland (mediastinum) was found. The remaining thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aortic aorta was normal. There was no evidence of any new thoracentic adendopathy. The rib fractures were healed.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal size and the thyroid is not growing any more than it was on the prior study. The right thyroid gland (thyroid) is normal in size. The left thyroid gland, thyroid and lymph node (lymph node), which are the most prominent thyroid glands, are normal. The thyroid gland and lymph gland, which are most likely to be the most common lymph node, are not growing more than they were on the previous study. Lungs/Airways/Pleurys/Pulmonary artery: No new or enlarging nodules. No new consolidation or groundglass. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland has not been affected by thyroid cancer. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been found. The left thyroid is unremarkable. The right thyroid gland, thyroid and thyroid vessels are normal. The aortic valve and aorta are normal in shape. The main pulmonary artery is 34 mm long and the aorte is 34.5 mm wide. The heart is normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Hepatic steatosis. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs. No evidence of thyroid cancer in the thyroid glands. No signs of thyroid disease in the aortal arteries. No abnormalities in the heart or vessels. No cancer of the thyroid. No serious adverse events.
This review of trials found that the heart chambers appear grossly normal in size. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. There is no aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent with no pulmonary nodules greater than 5 mm identified. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The visualized bowel is not obstruct. There was no evidence of obstruction of the bowel. There were no aggressive osseous lesions or bone lesions, but the vasculature was not seen. The neck and spine of the neck were not obstruded. The brain and lower limbs were not obstructed. The abdominal wall was not obtruded. There appeared to be no evidence that the liver, spleens, spletum and spleen were obstructed. There appears to be a mixed effect of the blood vessels. The evidence is current to January 2019.
This review of trials found that the following parts of the body were still showing signs of cancer. The lungs/Pleura: There is a persistent trace right pleural effusion. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. The heart is enlarged. The aorta: There was no new or worsening of the disease. The thyroid gland: There were no new abnormal growths or enlargements. The right thyroid gland was found to be enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The left thyroid gland had a new abnormal mass. The patient had a normal thyroid gland size. The middle of the thyroid gland appeared normal. The upper thyroid gland showed a new mass. There was a small increase in the size of the right thyroid lymph node. The lower thyroid gland also showed a large increase in size. There were some new abnormal cells in the thyroid. The kidney and vessels: There are no new abnormalities. The kidneys are normal.
This review of trials found that the following lung and airways features were stable. However, the right lung was thickened and the left lung was thin. The right lung had a persistent atelectasis (bronchial effusion) and the right breast had calcifications. The left breast had a calcified mass and a thin layer of bone in the breast. The heart and vessels appear to be normal. The aorta and coronary artery calcifications were not seen. The cancer spread to the lungs, heart, and vessels. The breast had an irregular mass and the cancer spread from the breast to the breast and to the other parts. The neck and shoulders were thin. No cancer spread spread to other parts of the chest. The bone in both the breast, neck and the aortic arteries were thin and the bone in each of the aorts was thin and old. The rib fractures were old healed. The evidence is current to January 2014.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and the lungs and airways are not blocked. The aortic valves are normal in shape and the aorta is not blocked, but there are some calcified calcified vessels in the aurea. The lymph node size is not large. The abdomen is not affected. No aggressive cancer of the bone marrow is present. No abnormal growths of the lymph nodes are seen. No evidence of cancer of lymph nodes in the lungs or the airways is found. No cancer of any other parts of the body is found, but the findings are not conclusive. No serious adverse events are noted.
This review of trials found that the heart and vessels of patients with acute bronchitis are not affected. The heart appears normal in size. The lungs are not enlarged or deflated. The lung is not affected by pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aortic and coronary artery calcifications are not large. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The abdomen is unblemished.
