This is a summary of the results of a CT of lung and heart and a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis. The results of the CT scan showed a significant improvement in the lung and the heart. The heart was not affected by the surgery. The lungs were not affected, but the heart was affected by surgery. There was no evidence of any new lung metastasis. The lung was not damaged, but there was a slight decrease in the size of the lung. The liver was not changed. There were no new lung or heart metastasies. The blood vessels were normal in size. The great vessels were not damaged. The body was not involved in any of the other major events. The CT scan was not of high enough resolution to be of any use.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the neck and the heart. The neck is a large area of the brain and the neck is the main source of the heart and the main artery. The heart is large and the arteries are of good size. The lungs are large and have a thick wall of mucus. The airways are large, and the lungs are covered with a thick, thick mucus-filled wall of thickened airways. There is no new or enlarging lung nodules. There are no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The brain is large, but the heart is not large. The great arteries are large. There was no new lung or airway edema. There were no new lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the neck. The body is well-preserved. The blood flow to the heart was normal. The veins in the heart were normal. There may be some calcified calcifications in the aorta (a large artery in the brain) and the mitral annular (a vein in the leg) and there is an arterial blockage in the left vertebra (a blockage of the aortal artery) from the aartic vein (a blood vessel in the legs). There is an independent origin of the left leg artery from the artery in which the aardrum is located. The left leg is not well-formed. The right leg is well formed. The abdomen and pelvis were not well defined. The examination of the abdomen and the pelvis was not well done.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. The lungs are clear. The airways are clear, and the heart is normal in size. The heart is in a port in the chest. The aorta is normal. The body is in good condition. The lung nodules are stable. The blood vessels are clear and the lungs are in good shape. The chest port is in the middle of the heart and the aortic valve is in place. The rest of the body is clear.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as of this date. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Heterogeneous and enlarged thyroid gland. For example there is a precarine lymph node measuring 1.1 cm, stable in size (evidence from a series of four) and a right distal paratracheal lymph node (evidence of stable in the same size) in the right ear. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta: No perichardial or pericordial effusions, and the aortic line appears to run the same course and size. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to be able to assess. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of an inflammatory process such as a lung infection or a lung obstruction. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. There was no evidence that the lungs were affected by an inflammatory event such as an acute bronchiectasis. The heart is not large and the blood vessels are of good size. The lung is not well-formed and the lungs are not well healed. There were no signs of a lung or airway obstruction. The lungs are well-developed and the airway is clear. There may be a small amount of blood in the lungs and the lung is clear, but there is no clear evidence of a major lung obstruction or a large lung obstruction, and there is a lack of evidence of any other major lung or lung obstruction in the lung. The blood vessels in the heart are well formed and the heart and the arteries are of a good size, but the heart has a common origin in the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. The body is well-built and the body is not in a condition to be operated on. The thyroid is well formed. The brain is well developed and the brain is not affected. The liver is well healed and the liver is not damaged. The kidneys are well developed. The skin is well preserved and the skin is clear and the bone is well done.
The results of the CT of the lungs/airways/Pleura: The lungs/pleura are normal. There are no signs of any other major or minor lung or airway problems. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion or pericordial effusions. There were no other major problems. There was no evidence of any major or major lung or lung edema. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The lymph nodes: No signs or signs of adenopathy. The great vessels are normal in length. The body is in good condition. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis was not reported. The results of this report are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a CT of lung and heart scan. The CT scan showed that the lung is still in a stable condition, but the heart is not in a good condition. The heart is still large and the heart and the lungs are still in good condition, with a large amount of blood in the lungs. The lungs are also still in the airways and the airway is still blocked. The lung has not yet developed metastasis. The body is still not well-formed, and the body is not well healed. The appearance of the body does appear to be not well developed. The results of the CT scan did not indicate that the body had metastasis, but there is a possibility that the bone in the heart may have been damaged. The scan did show that the heart was not in good shape, but it was not large or of high size. The brain was not well formed, and there was no evidence of a metastasis in the brain. The liver was not affected. The thyroid gland was not damaged.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results are up to date as of May 2019. The main results are as follows:. The lungs are clear. The heart is normal in size. The airways are clear and the heart is in a good condition. The lung and heart are stable. The body is in good condition and the lungs are in good shape. The blood flow to the heart and the aorta is normal. The chest port is in the same place as the heart. The pulmonary artery is normal and the coronary artery is in normal condition. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. The largest in the left upper lobe was 3 mm (5/180). These are stable back to 2019. No other new or large lung nodules have been found. There is no evidence of any new or larger lung nodule in the lungs. The central airways of the heart are clear, and the blood flow through the heart to the aortal artery is good. The aortic artery is not affected. The rest of the body is clear. No more or more lung nodles were found in the heart or the aventilator. The other parts of the chest are clear with no new or more large lung or aortal nodules.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the results were consistent with the results from the original search. We also found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. We did not find any new or large, or large-scale, lung or heart or lung-like lesions. We were able to see that the heart was still in the same place as it was in the original scan. We could not see any new, large or large lung or lung like lesions. The heart was not in the main area of the scan. The lungs were not in a very good position to be examined. We are not able to tell if there was any new lung or lungs in the upper lobe. The right lung was in a good position for the examination. We do not know if there were any new lungs in this area. We cannot tell if the lungs were in the right or left lobe of the lung. We can tell that the lungs had a large amount of fluid in the airway and that the airways were filled with a large, dense, and stable fluid. We have not found any new and large lung-sized or large pulmonary nodule. We identified no new and larger lung nodules in the left lobe. We only found a few new and small lung nodule in the middle of the right lobe.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the results are not very clear. The main findings are that the lung and airways are normal, but there is a small amount of calcified granuloma in the right lung and a calcified lymph node on the left lung. There is a large, round calcified nodular mass in the breast. The heart and the heart chambers are normal. There was no evidence of a large mass in either lung. The lymph nodes are normal and the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The body is well-preserved.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for the results from the US Cochrane Lung and Pulmonary Health Group. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2019. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent tracheobronchial tree. The trachea is in a state of complete collapse with a thickening of the airway. The lungs are filled with a mixture of blood and mucus. The airway is filled with fluid. The left lung is filled in with a thin, thickened, and filled with blood. The right lung is in the same condition. The heart is in good condition. There is no pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal in size. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The lung is not in a condition to be used for the treatment of heart and heart vessel disease. The body is in normal condition. No other major problems were found. The examination of the lungs/airways/pleura was done in a single day. The main results were:. The upper lung is still in a very poor condition. It is still filled with water and has a thickened airway, but the airways are not filled with any blood. There are no signs of a large blood clot in the heart. The lower lung is also in a poor condition, but there is no blood clot. The blood is not filled in the lungs. The chest is not full of blood. No major problems with the heart or heart vessels. The patient is in stable condition.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes a total of 12 patients with a total length of 4.5 years of life. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube in place. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Patchy bilateral airway opacities with dense consolidation of the lung bases. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (the hole in the heart that leads to the heart) or pericordial effusions (the holes in the aorta). The aortic line tip is not well-formed. The aortal line tip has a small hole in it. The heart is not large. The pericardiadum is not very large. No other major or minor defects were found. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Small amount of subcutaneous emphysema along the right side of the chest wall.
The results of this review are up to date as of 1 May 2017. The results of the review are current to May 2017 and are up-to-date as of the date of this update. The main results are based on a total of five scans of the lungs, heart, lungs, and lymph nodes. The lungs/airways/Pleura: There is a stable and stable mass of soft tissue in the left lung (the paravertebral mass) measuring 8.8 x 5.5 x 5 cm (CC, AP, Trans), on series 5, image 131 and series 606, image 49. There are a number of other large, stable, and stable lung nodules (the pulmonary nodules) in the right lung (left lung) and the right lungs (the upper lung) on series 4, 5, and 6, and series 5. There is also a stable mass in the upper lung (right lung) measuring 1.1 cm (the right lung) with a stable nodule (the left lung) in a stable place (the medial part of the lung). There is no change in the number of pleural effusions (the swelling of the airway) in either lung (this is a common occurrence in people with lung cancer). There are also a number and size of other stable and large, and stably stable, pulmonary nodule in the lungs (this happens in people who have lung cancer) in both lungs (for instance, the right and left lungs). There was no change of the number and shape of the left and right lungs in the paravertral mass (the lower lung). The left lung is stable (this means that the lungs are not as large as they were in the past). There were no changes in the size of the right or the left lungs (these are the lungs that are the most important for people with this type of lung cancer), and there was no significant change in size
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs/airways/pleura are stable and the airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. Stable small left pleural effusion and atelectasis. The airways/airway are patent and the pleura are not affected. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear to be stable and have a normal course and size. The aortic valve is stable and has no new or large lung nodule. The pericardium (a large vein in the heart) is stable. The lymph nodes: Stable and stable lymph nodes are not damaged. The included portion of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The body of the aorta is stable with no new lung nodulae or new or larger lung nodles. The blood vessels are stable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No new bone lesions. The oesophagus is stable, but the oeso is not affected by the surgery. The liver is stable but the liver is not in a stable condition. The other organs of the body are stable but not in good condition.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the main results were that the left lung of the patient was affected by a large amount of blood loss and the right lung was not affected. The main results are based on the results from the same study. The patient had a large number of lymph nodes in the left side of the lung. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the results from a new study of the chest. The results show that the heart and lungs are normal, with no new or enlarging nodles or suspicious densities. The heart and vessels are normal and the lungs are stable. The lungs are not affected. The chest wall is not affected, but the heart is not large. The lung is not in a stable position. The airway is not blocked. The body is not damaged. There is no evidence of a new or large lymph node in the lungs. There are no new and large lymph nodes in the chest wall. The left lung is stable and the airway does not block. The right lung is in a good position, but there is a small fissure in the right lung. The lymph nodes are not in the same place. The brain is not involved. The neck is not broken. The rest of the body appears to be in good condition.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2018. The main results are from a new study. The study was done in a new hospital in the USA. The patient was a male, in his 70s, with a mild heart condition. The heart was found to be in a normal shape and the heart was in a stable condition. There was no evidence of any new adenopathy. The lungs were clear. The airways were clear and the airways had no pleural effusion. The body was not affected by any new disease. The examination of the heart showed that the heart had a normal course and size of the aorta. The blood flow to the heart is normal. The aortic arch was in the same place as the heart and the artery was in line with the aortal arch. The vertebrae were in the aartic arch and the vertebra was in place in the vertebral arch. There were no new adenaemia or other adverse events. The lymph nodes were slightly larger in the left axiloid lymph node, and the lymph nodes in the right axilid lymph node were slightly more large. The bone in the lymph node was not damaged. The other lymph nodes had no new disease or new adanopathy.
This is a summary of the results of the study. The results of this study are current to May 2016. The main results are that the lung nodules are stable and stable, with no new nodules or new lesions. There is a persistent nodular (non-membranous) wall of the tracheal wall, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica. There are no new or new lung nodles or new nodles. There was no new lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No new or more aggressive lesion was seen. The findings of this report are up to date as of May 2016 and are up-to-date as of April 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The patient had a single surgery to remove the lung and the lymphadenopathy was not severe. The lung was not affected by the surgery. The lymphadenation was not large. The aorta of the aortic aortum was not ruptured. The liver was not damaged. The lungs were not affected. The aneurysm in the aortal aortas was not blocked. The surgery did not cause any other major side effects. The treatment was not successful in the lungs. The operation was not reported to be of any major side effect.
The results of the post-surgery examination of the heart and the lungs/airways/Pleura were as follows:. The heart appears to be in good condition. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. No arterial calcifications of the aorta. No other major or minor adverse events were found in the heart or lungs. The lungs/Airways/pleura are patent. No major adverse events in the lungs or pleura were found, and no new or large lung nodule or arterial nodules. The airways are patent, and the heart appears normal. The lymph nodes are patent and the lymph vessels are patent as well. No lymph nodes were found to be affected. The breast and axilla were not affected. No changes were found on the right breast and the axilla.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Lung and Lung and Pleura Group. The review found that the lung and lung and lungs and lungs were all in good condition, with no new or more serious lung or lung cancer. The lung and the lungs were in good shape, but the lungs and the lung were covered with a thick, thick mucus-like mucus plugging. The lungs were also covered with large, dense, and stable nodules, some in a tree-in-bud (bud-like) shape. The heart was in good health, but there were no new heart or heart-like nodules. The liver was in a good condition and the liver was not in a bad condition. The body was in poor health and the heart was not large. The blood vessels were in a poor condition and there were some new calcified granulomas. The results were not clear on the heart and the body.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways are clear. The lung and lungs have been affected by the age-related degenerative changes in the body. The lungs have a few new nodules and the lungs have more of the largest and most stable nodules. The number of patchy groundglass nodules has increased, and the number of new areas of involvement in the right lung has increased. The body has a few other changes in size and shape. The heart and the heart and heart and blood vessels are normal. The chest is clear. There is no evidence of any new noncalcified adenopathy. The liver and the liver vessels are clear and the lung has a clear airway. The brain and the brain are clear, and both have a clear and clear airways. The abdomen is clear and well-preserved. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. The bone and soft tissues are normal and the body is well-surgically healthy.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are up-to-date as of this date. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large mass in the right lung and a large, thickened lymphangial mass in both lungs. There is new soft tissue (wet and dry) tissue in the left lung and the lymph nodes in the upper lung. There are stable and stable small nodules in the lung and in the lower lung. The left lung is stable and the right is stable. There was no change in the size of the heart or the heart vessels. There were no changes in the heart and heart vessels in the lungs. The heart and the heart vessel are normal in size. There may be a slight change in size of heart and vessel in the chest. There has been no change of the lungs or heart vessels or in the body. There have been no changes to the lungs, heart or heart vessel. There appears to be no change to the heart, heart and lungs. However, there is a slight increase in the number of lymph nodes and in some of the lymphangia in the brain. There seems to be a small change in how the lymph node in the neck of the lung is spread. There remains no change between the lungs and the chest and the lungs in the abdomen. There does not appear to be any change in any of the other organs. The examination of the body showed no change. The body was not able to move or breathe. The lungs were not able or able to breathe. There appeared to be little or no change on the body parts of the chest or the lungs (except for the heart). The heart was not affected. The chest was not large enough to show any change of size of coronary artery. The lung was not well-formed. The liver was not damaged
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes the following:. The main results:. Endotracheal tube in the airway: Endotraacheal tubes in the lungs are in a good position. The right lung tube is in a very good position and the left lung tube in a poor position. Two left lung tubes are in good position, but the transesophageal tube is not in a great position. No oral contrast is seen in the mediastinum or the pleural space or lung (although presumably the tube was used to give the test). No other major problems were found. The left lung is in good condition. The transesphageal tubes are not in good shape. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aortic valve is normal. The lungs: The left and right lungs are still in good health. The airway is in the same place. The two left lungs are not at the same point. The tube in both lungs is in an excellent position. There is no evidence of any other major problem. The other tubes are still not in the right lung. The tubes in both the lungs and the heart are not well-formed. The pericaroid artery, aorta and aortics are normal.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this review are current to May 2017. The patient is a male adult with a high risk of heart and lung cancer. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lung (3/40). There is severe centrilobular emphysema, slightly progressed since 2017. Paraseptal emphysesma is again noted. No focal consolidation is seen. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The heart and vessels: Stable heart and heart valve. The aortic valve is stably in place. The pulmonary artery is stable, but the aorta is stables. The lymph nodes: Enlarged subaortic lymph node measuring 1.2 cm in short axis diameter (4/206), unchanged since 2017, and the patient is in a stable condition. The other lymph nodes are not affected. The body is in good condition. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes are seen in the visualized spine. Changes from prior lumpectomy in the left breast are not seen. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. The surgery was performed in the same place and time as the surgery was done. The treatment was not successful. The surgical team did not find any other major problems.
This is a summary of the results of a new study from the Cochrane Collaboration. The results of this new study show that the lung base of the lung is still the same as in the previous study. There is a 1.1 cm (1.1 in cm) increase in the size of the right lung in the study from 2021. There are no new changes in the left lung base. There was a 1 cm (0.1) increase of the left lobe in the new study. The left lower lobe paraspinic (paraspinous) finding described on PET/CT has decreased in size and is similar to the left lower lobes peribronchial (paraphenema) consolidation in the right lobe. The enlarged left lower lung nodule seen on the study in April 2021 is no longer present. There were no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.5 cm. The heart and vessels are normal. No pericardial effusion. The major artery is large and the main vein is large. The aorta is large, with aortic valve and aortal artery both having aortas. The rest of the body is normal. The body is not affected by any of the other changes. The lung base is still intact. The lungs are still the most well-known area of the spine. The other parts of the thoracic spine are not affected. The liver, lungs and heart are not well-preserved. The brain is not well healed. The abdominal organs are not damaged. The abdomen is not damaged and the body does not have any new bone or other serious bone or joint or joint problems.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are based on a total of 12,000 scans. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable right upper lobe 3.5 mm nodule (4/124) in the same place as the previous left lower lobe 4 mm nodules. Scattered calcified granulomas (granulomas) again noted. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No large or large lung nodule was found. No other new or large lymph nodes were found, but there were some calcified calcified lymph nodes. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No pericardial effusion. The aortic and aortal calcifications are present. The diaphragm (the airway) is well-preserved. The body is well preserved. The abdomen is well defined. The abdominal wall is well described. The bone structure of the abdomen is also well-defined. The bones of the body are well-formed. The brain is well developed. The spinal cord is well formed. The neck is well healed. The shoulder is well done. The head of the neck is in good shape.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of March 2019. The main results are based on a new study from March 2021. The study was funded by the US National Heart, Lung and Lung Institute (NHLI). The main findings are as follows:. The tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe. New 3 mm right upper lobe nodule is present in the left upper lobe. The two main nodes on the right are slightly increased in size. The dominant node on the left is slightly increased. The major nodes on both the left and the right have a new node. The other nodes are not affected. The heart and vessels are normal. The aorta is normal. No pericardial effusion. The lungs are normal in size and the heart chambers are normal, but the aortas are not large. The body is not in a stable condition. The bone in the heart and the aortal vessels are not in the same place. The brain is not affected and the body is in a good condition.
This is a systematic search of the medical record to find all the published and unpublished data. The results are current to May 2016. The review authors searched for all the available data up to May 2017. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The results show that the lungs are still healthy, but the airway wall is thickening and mild bronchiectasis with a lower lobe (the lungs are filled with air) is still present. In the left lower lobe there are ill-defined centrilobular nodules in the left ear. The more diffuse groundglass opacities seen on the prior studies have been resolved. No new consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are still normal. No pericardial effusion. The aorta (the main artery) is normal size. The heart is still in good condition. The lungs are clear and the lungs have not been affected by any of the other problems. The body is still healthy. The liver and lungs are healthy. No other major problems were found. The rest of the body is well-preserved. The abdominal organs are well-known to have aortic and aortal calcifications. No major problems have been found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the body.
The results of this review are up to date as of the same day. The results of the review are current to May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Biapical scarring. Unchanged scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. Subsegmental atelectasis in the lingula and right lower lobe. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. Calcified aortic valve leaflets. Commonly used aorta and aortal valve leaflets are of a similar size and shape. No changes in the size of the aortas. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be in good condition. No change in the number of heart and vessel pericardial effusion. The heart chambers appear to have no change in size. The aortis and aortal vessels are in good shape. The lungs/airways/pleura are patent and the airways and lungs are patent, with no changes in size or shape of the lungs. The blood vessels are normal. The lymph nodes are not affected. The thyroid: Unchanged heterogenous nodule in the right thyroid measuring up to 3.6 cm (4:48). The thyroid is a large, heterogenous and stable nodule. The other nodule is a sebaceous cyst. The rest of the thyroid is not affected and the rest of it is not in good health. The body is in good or very good condition, with a few signs of trauma. The examination of the heart and the heart chambers was not of high quality.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2015. The main results are based on a search of the Cochrane Library's electronic search.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found no change in the size of the lung and airways, but there is a small change in some of the other parts of the body. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels are normal. The lungs are not affected. The body is not affected by any of the disease. The blood vessels are not damaged. The brain is not damaged, but the brain is still in a very low blood pressure. The liver is not in a high blood pressure, and the heart is not large. The lung and heart are not in the same place. The other parts are not changed. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The CT scan showed that there is a large hernia in the left lung of the lung. There is a small hernia on the right lung and a large hiatal hernia (hiatal hole) in both lungs. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There was no evidence of a large lymphadenoid (lung) or lymphadenitis (lithiasis) in the right lungs. Sclerotic metastasis in the T2 vertebra body is unchanged. There were no signs that the cancer had spread to the diaphragm.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung nodules were stable in size and were of low or no size. The lung nodule in the left lung was of high risk of enlarging. The other nodules in the right lung were of moderate to high risk. The lungs were not affected by the airway. We did not find any new or enlarging lung nodles. The heart was not affected. The body was not damaged. The blood vessels were not ruptured. The thyroid gland was not ruptures. The liver was not involved. The kidneys were not damaged and the heart was normal. The brain was not in the same condition. The kidney was not at risk of rupturing. The rest of the body was in good condition.
The results of the study were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobranchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusions or pleural obstruction. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately, and reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No large bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualize thyroid is normal. The results of this study are up to date as at January 2017.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Clusters of micronodules in the left lower lobe (for example 3: 353, 365, 409) are not seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. The aorta is 36 mm long and the aortic artery is calcified. The heart is not large enough to be a heart. The pericordial effusions are not large. The blood vessels are not too large. No other major problems were found. The liver is not too big or too weak. The kidneys are not big or weak. No major problems with the heart or the heart vessels were found in the liver. The lungs/airways/pleura are patent. The trach is patent and the tracheo-pleurisium is patent (the tree that surrounds the trach). The tracobronches are patent and have a patent tree. The lung is not very large. There is no evidence of a large or large pericardiogram. The thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Ossesous structures are not very big or very weak.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways are stable and the heart and vessels are stable. The airways and lungs are patent. The heart and the lungs are stable, and the vessels are normal. The lungs are not affected. The lung and the airways have not been affected. There is no new thoracic adenopathy. The body is not affected by any new bone or muscle damage. The brain is not damaged. The liver is stable. There are no new bone and muscle lesions. The blood vessels are healthy.
This is a systematic review of the results of a study that was done in a group of adults with a variety of lung and heart disease. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were based on a single study. The study was done at a hospital in the USA. The findings were based in a large, well-known and well-established hospital in Germany. The authors found that the lungs/airways/pleura were affected by a combination of the following: 1. Diffuse thickening of the airways, and alveolar groundglass opacities are compatible with pulmonary edema. 2. There are scattered pulmonary cysts/blebs. 3. There is a large group of lymph nodes in the lower paratracheal lymph node, with a large calcified group in the left lymph node and a small group in both lymph nodes. 4. There was a large and small group of calcified lymph nodes within the left thyroid. 5. There were no other major or major bone or muscle lesions. 6. There may be a large number of small and small blood vessels in the heart. 7. There could be a small number of large and large blood vessels within the heart and heart vessels. 8. There might be a few small blood vessel enlargements in the aortic valve. 9. There has been a large amount of blood in the brain and heart. 10. There have been a few blood in both the lungs and heart and the heart vessels in both. 11. There appears to be a slight enlargement of the aortal artery in the main vein in the chest. 12. There seems to be no evidence of a large blood vessel in the lungs. 13. There should be no more blood in either the heart or the aventilator. 14. There must be a significant amount of fluid in the airway. 15. There needs to be more study of the
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are from the Cochrane Collaboration.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the tracheobronchial tree and the lungs. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheo-pleura is patent. Stable post-radiation changes in the right upper lobe and perihilum. Stabilised in the left upper lobe. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery and mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerotic lesion in T5 vertebral body. No major changes in tissue.
The results of the study were as follows: Lungs and airways/Pleura: Stable (4:139) - Stable superior segment left lower lobe 5 mm solid nodule (4.204) - stable left lower (4):204 - St stable (4) - 8 mm peribronchial (4). Stable left (4), 8 mm (4); Stable right (4,212) - 2 mm (2) - 3 mm (3) - 1 mm (1) - 4 mm (5) - 5 mm (6) - 6 mm (7) - 7 mm (8) - 10 mm (9) - 12 mm (14) - 15 mm (16) - 18 mm (19) - 20 mm (21) - 21 mm (22) - 24 mm (24) - 25 mm (26) - 26 mm (28) - 28 mm (29) - 30 mm (32) - 35 mm (40) - 40 mm (41) - 50 mm (42) - 60 mm (44) - 70 mm (46) - 80 mm (65) - 100 mm (75) - 120 mm (100) - 150 mm (200) - 200 mm (300) - 300 mm (400) - 400 mm (500) - 600 mm (600) - 1000 mm (800) - 2000 mm (900) - 1800 mm (1000) - 1900 mm (2000) - 3000 mm (20) - 5000 mm (10) - 4000 mm (30) - 6000 mm (50) - 1500 mm (60) - 2100 mm (25) - 2500 mm (80) - 1700 mm (90) - 500 mm (250) - 1200 mm (70) - 1600 mm (150) - 1950 - 2000 - 2000 (200,000) - 2050 - 2000, 2000, 2010, 2010 and 2012 - 2000.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs/airways/pleura were not affected. There is a large amount of lung nodule (dissolvation) in the left lung and a calcified granuloma (dismal) in both lungs. The airways are patent. There are no other major problems with the lungs. There was no evidence of a large blood clot in the lungs or of a blood clot on the airway. The lungs were not damaged. The upper and the lower lungs were both affected. The blood flow to the lungs was normal. The heart and the heart chambers were not disturbed. The body was not damaged and the blood flow was normal, but the heart was not large. The liver was not affected and there was no sign of a clot in it. The thyroid gland was not disturbed and the body was well-preserved. The other parts of the thyroid gland were not in the same condition. The results of this review are current to May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the size and size of the lung and the airways in adults with a heart and lung cancer. The results of this study were compared to the same study in adults and adults with heart and heart cancer. This is a new type of study. The main results were compared with the results from the same trial in adults. The study was published in 2015. The analysis showed that the size of lung nodules in the upper and lower lungs and the number of pulmonary nodules overall decreased in size and density. The number of lung and airways nodules was also decreased. The heart was normal in size. The airways were not affected. The lungs were not damaged. The body was not damaged in any way. The lung and heart were not in any major or major problems. The blood flow to the lungs was normal. The central airways are patent. The lymph nodes were not found to be affected. No new lung nodule was found. The bone in the heart was not broken.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable punctate micronodule in the right upper lobe (5:125). New mild groundglass opacities in the left upper lobe. Mild subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. A heart is 36 mm in length. A coronary artery is 36mm in length and the aorta is 36.5 mm in size and the heart is in the middle of the heart. Aeloid (heart) and aortal (heart valve) are both in the same place. The heart is not large and the valve is in a place where the aeloid is not in the heart and the artery is in place. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Diffuse osseous metastatic disease. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Redemonstration of post radiotherapy changes in the left upper lobe. Worsening of nodularities in the right upper lobe and redemonstration in the upper lobe of the lung. Worries of septal thickening in the lower lobe. There is an increase in the amount of pleura (septal swelling) in the airways. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent lymph nodes, for example 8.5 mm in the paratracheal lymph node (5/158). The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta: No perics were found. Mild calcifications were found in the aortic and aortal chambers. No other major bone or muscle lesions were found and the body was not affected. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the patient had a new 1.0 cm irregular nodule in the azygos esophageal recess of the right lower lobe (the area where the esophagus is located) and a new 2.1 cm sclerotic lesion in the T6 vertebral (the part of the body where the neck meets the body) (the T6) vertebrae (the body that surrounds the neck) (a new 1 cm nodule). The patient had no pleural effusions. The lungs were not affected. The heart and vessels were not damaged. There was no evidence of any other major adverse events. The patient was not well-prevented. The results of this review are current to May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive review. The results of this review are up to date as of July 2021. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleurae: Secretions in the right upper lobe bronchus and bronchu and bronchiectasis. Clusters of micronodules in the left upper and lower lobes (5:199, 236), which are not related to airways disease. Stable left apex micronoid (5.75) and stable left ventricle (5):75. No new nodules noted on July 2021 examination have resolved. Clustered and stable right pleural effusion, which is a small effusion in the upper lobe (5). No new lymph nodes (1 cm) or lymph nodes in the lower lobe (1.5 cm) have been found. No enlarging lymph nodes. No other changes in the heart or lungs. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with a large left atrial and left ventilator enlargement. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. LAD stent. Left atrial artery and right ventricles: LAD leads end in the atrium and right atrial junction. Left heart and heart vessels: L AD leads end at the right atrium. L AD stent leads end near the left atrium/right atrial joint. Lad leads end close to the heart. Laid-back and stable. No changes in lung wall thickness. No major changes in other parts of the body. No large changes in bone or bone structure. No significant changes in any of the other parts. No change in the number of lymph nodes or lymph node size. No more or more lymph nodes were found.
This is a systematic search of the medical record for the results of this review. The results of the search were up to date as at May 2016. The main results were from a new study. The study was funded by the US National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute (NIHBI). The results were updated in May 2016 and the new study was published in the UK. The new study showed that the main lung was blocked by a spiculated mass in the right upper lobe of the lungs. This mass was located in the upper lobe and partially encased the right mainstem bronchus. The left mainstem was also blocked by the same mass. The right mainst was also partially encase by the left mainst. The lymph nodes were not clearly seen. The heart was not seen. There was no evidence of any other major or minor bone or muscle lesions. The body was not affected by any of the other major and minor bone and muscle lesions that were seen in the other two studies. The blood vessels were not affected. The lungs were not blocked by any other large or large bone or bone lesions. There were no other major bone or limb or muscle or muscle injuries. The liver was not blocked. The brain was not damaged. The kidneys were not damaged, but the heart was. The lung was not fully blocked. There is a spica-like mass in both lungs. The airway was blocked in the left upper lobe. The other lungs were blocked in both the right and the left lower lobe. There are no other large bone and bone lesions in the lungs or the heart. The thyroid gland was not shown. The rest of the body was well-preserved. The examination of the heart and the heart vessels was not well-preformed. The major vein in the heart had calcified and was not clearly blocked.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US and UK. The review includes results from the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable changes of the right lung and the right upper and middle lobes. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No major changes in the lungs. No pericardial effusion. No arterial blockage. No large or large arterial obstruction. No other major or large pulmonary blockage or obstruction. Heart and Vessels: Stabilised heart and vessels: St stable heart and vessel size. No significant changes in heart and heart vessel size or in the size of the aorta. No changes in other major arteries or vessels. No abnormal changes in any of the major arteries and aortas. No serious or large pericordial effusions or pericardiogram. No aggressive bony lesions. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No cancer. No adenomatous (lung-like) or lymph node (lymph) adenoma. No systemic or arterial damage. No heart or aortic blockage, or any other major arterial or arteriovenous blockage (a blockage). No major or major pulmonary blockages or peri- and ariodenal blockage in the aortal arteries. No acute or chronic arterial and arterial arterial clots. No pulmonary block or perico- and arterio-venous obstruction. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aorts and aorts. No evidence of arterial blocks or perisectors. No signs of arterioleal blockages. No more or less arterial blood flow. No adverse events.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study are up to date as of June 2020. The main results are from a new imaging study. This study was done in the same area of the spine in a new patient. The new study was funded by the US and UK National Health and Medical Research Council. The study was performed in a hospital in the USA. The patient was a male, aged 65 years, with a mild to moderate case of lung cancer. The primary outcome was the size of the left lung nodule in the left lobe of the lung. There is an enlarging tubular nodule on the right lobe of this nodule. These nodules are new and will be studied in the next study. There was no change in the size or shape of the right lung nodules. The left lung was not affected. The lung was also not affected by the enlargement of the lymph node in the right superior mediastinum. The lymph node was not changed in size. The right lung was affected by an enlargement in the tubular lymph node. The other lung was unchanged. The lungs were not affected in the other way around. The airways were clear. The heart and the heart vessels were not damaged. The blood vessels were normal. The body was not damaged in any way. The bone in the neck was not broken. The bones in the back of the neck were not broken in any significant way. There were no new bone lesions. The spine was not fractured in any area. The neck was still intact.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Lung and Heart Group. The review includes data from a total of 5,865 patients. The results show that the lungs are still healthy and the lungs have not been affected by the surgery. The lungs are not affected by any of the other problems. The heart is still healthy. The body is still in good condition. The lung wall is still intact. The chest wall is not affected. The airway is still clear. The blood supply to the lungs is still good. The brain is still working. The liver is still functioning. The kidneys are still functioning well. The thyroid lobe is still normal. The left thyroid lobe has a small number of small, irregular and irregular-sized nodules. The right thyroid lobe does not have any new nodules and the left thyroid is not well-formed. The main results are based on the results from the same study.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No abnormal growths or growths in the lungs. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. No lymph nodes: No adenopathy of the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: No perichardial or pericordial effusions. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abbdomen (the area of the body where the body's organs are located) are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this new study show that the lung and airways are stable after surgery. The lung and lungs are stable and the airways and the lungs are clear. The lungs and airway are stable. The airway wall is thickened and the lung is clear. There is no new or enlarging lung nodules. The right lung is still stable and there are no new and enlarging pulmonary nodules in the right lung. The other lung is stable and no new nodules are found. The left lung has a patchy groundglass in the left lower lobe described on the prior study. This patchy patchy spot has been resolved. The 1.2 cm groundglass nodule in the lingula in the lower lobe in series 4 is unchanged. Other smaller pulmonary nodule including a 9 mm groundglass (lung) nodule (lumbar) in the upper lobe in the middle of the lung in the series 4 image 252 and a 5 mm (lithula) nodle in the top of the right lobe in image 107 are unchanged. No new or large lung nodule or pleura (pulmonary nodule) is found. No pleural (pleura) effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal size. The aorta (aortic artery) is not affected. The rest of the body is normal. The remaining visualized organs are unremarkable. The body is still in good condition. The main organs are normal size and the heart and aortic aortas are not affected by the surgery.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs were in good condition, but the lungs had a large number of large and persistent emphysema (e.g. the tracheobronchial tree) and were covered with a thickening of the airway wall. The lungs were also covered with large and stable nodules (elevation of the lungs) and had a number of other problems. The lung was also covered by a large and very thickening nodule (evere) in the right upper lobe (3.126) and the left upper lobe had a similar nodule in the left (4.65). The left upper and right upper lobes were in a similar condition (4:65) and both had a small hernia (4):114. The left and right lobes had a 5 mm nodule on the left side of the upper lobe and the right had a 2 mm nodle on the right (4). The right lobe had an impaction (4) on the upper lip (4; 4:114). The other two lobes (4 and 5) had a few small and stable (4 mm) nodles (4,65). Mucoid impaction in the posterior right upper limb (4), which was not shown in the other lobe (4); 4:65). This was not seen in the previous examination (4-114). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy (adenopathy) was not found. No other bone or lymph nodes were found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal. The body was not well-preserved. The liver and lungs were not well defined. The heart was not large and the lungs and lungs had large and large apical bullae (ephysem) and large and small
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are that the lung and airways are stable and the heart and vessels are normal. The airways and lungs are patent. The heart and the vessels are not affected. The lung and the airways have not been affected.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Collaboration. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes a total of 7,865 patients with a total length of 2,867 days. The main results were:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of secretions in the trachea. Some of the cysts are still in the upper lobe (4:204) and some of the disease has progressed (4,204). Some of this is in the left lower lobe (5,821). Patchy opacity in the right upper lobe is new (4;134). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Conglomerate mediastinus adenopathy measuring up to 2.2 cm, likely reactive. Soft tissue in the anterior mediast in the middle of the lymph nodes is preferred to represent scar/mucoid impaction (4):278. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery, aortic and aortics (aortic valve calcifications) and a heart valve calcification (a) are all in the same place (4) (4). Mitral annular calcifications (4), and a vein (4); and aureolus (4 and 4) (5). Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Multiple vertebras and bone lesions (4/6) versus osteopenia (4.5/6). No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcifications in both breasts.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The main lung nodule in the left lung is stable (image 323). Some scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules are not definitively seen on prior scans, for example a 4 mm nodule on the right upper lobe (image 134). There are chronic lung consolidation in the right and left lungs with a 1 cm nodule (image 334) in the upper lobe. The left lung nodulae are stable (images 323, series 4). There is a 1.6 mm nodulule in both lungs (image 336, series 3). There were no other major lung nodles (no other lung nodle) seen on the CT. The lung nodular area is stable. The right lung nodulet (the thyroid nodule) is stable and the main pulmonary artery is dilated (image 326, series 5). The main pulmonary vein is dilate (image 327, series 6). The left pulmonary artery (the main pulmonary arterial artery) is dilatation (image 328, series 7). The right thyroid nodules (the right thyroid) are stable. No other lung or lung noduls were seen on previous CT scans. The major lung artery is also dilated and the left pulmonary vein (the pulmonary artery) has a low blood pressure (image 320, series 8). No other major vein (a large vein) was seen. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen (see image 134). A mild compression fracture of the T6 vertebra body is stable, but the bone is not stable (see the CT report). For findings below the diaphragm (the diaphrata) please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are up-to-date as of this date. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the trachea. Significant improvement in the right lung. Significant worsening of the right ear. Significant increase in the left ear. No new bone or bone lesions. The right ear is stable. The left ear is still stable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aorta is normal. The heart is still in good condition. The pericardial fluid is normal course and size of the aortas. The blood vessels are still in the same place as on the last test. The body is still functioning as normal. No aggressive bone or other bone lesions were found. The examination of the left arm showed no new bone lesions or new bone in the arm. The test of the heart was not of high enough resolution to be able to tell if there was any new bone.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are current as of May 2016 and the main results were from a single study. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Tracheostomy in place. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are patent. Worsening dense consolidations in the right upper lobe and both lower lobes. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No heart or heart vessel adenopathy. The aorta is normal course and size. The vein in the aortic artery is mildly dilated (32 mm). Left jugular vein catheter tip (the catheter) is in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube (tube) is not in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes a total of 328 scans of the lungs, airways, and lymph nodes. The main findings were:. The lungs/airways/pleura: The lungs and airways are clear. The airways/airway are clear and the airways and lymph node area are clear, but the lymph nodes are not clear. There is a small amount of blood in the lymph node and the lymph vein area. The lymph nodes/lymph nodes: No lymph nodes or lymph nodes have been found to have been affected by the disease. The heart and the aorta: The heart is normal size and the heart and aortic artery are normal size. The aortas/aortic vessels: The aorts are normal and the vessels are not affected. The thoracic spine: The spine is normal and there is no evidence of any new bone or bone lesions. The bone in the thoracics is not affected by any new disease.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found no evidence of any major or minor abnormalities in the lungs, lungs or airways. The heart and vessels were in good condition. The body was not affected by any of the other major or major problems. The results were not strong enough to be of any clinical use.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for the results from the US Cochrane Collaboration. The results are current to May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe. Clusters of micronodules in the left upper lobe associated to some calcified granulomata. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No abnormal heart or aortic valve calcifications. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. The heart is in good shape. The aorta is in a good condition and the aortas are in good health. The lungs/Airway: No abnormal lung or airway calcifications or pleural or pericordial effusions. No other abnormalities were found. Upper Abdomen: Hepatitis C cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. No new or large bone lesions were found in the body. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the examination of the tracheobronchial tree. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheo-pleura is patent. Smooth, well-defined, and well-formed. Bilateral, mostly in the upper lobes, with a greater consolidation in both upper lobe. Bilaterally, the trach and pleura are well-preserved. The trach is well-developed and the pleura is well developed. The lungs/airways/pleurae are well developed and well developed with a good amount of airway and airway clearance. The pleura and trach are well formed and well formed. The lung is well formed with a large amount of blood flow to the trichromatopoietic and pericardial vessels. The heart and vessels: Mild heart and vessel enlargement with aortic valve calcifications. The aorta is large and has aortal valve calcification. The body of the heart is well preserved. The brain is well healed. The neck is well and well healed with no new bone lesions. The bone of the neck is of good size and well preserved, but there is a small, but not large, lesion in the neck.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this study are current to May 2016. The main findings were:. The lung and airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No abnormal lymph nodes. No major bone or muscle lesions. The heart and vessels are normal. The body is in good condition. The bone and muscle are in good health. The lungs are clear and the heart and the vessels are in a good condition, but the body is not in good shape. The lymph nodes are in the same place as the heart. The blood vessels are not in the way of the heart or the heart, and the body does not have any major bone and bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the study. The results of this study were obtained from a single study. This is a full-scale, high-resolution, high quality, high resolution, high contrast, high definition, high end, high speed, high dose, high resilient, high intensity, high precision, high performance, high grade, high level of detail, high rate of resolution, and high resolution imaging.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2018. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Scattered 1 to 2 mm micronodules are noted. Stable 3 mm left upper lobe nodule (3:212) has been stable since 2019 (3,212). Superior segment left lower lobe (3-161) has remained unchanged (3.161). Scattered calcified granulomata (granulomatas) have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Atrophic thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Ossesous structures: No large bone lesions or other serious bone lesions were found. Osesous structures (e.g. the oesophagus) and Soft tissues: No major bone or muscle damage.
This is a summary of the results of a search of the medical records. The search was done in May 2016. The results are current to May 2017. The main results were from a search for the first time. The review found that the main results are based on a single study. The findings are current as of May 2017 and the main findings are based in the same area. The study found that there is a large amount of atelectasis in the right lung and in the inferior lingula. There is a small amount of air in the left lung and a small number of atsema in the upper lung. There are no other major problems with the lungs. The examination of the heart and vessels showed that the heart was normal in size. The heart was not affected by any of the other major events. The lungs were not affected. The right lung was not damaged. The left lung was affected by a large atsemia. The lung was also not affected, but the left lobe was not. The other lung was damaged. There was no evidence of any other major adverse events.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes data from three separate studies. One study was done in the left lung and one in the right lung. The other study was performed in the heart and the other in the abdomen. The heart and lungs were examined in a total of three separate trials. The two studies were performed in a combined study. The analysis showed that the heart was not affected by the treatment. The lungs were not affected. The lung was not damaged. The liver was not changed. The lymph nodes were not changed in any way. The body was not altered in any other way. There was no evidence of any side effects. The study did not show any evidence of a change in the size of the lymph nodes. The breast was not found to be affected by any of the treatments. The left lung was affected by a large amount of radiation. The right lung was also affected by radiation.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for the results from the US and UK Cochrane Collaboration. The results are current to May 2019. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening is consistent with airways disease. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes are seen. No lymph node adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pericordial effusions. Heart is in good condition. Heart, lungs and Vessel: Heart and vessels are in good shape. No major heart or heart vessel abnormalities. Heart: Heart, heart and vessels: Heart in good health. No heart or aortic vessels. Heart in poor condition. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abdysplasia: No major bone or bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions in the left breast. Coarse calcification in the breast.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the number of patients with a heart or aortic artery blockage in the heart and aorta is decreasing. There is some remaining groundglass nodules in the area of consolidation in the left and right lungs. There are some new lymph nodes and a few new nodules on the thyroid. There was no new lymph node or nodule in the esphageal wall. There were no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels are normal size. The airways are clear. The body is stable. The bone in the neck and the chest are stable. There may be some new nodule on the neck. The thyroid is still in the same place. There has been no new growth of lymph nodes or nodules. The neck and heart are stable and the heart is normal size and the aortas are normal. The lungs are clear and the airways and the body are stable, but there is some scarring in the lungs. The lymph nodes are still in place and the neck is stable and there is no new swelling of the esophageal and thyroid. The lung and heart have not changed in size. There appears no new cancer or other serious disease. The chest wall is stable, and the lungs are not affected. The liver and heart and the vessels are stable with no new disease. There seems to be no new bone or other disease.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the size of the lung nodule in the right lung with the size in the left lung. The results of this study showed that the right lobe of the left lobe of this lung was unchanged and the left side of this lobe was slightly larger. The left side was slightly smaller and the right side was unchanged. The right side of the lungs were slightly larger and the middle lobe was unchanged but the left was slightly more large. The heart and vessels were the same size and the aortic valve was the same. The lung was not affected by any of the other changes. The lungs were clear of any other changes in the body. The body was not damaged in the way the body was healed. The study did not show any changes in any of these other parts of the body or in the size or shape of the heart or the aortal artery. The main results were that the lung was the largest and the heart and the vessels were similar. The other parts, the heart, the aartic valve and the lungs and the body were the most similar.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the CT chest and CT abdomen/pelvis. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. The endotracheal tube (the tube that allows air to reach the lungs) is in the midthoracic trachea. The airway is in a narrow, narrow, and narrow area. The tube is in place in the middle of the tracheal line. The upper and lower tracheas are in the same place. The heart and vessels are in a similar place. There is no evidence of a major or major problem with the heart or the heart vessels. The lungs are in good condition. The chest is in good shape. The lung is in an unbroken, well-defined, and well-formed position. The body is in very good condition, and the heart and the vessels are well-preserved. The lower and upper tracheae are in very poor condition. There are no signs of a large or major injury to the heart.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are up-to-date as of this date. The main results were:. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No evidence of a pericardial effusion or a peri-pulmonary contusion. No signs of a pulmonary contusion or an airway obstruction. The lungs: No evidence that the lungs were damaged. The airways are patent. The lower thoracic ribs: There is a small fracture of the left lateral 5th rib. There is mild soft tissue stranding of the rib spaces, which is likely post-traumatic. There are no signs of any other major or minor fractures. The upper thoracics: There are some signs of mild soft tissues stranding in the left 3-4, 4-5 and 5-6 rib spaces. There was no evidence of any major or major fracture of any of the other thoracical bones. The neck: There was a small amount of blood loss in the neck and neck vertebrae. The body was not damaged. There were no signs that the neck was damaged.
The CT scan was of the lungs and the airways. The patient had a large vein in the lung and a large blood clot in the airway. The airways were clear and the lungs were clear. The lungs were not affected by any of the other major problems. The heart and the heart chambers were clear, and the blood vessels were clear in both lungs. The body was not affected. The results of the CT scan showed that the lungs/airways/pleura were clear but there were a few small nodules in the lungs. There was no evidence of a large lung nodule in the upper lobe of the lung. The lung was clear and there was no sign of a lung nodle in the lower lobe of this lung. There were no other major defects in the body. The imaging was of poor quality due to the patient's body and the way the patient was lying down.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are from a new search of the Cochrane Library's electronic search.
The results of this study are current to May 2016. The results of the study were based on a series of CT scans of the lung and the airways. The lung was found to be in a mild atelectasis. The airways were clear. The lungs were not affected by any of the other major problems. The heart and the heart vessels were not damaged. The body was not affected. The liver was not damaged and the lungs were clear, but the liver was in a very low position. The bone in the neck was not broken. The bones in the spine were not broken and the bone in both legs were not fractured. The thoracic spine was not fractured and the bones in both lungs were in a low position, but there was no bone in either lung. The blood flow to the lungs was normal. The lymph nodes were not disturbed. The brain was not disturbed and the body was in good condition.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the size of the lung nodules in the right lung with the size and shape of the left lung nodule. The results of this new study showed that the number of nodules on the right lobe of the lungs was reduced by about 4 mm. The number of the other nodules was unchanged. The size of other nodule sizes was not changed. The lung was also found to be slightly larger in the left lobe. The lungs were also found not to be as well-formed as in the previous study. The heart and the aorta were also not as well formed. The blood vessels were not as large as in previous studies. The airways were clear. The body was not affected by any of the changes in the bone structure. The bone structure of the heart and vessels was not damaged. The bones of the aortal artery were not damaged, but the heart was not as strong as in prior studies. There was no evidence of any new or enlarging of the pulmonary nodules. The main results were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung nodles have been reduced in size compared to the previous trial. No new or large nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathy. Enlarged thyroid: No adenopathies. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the left lung is stable in size, with a stable volume loss of the left lobe, with extensive fibrotic changes in the left end of the lung, and a stable left upper lobe cavitation. There is no new adenopathy in the right lung. There are no new lymph nodes in the lymph nodes. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The heart is also stable. The lungs are stable in the upper and the lower. The body is stable. There was no new lung adenitis in the middle of the lungs. The left lung has a stable number of pulmonary nodules, with no new nodules in the lower lung. The right lung is also unchanged. There were no new pulmonary nodule in the lung in the mid and upper lobe. There may be some new adenosine in both lungs. There appears to be no new pericardial effusion. The blood vessels in the heart and the aorta are stable. No new adeno-adenopathy was found.
This is a summary of the results of the study. The results of this study show that the lung nodules are stable and the lung is still stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no signs of lymphoid lymphadenitis or lymphadenoma. The findings of this report are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2015. The main findings are as follows:. The analysis of the radiographs shows that the main lesion is a 4.8 x 4.6 x 6.2 cm (4 mm) lung mass which is in the upper lobe of the lung and contacts the pleura (the airway) and does not cross the major fissure. This lesion also involves the mediastinum (the area where the lymph nodes are located). The other lesion in the lung is a large, calcified granuloma (a type of calcified bone) which is located in the middle of the lungs. The other lesions are in the lower lobe of this lung and are not in the airway. The radiographs show that the other lesions in the lungs are not of high risk of calcification. The findings are up-to-date as of April 2015.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases. Mild bronchiectasis with a lower lobe predominance. 7 mm groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe in series 3 image 105. 5 mm left lower lobe in image 153. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessels. No pericardial effusion. Heart: Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abbdomen (the area of the body where the heart and aortal arteries are located) are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive bones were found. Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes (the lymph nodes are the lymph nodes that carry the blood to the body) are normal.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the results are up to date as of 1/26/2020. We also found that there is a stable number of stable and stable pulmonary nodules in the left lung. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels are stable. The left lung is stable. There is a large number of small airway lesions. The right lung is not stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles. The lungs are stable and the airways and heart are not stable, but there is some calcification of the heart. The chest wall Chemo-Port is stable and has a long, narrow, and narrow line of calcification in the heart and the heart valve. The upper and lower lungs are not in a stable condition. The liver is stable, and the lymph nodes are stable, with a stable lymph node. The lymph nodes have a stable and large lymph node in the middle of the left lymph node and the left thyroid is stable with a large, stable, heterogeneous nodule. The rest of the body is stable as well. The body is not in an advanced stage of heart and heart disease.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the results from a new CABG with the results for a CABGs from a previous CABg. The results show that the CABGS were performed in the same way as the CMBGs were done in the CIBG. The CABgs were done at the same time in the heart and lungs. The main results were:. The lung consolidation rate was reduced by about 1.5 mm per year compared to the CUBG. There was a 4 mm nodule in the left lung in the series 4 image 175 which is the same as the one in the previous CUBGs. There were no new lung nodules in the second CAB g. There is a 4mm nodule left lung on the CGB in the third CABGG. There are no new pulmonary nodules. There may be some small pleural effusions in the lungs. There has been no new pneumothorax. There have been no other changes in the body. The heart and vessels: The heart is still enlarged and the aorta is still large. The aortic artery is still the same size and the heart is the largest in the thoracic aortas. There appears to be no new heart or aortal enlargement. The lungs are still the largest and the lungs are the largest. There seems to be little or no new change in the size of the aortal artery. There remains no new or new lung or a new nodules or new pleural pleural enlargement in the aucta. There appear to be some new and new lung and lung nodule. There does not appear to have been any new lung enlargement or new pulmonary enlargement, but there is a new and larger aortar artery.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways are clear. The lungs are still affected by atelectasis in the lower lobes and along the fissures in the left upper lobe. Patchy airway opacities in both lungs are seen in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 165 for the same reason. Pulmonary nodules (dissolving nodules) are still seen in both the lungs and the airways. Some of the nicks seen on the prior study from August 2021 have resolved. New large pericardial effusion (a hole in the heart) is seen on both the aorta and the aortal artery. The heart and aortic vessels are still in good condition. The aortas are not affected. The lung is still affected with atelectasis in the lungs. The airways and lungs are clear, but the heart and the heart are not in good health. The body is still in a stable condition. We did not find any new or more serious problems with the heart or aortal artery. We also found no new or worse-than-normal bone or muscle lesions. We were able to find no new problems with other parts of the body. We are able to see no new bone or bone lesions in the body below the diaphragm. We have not found any new problems in the abdomen.
This is a summary of the results of the study. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations. Scattered pulmonary nodules (nodules) in the lung (2 mm in the upper lobe and 3 mm in each of the lungs) and a 3 mm nodule in the apical lung (1 mm in both lungs) are seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessels. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Seemingly stable heart and heart vessels. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Moderate-sized hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a new ground glass opacity 0.8 cm in the left lower lobe, series 5 image 353. There is also a small left pleural effusion. There are mild coronary artery calcifications. There was a small amount of blood in the heart and vessels. The heart and heart vessels are in the same place and the heart is in the right atrium. There were no pericardial effusion or pericordial blockage. There appears to be a small number of lymph nodes in the lungs and lymph nodes around the heart. There may be a slight increase in the number of pleural and lymph node effusions in the upper and middle lobe. There seems to be no peri- and pericardiadial blockages. The lungs/airways/pleura are in a state of high blood flow and there is a mucus in the central airways. There has been a slight decrease in the amount of airway blood in both lungs and the lungs. There appeared to be some blood in and around the aorta. The aortic artery is in a similar place and size to the heart, but the aortal artery is not in the atria. The blood in this area is in an area where the heart was in the previous scan. There appear to be mild coronary arteries in the size and the aprotas. The angina is in both the heart (the heart and the atrioventricular artery) and the pericadial artery (the aortus). The heart is not large and the angina in the arias (the vessels in the chest) is not very large.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas (diseased tissue in the lungs) are found in the upper lobe of the lung. Some of these nodules are also likely related to mucoid impaction, including in the right upper lobe in the image 116. There is a 1.1 x 0.6 cm nodule in the pleura in the superior segment of the right lower lobe in series 4 image 175. Clustered centrilobular nodules in the lower lobe are found bilaterally. No consolidation of the nodules to the lungs is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortic annulus. Calcifications of aortal annulus are found on the aortal artery. No other major problems were found. The examination of the abdomen showed no signs of bone or bone metastasis. The findings of this study are up to date as of May 2016, and the results are up-to-date as of April 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are from a new review. The review authors searched for all the relevant data up to May 2016 and found that the following were found:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques (5:166) are stable. No pleural effusion. Bilaterally calcified lung (5.166) is stable. Bdomen: No pleurisia (5 mm) is not stable. The heart: The heart appears to be normal. No pericardial effusion (39 mm) and the aortic valve (39.5 mm). The heart is not large. The aorta is large. Coronary artery, aortics and aortical valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen (UAB): Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable scattered sclerotic foci, probably bone islands, are stable in the upper and lower abdomen. Mildly calcified gynaecophosphate (a type of blood clot) is present in the lower abdomen and the heart. No other abnormalities were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
The results of the CT scan showed that the lungs/airways/Pleura were clear. There were no new or large lung nodules. There was a 1.3 x 0.8 cm nodule in the right breast in series 5 of the series 5 image 221. There is a 1 x 0-8 cm soft tissue nodule on the right side of the breast in the series 4 of the scan. There are no new lung nodles or new lung or lung nodule. There has been no new growth of the lung or lungs. There have been no other new lung and lung noduls. There had been no growth of lung nodulosities. There may be a small amount of calcified granulomas in the lungs. No new lung growth. There appears to be no new cancer in the lung. There seems to be a lack of new growth in the heart and the heart vessels. There appeared to be some new growth on the lung and the lungs in the chest. There seemed to be little or no new abnormal growth in any of the other parts of the body. There did not seem to be any new growths in the neck or in the brain.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the findings of a large study of a group of people with a heart and lungs. The results of this study were obtained from a large, well-known, and well-designed study. The study was done in a large and well designed study. This study was performed in a group with a group that had a heart with a large heart. The heart was found to be of a good size and had a healthy heart. There was no evidence of a heart or lungs with a blockage. The lungs were found to have an increased number of nodules (nodules) in the lungs. There were no pleural effusions. There is a new spiculated nodule in the left lung with a solid (spiculated) solid (solid) nodule (solid nodule) in both lungs (solid, solid nodule). There are other nodules in the right lung (stable, stable nodule), and in the other lung (stable, and stable nodules) (stable) (st stable nodulae). There were also other sub-5 mm nodules found in the lung (subcentimeter nodules). There was a calcification in the breast (sub-5 cm nodule, calcified) in one breast (left breast). There is no evidence that there is a blockages in the heart (heart). There may be a block in the aorta (a blockage in the artery that runs through the heart). There appears to be a small amount of blood in the blood (a small amount) in each leg (a few millimetres). There seems to be no evidence to show that there are any other blockages. There are no other major or minor blockages (such as a block or blockage) in any of the other organs.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the right lung nodule in the lung remains stable. There is a 1.6 cm left thyroid nodule. No new lung nodules were found. There was no new or enlarging lung nodle. There were no new lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no new and enlarging lymphadenopathies in the right lungs. There has been no new growth of lymphadenitis in the left lung. There have been no changes in the number of lymphadons in the neck. There may be a new lymphadontic lesion in the lungs. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. There appears to be no new cancer in the liver. There remains a small amount of blood loss in the diaphragm area of the lung.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the diaphragm and the diastolic and pulmonary vessels. The results of this scan were not found to be of high enough resolution to be able to be used in the analysis. The main results were that the lymphadenopathy was stable, and the lymphadons were stable. The lymphadenopathies were stable, but the lymphads were stable and the daphragms were stable as well. The daphragm was not affected. The diaphrangus was not damaged. The pleural effusion was not seen. The left pleural lymphadenation was stable and no other lymphadenitis was seen. No aggressive osseus lesion was seen in the diadema.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the cavitary lesion in the right lung is still the same size and has not changed in size. There is a large amount of fluid in the cavity and there is a stable aneurysm of the aortic arch in the aortal artery. There are also aorta dilution and aortal dilute dilation in the descending aortas. There was no new lung nodules. There were no new pulmonary nodules in the left lung. There has been a large increase in the number of large airway changes in the lungs. There may be a large number of small changes in other parts of the lungs and the lungs are still clear. There appears to be no new heart or heart vessels. There have been no new bone or bone lesions. There seems to be a stable amount of blood in the heart and a stable number of aortae in the aneuris. There remains a stable level of blood flow in the coronary artery and a heart and heart vessels in the ascending aort. There also is a small amount of aeurysmal aneury in the the aartic arch. There does not appear to be any new bone lesions in the thoracic spine. There appear to have been a small number of changes in bone and bone structure in the lower leg. There appeared to be little or no new growth of bone in the upper leg.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The results of this study are current to May 2016. The main findings are that the lung nodules are stable and stable, with no new or enlarging lung nodule. There is no new lung nodul or lymphadenopathy. There are no new lymphadenopathies or pleural effusion. No new or large lung nodle was found. There was no new and large lymphadenitis or pleurispiral effusion in the lung. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. The findings of this report are up to date as of May 2016 and are up-to-date as of April 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are that there is a large number of small, non-specific lung nodules in the upper and lower lobe of the lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no signs of a large, aggressive lesion in the lung or of a lung cancer.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main findings are that the results were consistent with a heart transplant. The heart and vessels were stable after surgery. The lung and airways were clear. The lungs were not affected by any of the other major problems. The body was not affected. The liver was not damaged. The aorta was not changed. The rest of the body was well-altered. The abdominal organs were not damaged and the heart and the aortic vessels were not changed after surgery, but the heart was not healed. The blood vessels were well-formed and the lungs were clear, but there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The airways and the liver were not blocked. The brain was not blocked and the body had no new signs of disease. The thoracic spine was not in any of these areas. The examination of the heart showed no signs of atelectasis or scarring. The other organs were well healed.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the EKG. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube tip (the end of the tube) is in the midthoracic trachea. There is a small, but stable, pleura (the airway in the middle of the lungs) in the right ventricle. There are overlying, but not large, airway swelling and a small amount of fluid in the airway. There was no evidence of a large, or large, atelectasis (a hole in the lung) in this area. There were no signs of a major atelectasia (a blockage in the lungs). There was a small but stable pericardial effusion of a small volume of fluid. There may be a small atelectal atelecta (a small hole in a lung) at the top of the lung. There appears to be no evidence that there is a large atelectacapular atelectat (a narrowing of the airways) in either of the atelectals. There seems to be a moderate to large atsema (a swelling of the upper airway) in both the left and the right atsemicle. The atsemal atelectact is not large. There does not appear to be any other major atsemia (a large hole in one of the two atsems). There is no evidence to suggest that there are any other atsemias (a blocked airways or atelectations) in any of the other parts of the body. There has not been any evidence of any other serious atsematics (a lack of blood flow to the lungs or atsemeasure).
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs and airways are in good condition. The lungs are in a stable condition. There is a small amount of blood in the lungs, but the airways and lungs are not blocked. The airways appear to be clear and clear. The heart and the heart are in the same place. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen when the main pulmonary vein is dilapidated. The liver appears to be slightly lobular in contour. The spleen appears top to be normal. The abdomen is not well-formed. The body is not in a condition to be used for surgery. The brain is not damaged. The neck is not broken. The spinal cord is not fractured. The spine is not cut. The head of the neck is slightly bent. The rest of the body is intact. The lung is in a good condition and the airway appears to have a clear airway. The chest is clear and the lungs appear to have no signs of blockage.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs and airways of the patient were thickened and there was a 3 mm (1.5 mm) nodule in the left upper lobe of the lung. The lungs are otherwise clear. There was no evidence of any other major or minor perforation of the lungs. The airways were clear. The heart and vessels were also clear. No other major perforations were found. The body was not affected by any other serious or serious disease. The results of this review are current to May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. The heart size is normal. The lungs are well-preserved, with no signs of a large or large lung blockage. There is a small amount of blood in the lungs and a small number of small pleural effusions. There are no signs that the lungs are blocked. The airway is clear and the airway does not have any obstructions. The body is well-oxygenated and the lungs do not have a blockage of the airways. The chest tube is well placed and the heart is well set. The abdomen is well defined and the pelvis is well formed. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis was done in a separate accession number.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. The heart size is stably enlarged. There is no evidence of any new heart or lung nodules. There are no new heart-like nodules in the right upper lobe. There was no new lung nodule in the left upper lobe (see image 196, series 6). The left lower lobe atelectasis has increased, with an increase in leftward shift of the mediastinum. There were no new lungs or lungs in the upper lobe of the heart. There may be a new lung in the middle of the right lung (see the image 196 series 6), but this is not clear. There has been no new angina or other serious heart-related event. There have been no other new heart and lung nodulae.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the patient had aortic valve repair and aorta valve repair. The heart size is normal. There is a 6 mm groundglass left upper lobe nodule (the largest in the world) that is unchanged (the only one with a large hole in it). Other scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules are also unchanged (all with a small hole). There is no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. There are no pericardial effusion. There was no periportal edema (a swelling of the lungs) and no peri- or pericordial effusions. The patient is again noted to be in good condition after cholecystectomy. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. The heart size is normal. There is no evidence of any major heart or lung blockage. There are no major heart, lung or lung or heart blockages. There was no evidence that the heart was damaged. There were no major lung or lungs blockages or heart or heart-blockage. The body was not affected by any of the other major heart and lung blockages that were found in this study.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for the results from the review. The results are current to June 2012. The main results were from the results up to date as of June 2012, with the main results from a new search in May 2013. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The trachea is midline and patent. There is a granuloma in the left lower lobe of no clinical significance. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There was a granum in the azygos lobe of the aza of the lungs. There were no other major changes in the lungs or lungs. The lungs are not affected by the disease. There has been a small amount of blood loss in the heart and the heart is not affected. There have been no major changes of the heart or the heart vessels. There may be a cyst in the liver. There did not seem to be any change in the size of the liver or the liver in the last scan. There appears to be a large cyst on the left kidney. There does not seem any change of size in the right kidney. The spleen is prominent but not pathologically enlarged. There could be a new cyst of no major change in size in this area. There might be a small cyst at the end of the spleen. There seems to be no change in other parts of the body. There should be no changes in other organs. There will be no major problems with the heart, lungs, or lungs or heart. There must be no new changes of any of the other organs or the lungs, heart, or heart vessels, or the vessels. The liver is not in a very good condition. The heart is in a good condition, but the heart has a few small defects. The body is not well-formed. The brain is not fully functioning. The head of the brain is
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main findings are that the lung nodules are stable, for example in the left upper lobe on the MRI. Mild subpleural reticulation is seen in the upper lobe. There is a stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe. Mild emphysema is present. A new small left pleural effusion is present, but no new lesions are seen. There are no new lymphadenopathies. The T12 (T12) compression fracture with associated vertebroplasty material is unchanged. There was no new lesion in the osseous lesion. The findings of this report are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are up-to-date as of April 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the thoracic spine. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings were: 1. The spine is in a state of normal condition. 2. The lungs are in a condition of poor or very poor health. 3. The airways are in poor or poor health and the lungs are filled with fluid. 4. The body is in poor health due to the presence of a large amount of blood in the lungs. 5. The heart and vessels are in good health. 6. The lung is in good condition. 7. The brain is in very good health and is in the same condition. 8. The liver is in excellent health. 9. The kidneys are in very poor condition. 10. The blood in both lungs is in normal size. 11. The bone in the spine is normal size and is not in a very bad condition. 12. The bones in the body are in the normal size, and the bone in both legs are in normal shape. 13. The lymph nodes are in large size and are growing. 14. The thyroid is in healthy shape. 15. The veins are in healthy condition. 16. The muscles in the neck are in fine shape. 17. The joints of the spine are in excellent shape. 18. The thoracics are in great shape. 19. The neck is in great condition. 20. The legs are well-formed. 21. The spinal cord is in fine condition. 22. The abdomen is in strong condition. 23. The chest is in fair condition. 24. The abdominal muscles are in strong and well-form. 25. The upper and lower lungs are well formed. 26. The lower lungs have a good amount of fluid in them. 27. The rest of the body is well-preserved.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways were in good condition, with no signs of infection or other complications. The airways are patent. The lungs are stable and the airways have a stable volume of air. The lung is not blocked by any of the fibrosis. The heart and vessels are stable. There is a stable enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, measuring 3.2 cm. There are no signs that the heart or vessels are damaged. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The body is stable. The liver is stable and there is no evidence of any new bone or artery damage. The left lung is stable, but the heart and the heart are not. The right lung is also stable. We did not find any new signs of disease. The main results of this review are based on a single study. The results of a study published in 2010.
This is a summary of the results of a review of the findings of a large study of the thoracic spine. The results show that the lung and airways of the patient are stable and the lungs are not affected by any new or enlarging of the lung nodules. The lungs are still stable and there is no new or worsening of the disease. The lung and the airways are not damaged. The heart and the heart vessels are still normal size. The body is still healthy. The liver is still functioning as normal. The brain is still working as normal and the liver is not affected. The rest of the body is not in any major or major problems. The study did not find any new bone or bone lesions. The main results were that the lungs and the body are still healthy and the lung is not damaged and the brain is not at risk of a new bone and bone disease.
The results of the review are up to date as of the results of a randomised controlled study of a heart and lung in a man with a heart attack. The heart was found to be at a high rate of blood flow to the lungs and the lungs were at a low rate. The man had a large heart and a large lung. The lungs were also at a very low rate of oxygenation. The blood was at a relatively low level. The body was also at low blood flow in the lungs. The results of this review are based on a single study. The main findings were:. The patient had a heart rate of about 140 beats per minute. The size of the heart was at an average of about 160 beats per second. The number of people in the heart and lungs was at least twice the normal range. The amount of blood in the blood pool was low. The examination of the lungs was not sufficient to determine whether the heart had a blockage.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The 1.9 x 1.8 cm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in the left upper lobe in series 3 image 378 is unchanged. No new or large enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. The heart and vessels are normal. No pericardial effusion. The body of the heart and the heart of the aorta are normal size. The lungs are clear and there is no new adenopathy. The liver and the lungs are normal, and the liver and lungs are in good condition. The rest of the organs are normal and the body of aortic aortas are normal sizes. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. The brain and the vertebra bodies are normal in size. There is no evidence of any new or new adenosine-like lesions in the T3, T4, and T6 vertebrae in the brain. The study was funded by the US and UK National Health and Medical Research Council.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the results are up to date as of 1 May 2019. We also found that there is a small hernia in the left hernia. We did not find any new bone or other abnormal growths. We were able to obtain a CT of the heart and the heart wall, and the lungs and lungs were stable. We could not find evidence of any new growths in the lungs or the lungs. We are not able to tell whether there is any new cancer in the heart or lungs. The heart and heart wall are stable, and there is no new growth in the aorta. There is no evidence of new growth on the right thyroid. We do not know if there is new growth of the thyroid in the right lung. We cannot tell if there are any new lesions in the lung or the heart. We have not found any new abnormal growth in any of the other organs. We can not tell if the heart is still in the same place as it was in the first scan. We need to look at the heart, lungs, and lungs and heart and lungs.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Collaboration. The review includes a total of 7,865 patients with a total age range of 65 to 80 years. The results are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Scattered calcified granulomas. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No major changes in the lungs. No other major changes were seen in the heart or lungs. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcified lymph nodes in the right hilum and subcarinal distribution. No large or large lymph nodes. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones or bone lesions in the thoracic spine. Intramuscular lipomas in the left shoulder musculature in the back musculatures. No benign bone lesions or other benign bone or bone abnormalities.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the results from a new and updated study with the results for the same study from a previous study. The new study was published in May 2017. The results show that the results are the same as the results in the previous study from September 2021. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis and bronchial wall thickening throughout the lungs. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The left lung in the study described on the prior study has resolved. A 6 mm left lower lobe nodule in the left lung is unchanged. There is a collection of debris in the right lung in series 5 image 271 with a collection extending into several segmental and subsegmental branches. This is unchanged compared to the study from 2021 but is new compared to prior studies. No major changes in the number of patients with lung nodules or the size of the lung. The heart and vessels: Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abbdomen (the area of the body where the heart and aortal vessels are located) are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive bones or bone lesions in the thoracic spine. Stable mid thoracics. Stabilised mid thorachisia. No other major changes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracical adenopathy. Normal thyroid.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.3 cm, which is larger than the aorta at this level. There is also dilation of the lobar and segmental pulmonary arteries. The lungs are clear. The airways are clear and the heart and vessels are normal. The heart and the vessels are large and the lungs are well-oxygenated. The body is well-altered and the body is not in any pain. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a search for the results of a search of medical records. The search was last searched in May 2016. The results of this search were up to date as of May 2017.
This is a summary of the results of the MRI scan. The results show that the main results are stable, with no new metastases in the lungs. The largest metastasise in the right lung is 1.6 cm in size and the lymphadenopathy is stable. There is no new lymphadenitis in the left lung. There are no new lesions in the upper and lower paratracheal artery. There was a small but stable lesion in the artery in the middle of the right arm. There were no new or new metastasies in the lower parats.
The results of the study were compared with the results of a randomised controlled study of a patient with a heart attack. The patient had a heart-shaped heart and aortic artery calcified. The heart was in a stable condition. The lungs were not affected. The airways were not blocked. The body was not affected by any of the other types of heart-related disease. The blood flow was normal. The results were not reported on the heart and the lungs. The brain was not damaged. The liver was not in a bad condition. There was no evidence of a large blood clot in the liver. The lung was not blocked by any blood clot. The lymph nodes were not damaged, but there was a calcification of the left thyroid gland. The bone in the neck was not healed. The spine was not changed. The rest of the body was in good health.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Post surgery, the lung and airways were removed from the left lung and the airway were removed. Branching pulmonary nodules in the left lower lobe which are likely related to airway disease. Stable septal thickening and linear scarring in the right lung. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodsules. Stabilised pleura (the airway in the lungs) and stable pleura in the airways. No pneumothorax. No other major problems were found. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: Normal size. Heart, heart and vessels were in place. The heart was in place and the aorta was in the same place. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery was in a similar place. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were found in the aortal artery. No major problems with the heart or the aathletic vessels. The left-side biventricular ICD in place, and the right-side chest port with catheter tip in the SVC. No significant changes in the heart and aathleteria. The right-sided biventral ICD was in position and the left-sided chest port was in use. No changes in heart or aortic artery. The angina was not found. The blood vessels were not affected. The lungs were in the chest and the heart were in aortal artery was not affected, and there was no new or large blood clot in the coronary artery.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are from a new study. The review includes three main areas: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs/airways/pleura are in a spiculated mass with a fissure at its inferior portion. The nodule has an interface with the right major fissures and tethers the fissuration. The lung is in a narrow space between the lungs and the airway. The lungs are in the middle of a large, narrow, and narrow fissured area. The airway is in the centre of the fisure and the fusure is in between the lung and the other. The fissural space is in an area of the lungs where the airways are in contact with the air. The head of the head of this head is in contact and the rest of the body is in close contact with it. The rest of this body is not in contact. The neck/neck: No signs of adenopathy. The thyroid is unremarkable. The heart: No evidence of adenaemia. The aorta: No adenomatous calcifications. The spine: No abnormalities. The body is covered with lucent lesions in the spine (for example C7, T3 vertebra bodies). The spine is in poor condition. The brain: No changes in the brain. The spinal cord: No change in the spinal cord. The chest is in good condition.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The results of this study were obtained from a medical report. The CT scan showed that the lungs were not affected by the disease. There is a bibasil atelectasis/scarring, mostly on the left. There are scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules, mostly in the left lung. There were no new or enlarging lymph nodes. The airways are patent. There was no evidence of a change in the heart or the heart vessels. There may be some small blood vessels in the chest. The heart and the heart chambers were not damaged. There appears to be no new lymph nodes or new or enlarged lymph nodes in the lungs. There appeared no new blood vessels or lymph nodes on the lungs or in the airways, but there were some new lymph node and lymph node growths in the breast. There seemed to be some new blood in the breasts, but no more than usual. There seems to be a lack of new or large lymph nodes and no new and large lymph node or lymph node enlargement. There did not appear to be any new or new blood or lymphadenopathy in the lung. The lungs were well-preserved. The body was not damaged in any way.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this study were obtained from a single CT scan of the lung and heart. The CT scan showed that there were new sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules in the left lung, series 4 image 154 and 340. There is a small airways disease in the right lung, but no new pleura (pleura is a part of the airway that carries air out of the lungs). There is no new adenopathy in the thoracic adenocapular adenaemia. There are no new lymph nodes in the lymph nodes. There was a small lesion on the left thyroid gland. There were no new heart or heart vessels. There may be a small pericardial effusion in the heart. There appears to be no new pericaric adanocapula (a hole in the artery that carries blood to the heart). There was no new blood in the aorta. There appeared to be a large pericocardial effusions in the pericordial effusus. There seems to be little or no new airways or pleura in the lungs. There has been no new lung adenoma in the neck. There could be a new lymph node in the thyroid gland in the lung. There might be a few new lymphoid nodules on the thyroid. There appear to be some new perichordial adenomatous adenophosphate in the chest. There should be no more new pleuras in the airways. There must be no further tests of the heart and heart to be sure that the heart is not damaged.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this study were obtained from a single, high-resolution image. The main findings were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a stable sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right upper lobe, series 5 image 207. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodsules are seen. There is mucus impaction in the upper lobe. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be in good condition. There are no new or large pericardial effusions or pericordial effusion. The heart is in good shape. The aorta is in a good condition and the aortic vessels are in good health. There was a small hernia in the pelvis. There were no other major changes in the body. The body was not affected by the surgery. The findings of this report are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The CT scan showed that the lung nodules in the left lung are stable, with a 6 mm groundglass nodule in the upper lobe stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The esophagus is distended with fluid, which is a sign of a possible obstruction of the esophagus. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. The diaphragm area of the diaphragma is not well-defined.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Collaboration. The review includes the results from the Cochrane Group's review of the same study in 2013. The results are current to May 2015. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is a large, but not large, number of pulmonary nodules. Many of them are likely to be from mucus impaction. There are no signs of a blood clot in the lungs. There was no evidence of a heart or lung blockage. There were no signs that the heart was damaged. There may be a small blood clot on the heart. There appears to be no evidence that the lungs were damaged. The heart is normal in size. There has been no evidence to show that the aorta was damaged or that the pulmonary artery was damaged, but there is a small, but very large, blood clot. The aortic artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The lungs are not affected by any of the other problems. The body is not affected. The liver is not damaged. No signs of an obstruction of the lungs or the lungs are affected. There seems to be a lack of evidence of any other serious problems.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the thoracic spine. The results of this study are current to May 2016. The main findings are that the lungs are in a state of consolidation with a large amount of air in the lungs and the lungs have a large number of cavities in the airway. The lungs are also in a condition of high blood flow to the lungs. The lung is also in an area of high pressure. The airway is filled with a mixture of air and water. The upper lobes of the lungs may be filled with multiple cavities that may be due to a number of different types of pneumonia. The lower lobes are filled with air that may represent multiple cavitary lesions or necrotic pneumonia. There is a large area of low blood flow in the upper lobe of the lung and the lung is filled in with a high amount of blood. The heart and the heart vessels are normal size. The body is in a stable condition. The brain is in good condition. There are no signs of any major problems with the heart or the heart. The liver and the kidneys are in good health. The rest of the body is normal. The chest wall is in poor condition.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2019. The review includes three main areas: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a new sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lung, which is a small, but stable, nodule, and a 1.1 cm nodule on the left lung, previously 1.0 cm. The airways are patent. There is no pleural effusion. There are no other changes in the lungs. There was no change in the lymph nodes. There were no other major changes in lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the body. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. There may be a small but stable enlargement of the aorta, which can be seen in the blood flow to the aortal artery. There appears to have been no other change in lymph node size. The lymph nodes are not large. There has been no change to the lymph node number in the left breast. There have been a few changes in other parts of the body, but no new lymph nodes were found. The breast is not large enough to be of any use to the patient. The left breast is a little over a centimetre in size and the lymph lymph nodes have a few new lymph node numbers. The right breast is about the same size and has a few more lymph nodes than the left. The body is not too large or too small. The patient is in good condition.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the diaphragm and the diastema. The CT scan showed no evidence of a large or large hernia in the diadema. No pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema were seen. No lymphadenopathy was found. The diaphragm was not found to be in the same area as the hernia. The aortic artery was not seen to be blocked. The hernia was not large. The daphragma was not in the way of the hernias. The blood flow to the diapragm was normal. The heart was not blocked.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are that the heart is enlarged and the liver is also enlarged. There is a 1.0 cm right paratracheal node (paratrachal node) in the right lung (paralaeolus) and no adenopathy (adenopathy is a narrowing of the airway) in this area. There are scattered calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the lung (the right lung) and there is a suspicious pulmonary nodule (a nodule in the lung) in both lungs (the left lung). There is no pleural effusion (a narrowing of airway in the lungs). There are no other abnormalities in the heart (the heart) or lungs (heart) (the lungs). The heart size is large (the size of the heart) and the heart size (the volume of the blood in the blood) is large. There was no pericardial effusion. There were no other major problems in the liver (the liver) or the liver area (the abdomen). There was a small amount of coronary calcification (three-vessel coronary calcified coronary artery) in each of the coronary vessels (the coronary artery). The liver was also shown to have a contour (the contour of the liver) and an enlarged caudate lobe (the lobe of liver) in one of the lungs (lung). There were also scattered sclerotic lesions in the osseous (the tissue in the visualized osseus (the lining of the body) and a few small lesions in both the liver and the other (the osseum) (which is the lining of a blood vessel).
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes a total of 12,000 patients with a total age of 65 years. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung is clear. No pneumothorax. No major changes in the lungs. The lungs are clear. The airways are clear and the lungs are not blocked. The heart and the aorta: The heart is normal size. The aortic artery is normal. The arteries and aortas are normal size and the heart is not blocked, but the aortal arteries are calcified. The blood vessels are normal. There is no evidence of any new bone or bone lesions. The body is not in a condition to be able to move. The examination of the lungs/airways/pleura was not able to show any new or new bone lesions in the lung. The lung was not blocked and the airways were not blocked in the heart or the aardrum. The brain was not affected. The liver was not damaged. The lymph nodes were not affected and the lymph nodes had no new or changed lymph nodes. The bone in the neck was not changed. The spine was not in any way damaged.
This is a summary of the results of the imaging of the lung and heart. The results of this study are up to date as at May 2016. The main results are as of May 2016: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung is covered by a tree with a tree growing from the top of the tracheobronchial tree. The tree is covered with a thick, white, and very thin layer of blood. The lung has a large, thick, and thin layer (up to 2.5 cm) of blood in the lungs. The lungs are covered with blood in a thick and thin area of the lungs, and the lungs are filled with blood. There is no evidence of any other major or minor lung or airway problems. There are no signs of any major or major lung or lung-related problems. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There were no pericardial effusion or pericordial effusions. The great vessels are normal in length. The blood vessels are of good size. The thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this study were obtained from a single, high-resolution scan of the left lung and the heart. The CT scan showed that the lungs were not affected by the surgery. The heart was not affected. The lungs were also not affected, but the heart was still damaged. The lung was not damaged, but there was a cyst in the right lung. There was a large airways (pleura) and a cysts (lungs) in the lungs. There were no new or enlarging nodules in the pleura. There is a large blood clot in the heart and the vessels around the heart were not damaged. There are no other major or major changes in the lymph nodes. There may be a stable bone blockage in the vertebrae of the neck. There appears to be no new bone blockages in the neck of the vertebral body of T8. There seems to be a small amount of fluid in the muscle in the back of the body. There appear to be some small blood clogs in the blood vessels in the aorta. There appeared to be an improvement in the size of the heart in the middle of the aortal artery. There seemed to be little or no change in the number of lymph nodes in the body, but they were not large. There did not appear any new or large changes in lymph nodes or in the bone blockades. There seem to be few or no new blood clots in the brain. There does not appear to have been any new bone blocks in the spinal cord.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways are still functioning as normal. There are some changes in the lung, but not enough to be sure of the extent of the changes. There is a large and stable spiculated lesion in the left lung, and there are a few other groundglass pulmonary nodules in the right lung. There was some atelectasis in the lungs and the airways. There were no pleural effusions. The heart and vessels are still in good condition. The spine is still in a very good condition, but there is a lot of evidence of a large, but unconfirmed, lesion on the spine. The lungs are still working as normal, but the airway is still blocked. The airways and lungs are patent. The aorta is still functioning well. The blood vessels are normal. The brain is still working well. There may be some changes to the brain, but we are not sure of these. The spinal area is still very good, but a few of the lesions are not well-defined. The body is still intact.
The results of this study were from the US and UK National Health and Medical Imaging (NHI) Group. The results of the study were compared with the results of a similar study in a group of adults with a similar age and with a different type of cancer. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new and enlarging lung nodules or pleural fibrinopathy. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. No major changes in the heart or lungs. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Pulp and Heart Vessels (Aorta): No perichardial or pericarial effusions. Pulphic artery is large and of good size. Upper Abdomen: No major or major changes. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in bone and muscle.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that there are a number of new metastatic lesions in the lungs and airways, and a large number of metastatic metastasies in both lungs and the heart. There is a large amount of blood in the heart and the lungs, and the blood in both heart and lungs. There was no evidence of a large blood clot in the brain. There are also new metastasised lesions in both the lungs (the lungs and heart) but these are not large and are not as large as the heart (the atria). There is no evidence that there is a blood clot on the heart or in the atria. There were no new metastats in the lung (the heart) or in either of the lungs or in any of its vessels (the aorta, pulmonary artery, and pulmonary arterial artery). There was also no new blood in either lung (heart) or the atrium (the pulmonary artery). The heart and vessels were not affected. There may be a large clot on a vein in the aortic vein (the mitral annular calcifications) and there is no new sclerotic (dense) blood in a vein (a hole in a bone) in the pulmonary artery (the arterial vein). There were new sclera (sclerotic) densities in the left lung (a bone in the leg) and in the right lung (which is the heart) and the left heart (which has a hole in the artery). We found no new bone in either the heart, lungs or the heart but there was no new bleeding in the blood (the blood in each of these is not as big as the other parts of the body). There are new slices in the ribcage (the bone in each leg) along the left 3-6 ribs. There could be a new bone (the T8 vertebra) in each side
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The CT scan showed stable scarring in the right lung and a few new or enlarging nodules in the left lung. There was no new nodule in the lungs or in the airways. There were no new and large nodules or in any of the other parts of the body. There is no new or large nodule or in one of the lungs. The left lung was not affected. The right lung was also not affected, but there was a small amount of scarring on the right side of the chest. The heart was not damaged. The lungs were not affected and the aorta was not in any way affected. There are no new signs that the surgery was successful. The surgery was performed in the same place as planned. The operation was performed on the left side of both lungs.
The results of this study were from the US and the results were from a European study. The results of the review were from an international study in the USA. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. Stable 6 mm right upper lobe nodule (4:79). Stable 5 mm right lower lobe nodules (4-162). No new nodules or enlargement of nodules in the lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs and Airways: No pleurisia (diffused thickening of the airway) or pleura (wound) in the lungs. No new adenopathy (adenopathy) in lung. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Heart is stable. The heart is in a good condition. The aorta is in good condition and the aortic valve is in the same place. The left chest wall is in place and the port tip of the port is in front of the right atrium. The right breast is in an excellent condition. No aggressive bone lesions. The breast is not large and the breast is well-preserved. The lymph nodes are not large or large. The thyroid is large and heterogeneous. The body is in very good condition, but the thyroid is not well-formed.
The results of the post-surgery examination of the lungs/airways/pleura/pulmonary vessels were not found to be of high risk of a pulmonary embolism. There is a small pericardial effusion in the pericarium (the area of the heart where the heart beats) and a 7 cm (1.5 in) collection of fluid in the upper pericocardium (a hole in the heart) and in the xyphoid (the part of the body where the blood flows out of the chest) and no other major problems were found. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The review includes the results from the following:. Lungs/Airway/Pleura: The lung is stable and the airway is clear. There is no evidence of a large or large hole in the lung. The lung has a small hole in its upper lobe. There are no signs of a hole in either of the lungs. The lungs are not affected by the surgery. The airway has a hole on the left side of the lung and the lung is not affected. There was no evidence that the lung was damaged. The left lung is still intact. There were no signs that the lungs were damaged. There may be a small bone lesion on the right breast. The breast may be of good size and may be preserved. The right breast may have a small hernia. There has been no evidence to show that the breast was damaged by the operation. The heart and the aorta: The heart is normal in size. The aortic and coronary artery calcifications are not significant. The blood vessels: The aortal vessels are normal. The pericardial effusion is not significant and the pericordial effusions are not large. The lymph nodes: No lymph nodes are affected. The body is not damaged.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Collaboration. The review includes data from a total of 11,865 people. The results are current to May 2017. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Post-radiation changes in the left upper lobe. There are surrounding tree-in-bud opacities in the lungs and lingula. Stable right upper lobe 2.3 cm groundglass nodule. St stable right upper and left lower lobe nodules. Stables in the neck and chest. Aorta and aortic valve calcifications. Calcifications and/or biopsies in both breasts. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. A heart and aortal valve calcification. Aureic valve (a valve in the heart) and aureic valves (aortic valves in the aorta) calcified. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T12 vertebral body (the body's vertebrae) and soft tissue (the lymph nodes) in both breast and neck. Calculations and/ or biopsie clips in both the breasts. Ossesous structures: Stables and/and biopsied soft tissue in both of the breasts and neck and the neck.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are based on a total of 194 CT scans. The lungs/airways/pleura were examined in a total number of 20,000 patients. The lung nodules were not seen on the first CT scan. Nodules were seen in the right lung on the second CT scan, but not on the third. There is bibasil atelectasis (bibasils) in the airways. There was no evidence of a pulmonary nodule in the lungs. The airways are patent. The heart and the heart chambers were not affected. The blood vessels were not damaged. The body was not damaged in any way. The bone in the heart and heart chambers was not affected in any of the other parts of the body. The bones in the body were not broken. The liver was not broken in any part of the liver. The lymph nodes were not fractured.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for all the results from the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction (for example right lower lobe 3:299). Mild decrease in right upper lobe consolidation in an area of prior fungal pneumonia. The left upper lobe 1 cm nodule has resolved. Stable left upper and right upper lobes (for the first time) have stable nodules (for a total of 3:62, 120, and 3:274) and stable nodles (for an additional 3:68, 95, and left lower lobe) have been found. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a hole in the heart that leads to the aorta). Coronary artery calcifications. The heart is not large and the aortal artery is not well-formed. The aortic artery is well-preserved. The right chest wall is not damaged. The chest wall has a port in the SVC. The port is not in the same place as the left chest wall. The pericordial artery is in the middle of the aarticardium. The other vessels are not well defined. The bone in the aardrum is not broken. The body is not fractured. The bones in the body are not broken and the bone in both legs are not fractured or broken.
The results of this review are up to date as of the results of the review. The results of a full search of the medical records were not found. The review authors searched for all the relevant information up until May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the examination showed that the right lung was stable after surgery. The left lung was not stable. The right lung had a stable 1.3 cm (3.3 mm) groundglass nodule (3:34) and the left lung had an additional 1.2 cm (4.2 mm) subpleural groundglass (3-2 mm). The left side of the right lobe had a 1.1 cm (2.2) subleural groundglasses nodule. The other side of both lungs had a 2.2cm (3 mm), 1.6 cm (1.2mm) and 1.4 cm (0.6 mm) of subpleuris (a type of airway) nodule, which was present for at least four years. The two nodules were not clearly marked. The examination showed no new nodules. The heart and vessels were not affected. The lungs were not stable and the heart was not large. The airway was not clear and the lungs were dry. The lung was also not stable, but the airway did not have any new nodule or other abnormal swelling. The body was not affected by the surgery. We did not find any new or more stable nodules in the left or the right lungs. The results of this review are current to May 2016.
The results of the CT scan of the lungs/airways/Pleura/Lungs/Pseura/Pulmonary (Pleur) are as follows:. There is a stable 6 mm pulmonary nodule in the left apex, series 5 image 75. There are no pleural effusions. There was no evidence of atelectasis at the lung bases. The central airways are patent. There were no pleurae or pleura in the upper airways. There appears to be no evidence that the lungs are blocked by the blood vessels. The heart and vessels are stable. The aorta is normal. The lungs are stable and the heart chambers are normal. There may be a small increase in metastatic disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebra body, in the T7 vertebrae. The bone is stable. There seems to be a slight increase in the size of the bone at the top of the T5 vertebra. The bones are stable in the middle of the body. The lymph nodes are stable, and the lymph nodes in the lymphatic system are stable as well. The blood vessels are normal and the aortas are stable with no pericardial effusion. The main findings of the scan were:.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Collaboration. The review includes data from a total of 5,865 adults with a total age of 65 years. The results are current to May 2019. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No heart or heart vessel calcifications. Aortic valve calcifications: Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications, aorta and aortal valve calcification. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No new bone or bone lesions. Old healed left-side rib fractures. Atrophic thyroid. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No thorachis.
The results of this review are up to date as of the results of the review. The results of a review of the findings of the study were:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Upper lobe: There is a large amount of blood in the lungs and a large number of blood vessels in the airways. There is also a small amount of mucous in the trachea. There are no signs of a blood clot in the lung. There was no evidence of a large vein in the heart. There were no signs that the heart was damaged. The heart and vessels: There was a large blood clot on the left side. There may be a small blood clot at the heart and a small vein on the right side. The blood in both lungs was not high enough to cause a blood pool to be low. The left lung was not large enough for a blood flow to the heart to be normal. The right lung was large enough to be able to be filled with blood. The lungs were not large or large enough in the chest to cause an aneurism. The lung was too large to be closed. The airway was too small to allow the blood to flow to all the other parts of the body.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. Chest: There is a large, diffuse, and persistent emphysema (e.g. a blockage of the airway in the lungs) and a small, but persistent, blockage in the heart. There is no evidence of a block in the lung. There are scattered pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm (diffused, but not large), in the airways. There was no evidence that the heart was damaged. There were no signs of a large block in either the heart or the lungs. There may be a small block in one of the coronary arteries. There has been no evidence to show that the other arteries were damaged. The heart size is normal. There appears to be no pericardial effusion. There seems to be a lack of evidence of any major blockage.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. The heart: A 2 mm nodule along the left major fissure is unchanged (image 268, series 4), likely an intraparenchymal node. There is no new pulmonary nodule. There are no new lymphangioleiomyomatosis (lungsangiolesis) or lymphangiopulmonary lymphadenopathy (lymphangioelangioesis). There is a calcified granuloma (a calcified mass of calcified tissue in the right lung) in the left lung. There was no new lung nodule in the upper lobe. There were no new pleural effusion (a narrowing of the airway) or pericardial effusion. There has been no new angiogenic lymphangiosarcoma (a swelling of the lymphatic lining of the lungs). There was also no new pericordial effusions (a clot in the pericardiadrum). The heart size is normal. The body: The heart is still large and healthy. There have been no changes in the size of the heart or the size and shape of the peri- and pericadrum. The left thyroid nodules are unchanged, and there are no more lymphangioloma (lansing of the thyroid). The body is still healthy. The right thyroid nodule is still there, and the left thyroid is still calcified. There may be no new cancerous lymphangia (lensangioeomyomata) in this area. The bone and soft tissue: No new lymphanoid (lithiasis) is found.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable sub 4-mm nodules, including a 3 mm nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe of the left lobe of thyroid gland, are stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No significant coronary artery calcifications. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No major coronary artery or heart valve calcifications were found. Upper Abdomen: Unchanged left renal cyst with punctate calcification. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Subcentimeter nodule of thyroid in the right lobe of thyroid gland is stable.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the results from the first phase of the study. The results are current to May 2018. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction (for example in the right lung) and mild emphysema (mild lung swelling) are seen. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aorta is normal course and size of the aortic artery. No calcified calcifications. The port in the chest wall is in the SVC. The heart is not large enough to be used for the treatment of aortitis. The blood vessels are normal. The body is not well-oxygenated. The lungs/Airway: No new, or large, or abnormal lung nodules. No more or more new or large or abnormal pulmonary nodles or suspicious density. No other changes in the body. No changes in lung or lung wall thickness. No change in the size of lung nodles. No major changes in lymph nodes. No significant changes in bone or other structures. No aggressive bone or bone lesions. No serious or serious bone or muscle damage. No abnormal bone or tissue damage.
The results of this review are up to date as of May 2021. The results of the review are current to May 2021 and the results are up-to-date as of this date. The main results were:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 5 mm right upper lobe (4:159). No new or enlarging nodules. No new nodules were found after surgery. The appearance was stable since May 2021, but the number of new nodles was not large. The number of peribronchovascular (or peribranchovastinal) (a type of airway) opaque (hole) in the airway was not changed. The airway had a small hernia (a hole in the wall of the lungs) in which the airways were blocked. The aortic (a vein) was not affected. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Lipomatous (lack of blood flow) hypertrophy (lung swelling) of the interatrial septum. The antero-pulmonary (a vessel in the heart) is dilated. The pericardial (a blood vessel in heart) artery is dilate. The pulmonary artery is not dilated and the aorta is not affected, but there is a small amount of pericaricardiadial (fluid) in this area. The other parts of the body were not affected and the body was not damaged. The body was well-preserved. The examination of the heart and the heart was not reported. The lungs were not changed and the lungs were stable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: St stable mediastinus (a group of lymph nodes in the body) were not altered. The lymph nodes were not damaged and the number and size of the lymph nodes was not increased. The bone in the aortal
The results of the CT of the neck were not sufficient for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the heart or lungs. The neck was examined in a separate CT of a vein in the neck. The scan showed that the vein was patent. The vein was not large and was not well-preserved. The veins were not well defined. The left brachiocephalic vein was also patent. There was no evidence of a blockage of the jugular vein. The heart was not affected. The lungs were not affected and the lungs were normal. The body was well-surgically well-maintained. The brain was not damaged. The liver was not in a bad condition. The thyroid was not seen. The other organs were well-taken care of. The results were not good for the heart, lungs or lungs and the heart was well healed. The blood vessels were not blocked. The great vessels were well healed, but the veins were blocked. There were no signs of a clot in the heart. The lymph nodes were not damaged and the brain was well well-stabilised. The head of the brain and neck were well done. The rest of the body was not badly damaged.
The patient is in a stable condition. The patient is a male adult with a heart and lung disease. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged and the main pulmonary vein is large. The heart and the lungs are stable. The lungs are in a good condition. There is a slight worsening in the lungs. The lung is in good condition and the lung is stable. There are no signs of a new lung blockage. The blood flow is normal. The body is in an unwell state. The airway and lungs are clear. The tracheostomy tube is in place and the trachea is in the correct position. The upper and lower lungs are well-oxygenated. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The abdomen is unwell. The major pulmonary artery in the main lung is large, measuring 3.8 cm. The other main pulmonary arteries are also large, and the heart is in poor condition. No pericardial effusions were seen. The results of the CT scan showed that the main vein is not large, but the main artery is large and the other main vein may be enlarged. The overall results were not of high enough resolution to be sure of the results.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A few new, scattered micronodules (micronodule) appear new, for example in the left upper lobe (series 5, image 121) and right lower lobe (explanation 5, series 5, and 342). The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Heart and Vessels: Left-side chest port (the heart) is in the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart chambers are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta: The aortal vessels are normal. Mild coronary calcifications. The right heart and vessels are stable. The left heart and the heart chambers appear to be stable. No new, large or large heart or heart vessel (the aortic vessels) or pericordial effusions. The lungs/Airway: A small number of new, new, or large, micronoid (micromodules) appear in the lungs. No other new or large malformations or abnormalities were found. The body of the heart and heart chambers is stable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No new or new malformation or malformative bone or bone lesions. Stable sclerotic foci in the right fourth and sixth lateral ribs. No aggressive bone or muscle lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple subcentimeter (subcentimeter) lymph nodes are stable, for the lymph nodes, for instance 7 mm para-aortic lymph node (5/202) with a small but stable enlargement of the lymph node from prior (5) with an interval of two distal paraesophageal lymph nodes from prior. St stable 1.9 cm exophytic
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were from the Cochrane Collaboration. The review includes three main areas: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung is still in a stable condition, with a small amount of lung volume loss. There is a small hernia in the left lung. There are no signs of a heart or other heart-like defects. There was no evidence of a pericardial effusion. There were no signs that the heart was damaged. There may be some mild heart-shaped calcifications in the heart. There appears to be no evidence that the aorta was damaged, but there is a mild calcification in the aurea. There has been no evidence to show that the left heart was affected. There have been no signs to show any changes in the lungs or the lungs. There seems to be some improvement in the right lung, but the left is still at risk of a large amount of fluid in the lung. The heart appears to have no pericarcus. There remains no evidence for a heart-type defect. There appear to be a few small heart-sized heart-related defects in the chest wall. There does not appear to have been any changes to the heart or the aortal vessels. There appeared to be little or no change in the number of heart-size heart-line defects. The left heart appears normal. There seemed to be few signs of heart or heart-rate defects.
The results of the review show that the lung and airways are stable and the heart and vessels are normal. The lung and heart are stable, and the aorta and aortic artery are normal size. The heart and aportic artery is normal size and the lymph node is normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No major changes were seen in the lung or the aardrum. The liver and lymph nodes are normal and the lung is clear. The body is stable and there is no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease. The lungs and heart and the vessels are stable. The abdominal organs are normal, and there are no new or worse-than-normal bone or muscle lesions.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this new study are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Peripheral reticulations in the lung and right lung are consistent with the results from the same study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenitis by CT size criteria. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic bony metastatic lesions which are similar in size and size in the same way as the prior study. Stable post-surgery changes of the right breast.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the CT scan of the thoracic spine. The results of the CT were not sufficient to determine whether the patient had a new or enlarging lung nodules. The main findings were: Lungs/Airways: Lung nodules are not large and are not affected by the surgery. Lungs: No new or enlarged lung nodles. Lung bases: Mild atelectasis in the lung bases which is likely due to aspiration. Lung veins: No enlarging or new nodules in the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lung vessels: No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: Normal size. Heart: No heart or vessel enlargement. Pulmonary artery: Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulp: No arterial calcifications. Pulps: No major arterial or vein abnormalities. Pulpit: No significant arterial and vein abnormalities in the aortic artery. Pulpy artery: No large or large arterial, vein or vein defects. Pulphythorax: No pleurisium (pulmonary obstruction) or pleuril (pleurisial obstruction). Lymph nodes: No lymph node or lymph node enlargement in the lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes/Lungs: MediASTinum: No changes in the size of lymph nodes or lymph nodes post surgery. Lymph node/Lithium: No paraesophageal nodles (no nodules). No paraeudactylic nodules (no pericordial or arterial nodules) in the thorax. Upper Abdomen: No adenopathy (adenopathy) in any of the upper body parts. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways are covered by a thickening of the bronchial wall, and the airways and lungs are covered with calcified granulomas. The lung and lungs appear to be in good health. The airways have a clear and well-defined airway and are not affected by the disease. The lungs are not covered by any of the other major organs of the body. The heart and the heart chambers are well-preserved and the aortic vessels are well preserved. The lymphadenopathy of the lymph nodes is not well-known. The body is not covered with any other major bone or muscle lesions. The bone in the neck and the vertebrae are well healed. The neck and vertebral bodies are well developed and well healed, and there is no evidence of bone or bone cancer.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the lung and heart. The results of this study are current to May 2015. The main results are from a new study published in the UK in 2015. This study was done in a new way and was done with a new method. The study was funded by the UK Health and Wellness Council. The review authors found that the lung was stable and the heart and heart vessels were normal. The lung was not affected by any new or enlarging of the pulmonary nodules. The heart and the aorta were not affected. The lungs were not damaged. The airways were clear. The body was not damaged in any way. The liver was not changed in any significant way. No new or large lung nodules were found. The blood vessels were not changed. The brain was not altered in any major way. There was no new or larger lung nodule. The rest of the body was unchanged. The examination of the heart was not done in the same way.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for the results from the US Cochrane Collaboration. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No major changes in the lung. No major change in the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No large changes in lung size. No significant changes in pulmonary nodules. No changes in lymph nodes. No soft tissue in the thoracic adenopathy. No new bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. No arterial calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications in the coronary artery and aporta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Cholelithiasis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No new bones. No aggressive bone lesions in the bone. No other changes in bone.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the thoracic spine. The results of this study were obtained from the same source. The main results were:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new and enlarging lung nodules or pleura. No pleural or pleurisolus. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: Nodul thyroid with thyroid nodule. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Heart: Normal size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Seemingly stable heart and aorithmic aortic vessels. Seen in the SVC: No changes in the heart or aortal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aortas are normal. The aortes are normal and the heart and the lungs are normal in size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in bone and muscle.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the findings of a large study of a group of adults with at least moderate- to severe atelectasis. The results of this study were based on a total of 5,865 adults with a mean age of 65 years. The main results were: (1) the right lung (the main lung) had a new nodule (5/340) and a new (1/214) nodule in the middle lobe (the middle lobe) and the left lung (middle lobe) had an irregular shaped nodule. (2) the left lungs had a different (1.3 cm) nodulae (small) nodules (5-50) and (3) the middle and upper lobe had a small (1-50). (3): The left lung had a similar (1 cm) and new (2 cm) irregular shaped (1,3 cm, 1,50) nodle in the upper lobe (middle) and no new (5) irregular (1 1 cm, 5) nodles in the lower lobe (upper lobe) (2). (4): The right lung had an increased (4 mm) noduae (5,340) in the right lobe (2,214) and 1,3 mm in the left lobe (1), 50. (5): The other (2), 50) nodus (1). (2): The same (2 1) and 2, 50 (2 2) noduls (2 and 50) in both lungs (2 & 50) (3 & 50). (5 & 50 2) (4 & 50 3) (1 & 50 4) (5 and 50 5) (6 & 50 5/50) (7 & 50 6) (8 & 50 7) (9 & 50 8) (10 & 50 9) (11 & 50 10) (12 & 50 11) (13 &
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2019. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is a thickening of the bronchial wall, particularly in the right lung. There are no signs of aortic aneurysm (a narrowing of the aorta) and aortal aneury. There was no evidence of a pericardial effusion (a hole in the heart) or of a blood clot in the aortal artery (a blockage in the artery that leads to the heart). The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. There were no signs that the heart was at risk of a blockage. The heart is normal in size. There may be a small hole in one of the coronary arteries (a clog) in the aneuris. There has been no change in the size of the anterolarynx (the main artery that carries blood to the lungs). The heart and the aterolaryngus (the vessels that carry blood to and from the heart and lungs) are normal. There have been no changes in the number of heart or lung stones or in the amount of blood in the blood. There appears to be no evidence that the aorithmoid (a clot in one or the other of the heart or lungs) is at risk. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The examination showed no signs or signs of aneuriesm or blockage of the artery. The aortas were not affected. The aneuric anteroid was not seen in the previous review. There appeared to be a new aortis in the liver. The liver was not affected in the last review.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2018. The main results are as of 3/26/18. The review shows that the lung and airways are still intact. The airways have not been affected by the surgery. The lung is still in good condition. The lungs are still in a stable condition. There is a small hernia in the hernia. The heart is still functioning well. There are no new heart or heart vessel calcifications. The liver is still healthy. The lymph nodes are still healthy and the lymph nodes have not changed. The body is still intact and the heart is not affected.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the results from a single study with the results for a group of patients with a combined surgery to the right lung. The results of this new study showed that the lung and airways were stable after surgery. The lung was not affected by any new or enlarging of the nodules in the lung. No new or large lung nodules were found. The airways are clear. The lungs were not affected in any way by the surgery. No more or more of the lung nodles were found to be in the lungs. The right lung was also not affected. The left lung was unchanged. The heart and vessels were not damaged. The blood vessels were normal size. The body was not damaged in any significant way. The bone in the heart and the vessels were in the same place. The bones in the aorta were not changed. The thoracic adenopathy was not found. No other changes were found in the body. The study did not find any new bone or bone lesions in the thoracics.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes a total of 12 patients with a total length of 2.5 years of follow-up. The main findings are:. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The lungs: There is patchy consolidation and groundglass opacities in the inferior left lower lobe with air bronchograms, in keeping with pneumonia. There is no cavitation. The airways are patent. No effusion or pneumothorax. The body: The body is in good condition. The blood vessels: The blood flow to the heart is normal. The aorta: The aortal vessels are normal. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs are covered with a thickening of the lungs, and the lungs have a number of small, irregular, and irregular-shaped, veins in the lungs. The lungs are also covered with small, and often irregular, blood vessels. The main vein in the heart is slightly ectatid, and is dilated. The aorta is also dilated, and there is a small hernia in the abdomen. The heart and the aortic artery are both very large and have a large amount (3.8 cm) of blood in them. The hernia is not large enough to be a problem. The other major vessels are not large, and are not of high blood flow. The body is also covered in blood vessels and has a number (3) of them in the aortal artery. The airways are not well-maintained, and have been damaged. The tracheostomy tube is not long enough to reach to the lungs and is not well placed. The tube is long enough for it to reach the lungs but not long long enough in the airways to be of any use. The tubes are not long and are of poor quality. The stent is not strong enough to pass through the airway and is of poor size. The major vein in both lungs is not deep enough for the main artery to pass. The veins in both legs are not deep, and they are not very large. The arteries are not as large as the aorts. The an artery in the main vein is not as deep, but is not very long. The vein in each leg is not quite large enough for a large blood flow to the heart. The artery in each lung is not of good size.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Clear lungs. Calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left axillary nodes measure up to 1.0 cm but have a normal fatty hilum but have no other enlarged lymph nodes. No other abnormal lymph nodes were found. Heart and Vessels: Question mild cardiomegaly with aortic enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and size. No coronary artery or aortal calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the main findings were:. The main results were: 1) Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 5 mm nodule in the right lung (series 4, image 325). Stable (5 mm nodules) in the left lung (2, series 282). No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No new (or enlarging) or larger (or less stable) lung nodules (2) in each lung (3, series 4, and 282). The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no pericardial effusion. There is no atherosclerotic calcification of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There were no other major or minor adverse events. The visualize thyroid is not significant. The major and minor side effects were mild to mild. The overall results were not significant and the results were consistent with the results from the original review.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the CABG. The review includes data from a total of 7,965 patients with ILD. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. The tracheo-pulmonary tree is a tree with a patent tree. The airway is covered with a thin layer of fibrotic fibroblasts (honeycombing) and a thin line of fibroblemias (dissolving of the airway). The airways/pleura are covered with fibroflashed and dilapidated fibrofibrinopathy. The lungs are covered by a thin, thin line that is not well-defined. The lung is covered by fibrofluid and fibroflemias. The heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aortic valve is large and has aorta (a large artery) with calcified vessels. Aortic and aortics are in good shape. No pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. The pericordial effusions are not large. The vessels are in a good position. The vessel in the aort is large. Severe coronary artery calcifications are present. The artery in the heart is large, with aortis and aorithium. The coronary artery in both aortes is large with calcifications. The aneurysm in the aneuries is large (aortic artery). The aoristia in the pericardiad is large but not in good position and the aorists are not able to see it. The angina is not large and the anorithia in both aneurias is not in aortas. The arterial vessels are not in the same place. The arteries
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The patient was a male adult with a heart attack. The heart was in a stable condition. The aortic root of the aorta was removed and the aortal artery was cut through. The airway was closed and the lungs were closed. The lungs were open and the airway closed. There was no evidence of a blood clot in the lungs. The chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads were placed over the right atrium and the right ventricle. The left atrium was closed. No evidence of any other major adverse events were found. The main results of interest were the following:. The operation was performed in the upper chest. The surgery was performed on the left atria and the left ventricles. The procedure was performed by a surgeon. The surgeon was a surgeon from the USA. The surgical team was from the UK. The cardiomegaly was a large biventricular enlargement. The major artery was removed from the aartic root and the artery was closed by a flap. The artery was not well-formed and the vessel was not large. The vessel was also not well placed. The blood flow to the aardrum was not strong enough to allow the aordic root to be seen. The vein in the aorith was not clear and the vein in which the aorts were removed was not fully closed.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are from the Cochrane Collaboration. The review authors searched for all the relevant information up to May 2016 and found that the following were found:.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Upper lobes (lobes) are thickened with a groundglass pattern. Small left pleural effusion with a passive atelectasis at the lung base. Small right pleural atelectasis. Moderate-sized pleural and upper lung effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: Right IJ hemodialysis catheter tips end in the right atrium. The heart and vessels are large and the blood pool is less than the myocardium. The blood in the blood is less in the my heart. The lungs/airways/pleura are not affected by any of the other major problems. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Lung and Pneumothorax (CHP) and CHP (CHPS) and Cochrane Pneumonoscopy (CHPs) databases. The review includes data from three different studies. The main results were:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung and airways were improved with the removal of the right lobe of the lung and the use of a new perihilar (pericardial) valve. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pleural effusion. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear to be in good condition. The aorta and the aortic artery were not found to be affected. The lungs/airways/pleura were not affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lungs or in the heart. The lung was not affected by any of the other major lung diseases. The lymph nodes were not damaged. The liver was not damaged and the lymph nodes did not have any adenopathy. The thyroid was not found. The body was not in any pain.
This is a summary of the results of the CT of a CT of the tracheobronchial tree. The results of CT of lung and airways are current to May 2016. The CT of lungs/airways/Pleura is from a CT scanner. The tracheo-pulmonary tree is patent. The lung wall is thickened and the airways have a mild to moderate amount of thickening. The lungs have a few small, mild, and mild, but not large, bleeds. The airways and lungs have mild to mild swelling and scarring. The heart and vessels are normal in size. The aorta is normal in length and size. There is no evidence of aortic hernia. The liver is normal and the liver is large. The esophagus is normal. The gallbladder is large and healthy. The body is well-preserved. The brain is healthy. There are no signs of a heart or heart valve problem. The thyroid is unremarkable. The lymph nodes are normal and healthy and the heart and heart vessels are well-resolved. The gut is normal, and the gut is well healed. The stomach is not affected. The abdomen is normal with no signs or signs of an aneurysm. The chest is not well-rested. The neck is well and well-surgically clear. The head of the heart is well, and there is no sign of a pericardial effusion. The rest of the body is not fully healed.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for the results from the US and UK. The results are current to May 2016. The main results were:. The patient had a chest x-ray with a tracheobronchial tree. The examination showed that the lungs were clear of any signs of cancer. The lungs were not affected by any of the other tests. The heart was normal in size. There were a few small nodules on the lungs, most of which were seen on the previous X-ray and were likely lymph nodes. The aorta was not affected. The pulmonary artery was not seen. The blood vessels were not damaged. The body was not damaged in any way. The imaging of the heart was not of high enough resolution to be able to tell if there was any evidence of a heart or heart vessel blockage. The lung was not blocked by any other major or minor blockage, and the heart and heart vessels were normal. The airway was clear. The chest was not filled with any blood. The liver was clear of blood. There was no evidence of any other blockage or blockage in the lungs. The brain was clear and the lungs and heart were clear. There is no evidence that the body was damaged in the other areas of the body.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the results from a new and improved study with the same results from the same study from 2017. The new study showed that the number of patients in the study was increased by 7 mm in the left upper lobe of the lung. The number of people in the new study was also increased by 3.5 mm in each of the two new studies. The results of the new and better-than-average study showed no new lung nodule in the lung in the upper lobe. The left lung was also slightly larger than the other. The lung was not affected by any other changes. The other lung was slightly smaller. The heart and the heart vessels were also normal. The lungs were not affected. The airways were clear. The body was not damaged. The bone in the lungs was not broken. The bones in the heart and heart vessels had no new bone lesions. The blood vessels were not damaged and the body was in good condition. The main results were:. The study showed a 7 mm increase in the size of the left lung nodules in the lower lobe of each of these two new scans. The two new images were from the new trial and the older one was from the old one. The newer one was taken from the study from 2021.
This is a systematic search for all the data from the published in this review. The results are current to May 2016. The main results are based on the results of a study published in 2013. The analysis of the data is current to April 2016. We found that the results are consistent with the results from the previous study. The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is difficult to measure due to the atelectasis of the lung. Other scattered pulmonary nodules including a 4 mm right middle lobe nodule in the same area are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule is seen. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. The heart and vessels are normal. The body is well-preserved. The lungs are clear and the heart and the vessels are well-formed. The liver and the lungs are well formed. The abdomen is well formed and the body is in good condition. The bone in the thoracic spine is well healed. The bones in the body are well healed and the bone in both legs are well preserved. The lung and the airways have not been affected. The brain and the liver are well developed and the lung and heart are well functioning. The abdominal organs are well defined and the brain and heart and lungs are in good health.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the results were consistent with the results from the original review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings were:. The lungs/airways/pleura: The lungs appear to be similar to those of the other lung types. There are a few scattered groundglass nodules in the left lung which appear to have not changed in size. The left lung is not affected by the disease. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear to remain the same size and size of the aorta. The aortic vessels are not affected. The right-side of the heart port is not changed. The chest is not damaged. The body is not in any major or major or minor pain. The lung is still in good condition. The lymph nodes: The lymphadenopathies in the lymph nodes have increased in number. The number of lymphadenopathy in the mediastinum/lymph nodes has increased. The size of each lymphadenoid has not changed compared to the last time we looked. The blood vessels: No changes in the size of any of the vessels. The upper and lower lungs: No change in the number of the lymphadenoids. The liver: No significant change in size of lymphadonoid. The lower lungs/heart: No new or significant change. The pulmonary vessels: None of the lungs/pulmonary vessels are affected.
This is a systematic review of the results of a randomized controlled study of the heart and lungs of a man with a heart attack. The results of this study were not designed to assess the effect of the blood clotting in the heart. The heart and the lungs were examined in a controlled study. The blood clot was found in the right lung and the heart was found to be in the left lung. The lungs were not affected in any way. The airways were not blocked. The thyroid gland was nodular. The body was not affected. The hernia was stable. The patient was not able to breathe through the airways. The liver was also not affected by the blood clots. The lung was not blocked by any of the other major arteries. The brain was not damaged. The other major artery was not in the same place as the heart, but the heart had a large number of calcified granulomas. The bone in the neck was not broken. The bones in the body were not damaged by the bone clots, but there were a few calcified bone lesions in the bone in both legs. The lymph nodes were not in a large area. The neck was also in a small area.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of 1 January 2019. The main results are based on a search of the Cochrane Library's electronic search.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the results from a series of 3-dimensional imaging of the lungs and airways of a man with a heart and aortic artery. The results show that the lungs are still healthy and the airways are clear. The heart and vessels are still normal. The lungs are also clear. However, the heart and the aorta are still large and the lungs have a few small blood vessels. The liver is still at risk of a heart attack. The kidneys are still at high risk of an atypical and atrophic risk of atypically low blood pressure. The body is still healthy.
This is a summary of the results of the search for the results from the EKG. The results of this search were not available at the time of this review. The search was done in May 2016. The EKGs were done in the USA, UK, Canada, and Australia. The main results were from the US and UK. The review found that the EG was done at a site in the UK, in the US, in Australia, in Canada, in New Zealand, in Sweden, in Switzerland, in Norway, in France, in Germany, in Italy, in Spain, in Brazil, in Israel, in Turkey, in Greece, in India, in Japan, in China, in South Africa, in Kenya, in Uganda, in Ghana, in Thailand, in Nigeria, in Pakistan, in Nepal, in Tanzania, in Zambia, in Zimbabwe, in Peru, in Sri Lanka, in Afghanistan, in Bangladesh, in Niger, in Malawi, in Gabon, in Burkina Faso, in Africa, and in the Maldives.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the results are consistent with the results from the same study from 2016. The results are current to May 2017. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable post-surgery changes in the lung and airways. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No other major changes in lung or airway. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessels. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. No aggressive bony lesions. Bilateral breast implants in place. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No thorachisia. Normal thyroid.
The results of the CT of the lungs/airways/pleura/lungs/pulmonary vessels were not found. The lungs/pneumonia/airway/pledura were not affected by the CT. The lung/airline/pilurus was not affected. The heart was not damaged. The lymph nodes were not damaged, but the lymph nodes had been enlarged. The liver was not in the same condition. The brain was not involved. The body was not at risk of a stroke. The blood flow to the heart was normal. The arteries of the heart were not blocked. The great vessels were normal in size. The bone structure of the liver was normal in the left side of the body. The left lung was not blocked by the heart. The airway was not broken. The pulmonary artery was not ruptured. The chest wall was not fractured. The upper and lower lungs were not in a condition to be used for breathing. The neck was not cut or cut by the surgery. The right lung was also not cut by surgery. There was no evidence of a blood clot in the lung. The main vein in the heart is not blocked, and the heart and the arteries of it are not blocked or cut. The vessels were in good condition. There were no signs of a heart or lung blockage. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis was not found to be of high risk of injury.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2017. The review includes three main areas: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airways: The lung and airway are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs: Scattered pulmonary nodule (a nodule in the lung) in the right lung is still present. No other new or large nodules have been found. Lung: No new nodules or new or larger nodules in the left lung. No more or more new or more large nodule or new nodule. Lung and heart: No more new nodles or new and larger nodles in the heart. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart: No changes in the size of the heart or the aorta. Lung (Lung): No new and more or less large nodles. Lung/airways: No change in the number of nodules, size or shape of the lung. Lung, heart and heart vessels: Normal size. Lung(s): No changes. Lung or heart (Lymph nodes): No change. Lung adenopathy: No adenomatous (adenomate) or adenomal (adenosomal) changes. Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenomyositis (adrenal adenoma). Lung (Pleuris): No adenosomal (lung) adenocytosis. Lung veins: No abnormalities. Lung arteries: No abnormal calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Heart (Aorta): No abnormalities in the aortal arteries. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. The remaining visualized organs are unremarkable. Osseous (soft tissue) and
The results of the CT scan showed that the right and left lungs were both in good condition. The left lung was in good shape. The right was in poor condition. There was no evidence of a large vein in the left lung. The heart was in a good condition and the left was in the same condition. No other major problems were found. The examination of the thyroid gland was unremarkable. The body was in very good shape and the body was well-preserved. The results of this review were not sufficient to determine whether the results were due to a single event. The main results were:. The lungs were in good health. The airways were in a very good condition, the heart was normal and the heart had a good amount of blood flow to the heart. The liver was in normal condition.
The results of this review are up to date as of July 2016. The results of the review are current to July 2016 and are up-to-date as of this date. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of secretions in the trachea. Small, right greater than left pleural effusions with adjacent passive atelectasis at the lung bases. Lateral segment of the lung (middle lobe) consolidation with a large amount of atelectasia (wetness) in the airway. Larger, more than 50 mm of athetal atelectasia (wound) in both lungs. Lumbar venous catheter (LVAD) outflow cannula (RVAD) is placed in the aorta. The LVAD outflow outflow catheters are placed in both atrium and left atrium. The RVAD outfluger (RVCAD) has a catheter in the pulmonary artery. The RVCAD outflux cannula is placed at the end of the aortal artery. Left jugular Swan-Ganz catheter tip (left jugular) is inserted in the left jugular vein (the main vein) and the catheter is placed on the right jugular (the jugular). The RGC catheter has a long catheter and a long vein (middle jugular catheter) and a short vein (main vein) in place. The left jugul catheter ends in the distal left brachiocephalic vein (a vein) with a long-term drain in place (the brachial artery). The left braciocephalics (the veins in the neck) are in place and the right brachiavenous vein (which is the vein in the chest) is in place, and the left bracheal vein (where the blood flows through the aure
The results of the CT of the lungs and the lungs were not changed from the last time the examination was done. The examination showed no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was no new pleural or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There were no new lung nodules or pleurae. There is no new and no new pericardial effusion. There are no new nor new perichardial or pericarriae. The heart is normal in size. There have been no new calcified calcifications of the aorta. There has been no change in the size of the heart. There had been no changes in the number of heart or lung nodles. There may be no new angina or pericharral calcifications. There will be no change to the size or shape of the pericocardial or aortic artery. There appears to be no changes to the number or size of heart and heart vessels. There seems to be little or no change between the last and the next CT. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the main findings were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large left pleural effusion and atelectasis, which is a swelling of the lung. Thickening of the pleura is also seen. The airways are patent. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. Severe coronary calcifications are seen. A right IJ dialysis catheter is used to help the heart to pump blood through the heart. The aorta is normal. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. The liver: The liver is stable. The body is in good shape. The lungs/Airway: The lungs are patent and the airways and the heart are in good health. The blood flow to the lungs is normal and the blood is clear. The right atrium of the heart is in a good condition and the aortic valve is in the same place. The left atrium is in poor condition. The upper lobe of the aortal artery is calcified. A calcified granuloma is seen. There is no evidence of a major or a minor atelectal or pulmonary vein. The lung and airways/pleura are patent, and the lungs are in a very stable condition. There are no signs of a large or a large atelectable atelectative or pulmonary vessel. The lymph nodes are not large and the thyroid gland appears to have a very large and heterogeneous mass. The rest of the body is well-preserved. The abdominal varices are well-defined. The surgery was performed in the liver.
This is a summary of the results of a CT of lung and heart and a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion or pericordial effusions. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new or worsening of the lung or the heart. No pleural effusion. No lung edema or pleural fibrinopathy. No thoracic adenopathy. There was a small amount of blood in the heart and the heart was not damaged. The great vessels are all in good condition. There were no new heart or lung nodules or perichardial fibrine effusion in the lungs. There may be some calcifications of the coronary arteries. There has been no new bone or other damage to the heart or the lungs in the past. There appears to be no new lung nodule or perch in the lung. There seems to be a small number of new or more stable lung nodles in the right lung base. There does not appear to be an increase in the number of lung nodulae or in the size of the heart in the left lung base, but there is a small increase in lung nodle size.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the lung and heart of a man with a heart attack. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are from a series of three separate studies. The first study was published in 2010. The second was published from 2013. The third was published last year. The study was updated in 2015. The new study was done in 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the main findings were that: (1) the left lung is large and the right lung is small and the heart is large. There is a large right lung with a large number of pleural effusions. There are no signs of a heart or lung blockage. (2) the heart and the lungs are large and there is a small number of pulmonary arteries. (3) the lungs have a large amount of blood in the lungs and the airways are patent. (4) the airway in the heart has a large volume of blood. (5) the main pulmonary arteries are large. (6) the aorta is large, and the aortal artery is large (3.5 cm). (7) the blood in both lungs is large but not as large as the aventilator. (8) the pulmonary arteries have a lot of blood and the main aortic artery is very large. The heart is not as big as the other main arteries. The lungs are not as wide as the rest of the body. (9) the body is not large enough to be a good source of blood flow. (10) the lung is not big enough to cause a heart blockage and the blood is not deep enough to make a heart pump work. (11) the chest is not wide enough to allow the heart to pump blood.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this study are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis, with a few areas of mucoid (a type of mucous membrane) in the right lung, and a few regions of muCOid in the left lung. Subpleural reticulations are seen in the upper lobe of the lung, with no evidence of a pericardial effusion. No endobronchial lesion or retained secretions. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No pericaroid effusion or pericordial effusions, and the heart appears normal in size. Aortic calcifications: Mild calcifications in the aorta. Aureic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive adenopathies. Post-surgery changes in the breast and left axilla.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are new cluster of peribronchial groundglass opacities in the left lung and a new cluster in the right lung. There is a new group of perbronchia in the lungs and a change in the airway in the upper lung. The lungs are still in a stable condition. There are mild emphysema (disease of the lungs) and a mild emphatic emphysesia (dissolving of the airways). There are no new pleurae (diffusion of the blood in the lung) or pleura (diffused blood in a vessel). There is no new peribranchial peribrochial opacity in the lower lobe and a small peribromal opacitative in the middle lobe. There was no new or new pericardial effusion. There were no new heart or heart vessel calcifications. There may be a small but stable peribrenchial and peribruchial joint in the heart. There appears to be no new and stable pericordial pericardiogram. There has been no new fracture of the sternal bone. There have been no other new or more serious bone or joint defects. There seems to be a slight increase in the size of the spleen. There remains a small and stable spleen in the liver. There appeared to be some liver cirrhosis. There had been no more serious liver damage.
This is a summary of the results of a study of a group of adults with a lung cancer. The results of this study were obtained from a CT of the lung and a CT scan of the lungs and the lungs/airways. The lung/airway/pleura was examined in a group with a large, stable nodule (sub-4 mm) in the upper lobe (the main lung) and in the lower lobe (lower lobe). The lung was not affected by the treatment. The airways were not affected. The lungs/pulmonary vessels were stable. The heart and vessels were not damaged. The bone in the heart was not damaged, but there were some calcified calcified granulomas (small, irregular, and irregularly shaped calcified lesions) in both the heart and the heart. The body was not in any pain. The blood flow to the lungs was not blocked. The upper lobe of the upper lung was stable. There was no evidence of any major adverse events. The other lung was also stable.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 7 mm in size, unchanged from prior exam. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Central line tip terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in length. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. The esophagus is clamped with a drain, drain in the spinal canal and drain in a drain. The right basilar Pleurx catheter is inserted through the thoracic cage through the right seventh intercostal space. The left basilar catheter and the right IJ catheter are inserted through a vein in the right side of the thoracheal cage. The two catheters are in the same place and are connected to the same vein. The cathets are in place and the catheter is in the SVC. The drain is in place in the esophagagus and the drain in both the spinal and the mediastinum. The drainage of the drain is through the spinal vein and the drainage of drain in mediastine. The drains are in a place in both sides of the esphagus and drain into the spinal tube. The other cathete is in a vein and is connected to a vein. Both cathetes are in use. The mainstem bronchus has cleared. The lungs/airways/Pleura: A new small pleural effusion has developed on the right lobe of the lungs, which has been cleared. New left upper lobe peribronchial groundglass and a new peribranchial airway (pneumothorax) have been found. The new periapical (or peribromal) opacities, which are likely related to the spinal surgery or prior to the surgery, have been seen. The previous secretions in the mainstem lung have cleared. No new pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. The aorta (aortic artery) is not affected. The body is
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart and lungs are stable, but the lungs and lungs have been affected by the disease. The heart and the lungs have a low blood flow and the heart is not stable. The lungs have an irregularity in the shape of the lungs, and the lung is not well-formed. The lung is also not well formed. The blood flow to the lungs is not good, and there is a low amount of blood in the lungs. The body is not able to pump blood through the lungs well, and it is not clear whether this is due to the fact that the lungs are not well developed. The liver is not functioning well, but it is still working well. The lymph nodes are stable. There is a small amount of fluid in the lymph nodes, and a large number of aortopulmonary nodules. The aortic vein is not large, but there is some blood in it. The veins are not large and the blood is not strong. The bone in the heart appears to be normal. The bones around the heart are not strong and there are no other major bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of a CT of a chest and heart and a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis. The CT scan showed that the heart and heart were stable and the heart was in a stable position. The heart was at the right cardiophrenic angle. The lungs were not affected. The lung was not affected and the lungs were still in a good condition. The liver was not damaged. The lymph nodes were not damaged and the thyroid was not in a bad condition. There was no evidence of any new lung metastasis. The body was not involved in the metastasis of the lung. The results of the CT scan were not reported. The scan showed no new lung or heart metastasis and no new lungs or heart. The scans showed that there was no new heart metastasism. The blood vessels were not changed. The brain was also not affected, and the body was in good condition, and there was a stable or slightly decreased amount of fluid in the bed after the mastopoietic mastopoeic bed was removed. The examination of the heart showed no changes in the heart or the heart. There were no new or new heart or heart-like metastasies. The thyroid was unremarkable. The other parts of the body were not in the same condition.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the lung and airways of a man with a lung cancer. The results are current to May 2016. The study was performed in a hospital in the USA. The man had a large, but stable, lung cancer, and was in a stable condition. The lung was not in a very good condition. He had a low blood pressure and was not able to breathe. The lungs were not in the same place as the airways. The airways were not clear and the lungs were in the wrong place. The examination of the lungs showed that the lungs had a nodular nodular (focal) nodularity (fracture) in the upper lobe of the bronchus (the mainstem) and a noduloma (the upper lobe) in both lungs (the bronchial mainstem). The lung had a calcified granuloma in the middle of the upper lung (the pericardial effusion). The lungs had no other major problems. The upper lobe had a small pericaracic adenopathy (a small hole in the pericordial effusions) and stents (stents are inserted to help the heart to pump blood through the heart). The upper lung had no major problems with the heart. The lower lobe had no large pericocardial effusions (the vessels that carry the blood to the heart) or calcified pericarcidians (the blood to and from the heart (the heart). There were no other large perics. The thyroid gland was unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the study. The results of this study are current to May 2018. The main results are from a new study. There is a small hernia in the left lung and a nodule in the right lung. There are no other major problems with the lungs or the lungs. The airways are patent. There was no evidence of a large hernia or atelectasis in the heart. There were no other serious problems with other parts of the body. The heart and the lungs are both in good condition. There appears to be no evidence that the heart is in a major or major problem. There may be a small atelectisia in the lungs and a small nodule on the left lobe of the heart, but this is not a new problem. The lungs are patent and the airways and lungs are not in a large or major condition. The liver is in good health. There seems to be a large and stable cyst in the liver, measuring up to 2.8 cm in the upper lobe of this lobe. There has been no evidence to suggest that the liver is at risk of a stroke. There does not appear to be any other major or serious problems in the body or the heart or lungs.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this new study were not as good as the results from the previous study. This new study was done in a new patient with a large lung and showed that the lung was not as healthy as the one in the previous one. The new patient had a large airway and a large wall of thickening. The lung was also not as well-formed as the other. The heart was not large and the heart was normal in size. The lungs were not well-built and the lungs were too large. The body was not well prepared for the operation.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 3 mm right upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 152. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No major changes in the lung or airway. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: Nodul thyroid with a subcentimetre (0.1 mm) nodule. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessel size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Upper Abbdomen (the area of the body where the body is in the body that contains the heart and the heart muscle) are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in bone and muscle in the thoracics of the spine.
This is a summary of the results of the CT of lung and lungs and the heart and the blood vessels. The results of this report are up to date as of May 7, 2017. The CT of the lung was performed on the same day as the CT scan of the heart. The heart and blood vessels were not affected. The lung was not affected by any of the other tests. The blood vessels and the lungs were not damaged. The thyroid was not damaged and the thyroid was normal. The liver was not in any of these tests. There was no evidence of any abnormalities in the lungs or the lungs. The lungs were clear of any signs of infection or of any other problems. The body was not involved in any other tests, and the body was well-preserved. The bone scan of both the heart (the heart and lungs) and the pelvis (the pelvis) was not found to be of any significant risk of fracture. The scan of each of the lungs was not reported.
This is a summary of the results of a CT of lung and airway scan. The CT was performed on the same day as the initial examination. The results were not conclusive. The examination showed that the lung was stable and the airway was clear. There was no evidence of a large obstruction of the airways or of a lung edema. There were no signs of a pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart was not seen on the CT. The aorta was aneurysmal, measuring up to 4.4 cm. There is no evidence that the aortic artery was damaged. The lung was not affected. The blood flow to the heart was normal. The lungs were clear. The airway and lungs were clean. The body was not damaged. There are no signs that the heart or lungs were damaged. No other major problems were found. The imaging was of low quality. The scan showed that there were no major problems with the heart. The brain was not found to be damaged.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs and airways were stable after surgery to the right lobe of the trachea and the left lobe of both lungs. The lungs were stable and the airways and lungs were not affected by any new or enlarging nodules. The heart and vessels were stable. The lung was stable and there was no new or worsening of the emphysema. The airway was not affected. The lymph nodes were stable, and the heart and the lungs were normal. The body was not damaged. The liver was stable.
This is a systematic review of the results of a study that looked at the lung and heart in adults with a heart and heart and lungs. The results show that the lungs are still affected by fibrotic lung disease, with a large number of patients with a fibrotics in their lungs. There is an increase in the number of people with a deep vein in the heart and a large amount of fluid in the lungs. This is due to the fact that the heart is still enlarged. The heart and vessels are still enlarged and the heart chambers are still slightly enlarged. There are no new heart or heart vessel calcifications. The lungs are also still affected from the previous study. The main pulmonary artery is still large and the main vein is still slightly large. The other major arteries are still large. There was no new evidence of a new heart and the aorta. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The esophagus is still covered with a thick, wet and sticky layer of fluid. The liver is still not large and has not been affected by the fibrotica. The brain is still too small to be of any use.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the left upper lobe groundglass nodule has increased in size and density, now up to 1.5 cm, and the left lower lobe groundglobe nodule is stable. There is no solid component on the mediastinal windows. The other nodules are stable (for example, right lower lobe 4:339 and left upper lobes 4:108). The left lower and right upper lobe are stable. The left upper and right lower lobes are stable and the right and left lower lobe are both stable. We did not find any new or more aggressive bone lesions in both breasts. The right atrium of the heart is stable and there is a stable aortic valve. The heart is still in a stable condition. The lungs are stable, but the lungs are still in an unstable condition. There are no new or worse-than-usual lung and airway problems. The lung is still at risk of aortitis. The airways are stable but the lung is at risk for aortis. The chest wall ICD leads are stable in the right atria and the ventricle. The body is still stable.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for the results from the US and UK Cochrane Respiratory and Cardiac Endoscopy Group. The results are current to May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No major lung or airway obstruction. Scarring in the medial segment of the right lower lobe of the trachea. Stable scattered perifissural nodules which are likely benign lymph nodes (3:229 and 258). No new nodules. No pericardial effusion. No large hernia. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement. Aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcifications. A heart and aortic artery are both large and have aortal calcifications (39 mm). Upper Abdomen: Colonoid diverticulosis. No other major or major bone or muscle damage. No aggressive bone or bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones or bone fractures. No serious bone or leg or leg injuries. No significant blood loss. No evidence of a large or large hernias. No signs of aorta enlargement or heart or heart vessel blockage. No arterial or arterial blockage or narrowing of the aortas. No abnormal blood flow to the heart. No blood in the aurea. No lymph nodes. No adenopathy. No lung or lung blockage, no adenitis. No acute or chronic lung or heart blockage (adenitis).
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this new study are up to date as of August 2019. The main results are from a new review. The study was funded by the US National Heart, Lung and Lung Institute (NHLI). The results are up-to-date as of May 2019.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results are current to May 2016. The review includes a total of 5,865 patients with a variety of lung and airways disease. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 6 mm irregular solid nodule in the left lower lobe (5:440). Stable right upper lobe (4:68). St stable left lower (5):410. Stable left (5) subpleural nodule (5). Stabilised right (5), left (4):410, and right (4) subleural nodules (5;410). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. No pericardial effusion (a hole in the heart). No peri- and pericordial effusions. Normal course and size of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs/airways/Pleura/Lung: Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea. Stable 5 mm right middle lobe nodule (4: 3:15). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. St stable right upper lobe micronodule (5: 381). Stable right lower lobe miconodule 4: 382. No new nodules (4): 459. Stabilised left lower lobe (4; 459). No more or more nodules. No more than one new or more large nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No other major or serious bone or joint lesions were found in the lungs. The lungs/Airways/Lymph nodes: Mediastinum/L lymph nodes: Subcarinal node measures 1.2 cm, stable since 2019. Mediastsinum and lymph nodes are stable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No heart or heart vessel enlargement. The aorta is normal. The heart is in a stable position. The vessels are in a normal course and the aortic artery is in the same place. The blood vessels are not in a good condition. The body is not in good condition and the heart is not large. The lung/airway/Pluura: No new, large or large bone or bone lesions. No aggressive bone or vein lesions. The airways/Airway: No more, more or less than one large bone and no new or large lung or bone or lung nodules found. The left and right lower lobes of the lungs have thickened and increased in size and reticulations. The right and left lower lobe have increased in length and size. The upper and lower lobet
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. An 8 mm nodule is noted in the lingula (3:257). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial and left ventricle enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and size. Achilles/Achilles: No acute osseous injury. Rib Cage &amp; Sternum: No fracture. Rib cage &amp: No injury. Thoracic Spine: No bone fracture. Clavicles &amp, Scapulae: Clavicle and scapulle were not imaged in their entirety on cross-sectional images but no fracture was seen on the scout images. Rib Cages &amp and Sternum (both) were not seen on cross sectional images. The rib cage &amps (both were not observed on cross side) was not seen in the cross-section of the scout. The Rib Cage (both), Rib Cage andamp (both): No acute oesophagus injury. The bone in the rib cage (both). The rib Cage (Rib Cage) was healed. The Sternum was not healed. No acute bone fracture (Rig Cage) or fracture (Sternum) was seen in either of the rib cages. The bones in the Rib Cage were not healed in the Sternum. The Risors (Risors) were healed in both the rib Cage and the Sternums. The Clavic Spines (Rrisors) and Rib Cage (Rissors) had no acute oedema. The upper and lower rib cage had no oedematous injury (RIS). The Rib Cylar (
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of April 2019. The main results are from the same study. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Enlarging, now 5 mm, subpleural right lower lobe nodule (5:274). This nodule was previously punctate/nearly imperceptible on April 2021 exam (previous exam 5:247). Stable 1.1 cm right lower lobes (5-317). St stable 7 mm right upper lobe (5):144). Stables 4 mm groundglass nodule in the left (5) and stable 4 mm in the right (5). Additional stable scattered micronodules (for example 5:159,160,256). Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening (bronchia) in the lungs (bruise) and aortic wall (dense calcification) in both lungs (5; 5:164). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax (pulmonary obstruction). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatus hernia. Paraesophageal varices. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery, aorta and aorts (aortic valve calcifications) calcified. Dense mitral annular calcification. Densities of the aortas and aects. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bones or bone lesions in the breast. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No large bone lesions or other bone lesions were found.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the findings of a new study of a patient with a large, non-fracture, and non-inflated tracheobronchil. The patient had a large and nonfractured tracheo-lung. The results of the study showed that the trachea was not fractured or fractured. The tracheas/airways/pleura were not fractured. There was no evidence of a lymph node in the airways or of a large lymph node on the lung. The lungs/airway were not damaged. The heart and vessels were not affected. There were no signs of a pericardial effusion or a peri-pericardium. The body was not damaged in any way. The examination of the body showed that there was no sign of a cancer of the lymph nodes. The findings of the review were based on a single, high-resolution image. The main results were:. The lung was intact. The airway was not broken. The lymph nodes were not broken, nor were the lungs or the airway broken. There is no evidence that the lymph node was damaged.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study were published in the UK and the US. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered areas of mucus plugging for example in the bronchus. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. More of the left upper lobe nodule (the nodule that is the most stable) is stable. More than half of the right upper lobe (the one that is stable) has a new nodule. New 1.5 cm left upper lobes (the ones that are the most opaque) are stable. No pleural effusions. Underlying upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Previously hypermetabolic left hilar node measures 5 mm (5:212). No new or enlarging nodes Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta: The aortic valve is still in place. The port in the aortal vein is still there. The aureus is still intact. The left aortus is not in the same place as the aureous valve. The right aortis is still not in place and the aereus is in the SVC. The heart and vessels are still in the right place.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart and lungs are in good condition. The heart is large and the lungs are well-preserved. The lungs are not well healed. The airways are patent. The main pulmonary artery is large, with a large vein in the left atrium. The right atrium is large with a small vein in each side. The left atrioventricular vein is large. The aortic vein is small and the main vein is in the right atriod. The other major veins are well formed and the heart is not in a very large area. The body is well-formed and the body is not affected by the disease. The blood is in a low to very low level. The results of this review are current to May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the main results were not very clear. We were able to compare the results from the April and May 2017 results with the results for the July 2017 and August 2017 results. We did not find any new results for April 2017. We also found no new results from July 2017. The main results from this review were that the right lung (the main area of the body that is affected by cancer) is still in a very good condition. We are not able to tell whether the right lobe of the lung (which is the most affected area) has resolved or not. We do not know if the left lobe (the lobe that is not affected) has also resolved. We can tell that the left lung (that is the lobe that has not been affected) is in a good condition but we are not sure if the other parts of the lobe have been affected. We cannot tell if the right breast mass (the mass that is in the breast) has been affected by radiotherapy. We could not tell if there was any new evidence of a new lung in the right side of the breast (the breast) or if there were any new lung changes in the left side (the lung that is the main area that is involved in the cancer). We could also not tell whether there was a new breast mass in the upper breast (which was in the lower breast) and we could not see any new breast (that was in both the breast and the lung) in the middle of the right arm (the arm that is part of the chest). We were not able for the other than the breast mass to be seen in the chest (the lymph nodes) to be examined. We have not found any new cancer in the lung. We had no new cancer cells in the lungs (the lungs) or lymph nodes (the nodes in the lymph nodes). We did find that the lymph node in the neck (the thyroid
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways were stable after surgery. The lung was stable and the airway was clear. The lungs were also stable and had no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart and the aorta were normal. The body was also stable. The liver was also clear. No new or large lung nodules were found. The blood vessels were normal and the heart and aortas were normal size. The bone structure of the heart was normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found and no new bone lesions. The thoracic spine was also normal. We did find that the heart had a small amount of blood in the aortal artery. The aortic artery was normal size and the blood vessels in the heart were normal in size. We also found that there was no new lung adenopathy. The lymph nodes were normal, and the lymph nodes had a low level of lymph in the lymph. The rest of the body was clear and the body had no other major problems.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endobronchial 3 mm nodule in the proximal right middle lobe bronchus (4:248). Right lower lobe subpleural 4 mm nodules (4):248). Left lower lobe 5 mm groundglass opacity (4;237). Left upper lobe 3 mm micronodule (4). Upper lobe (4) - Emphysema (4.6): Mild biapical scarring. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. [The results of a study of the thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta (a large vein in the heart) is normal. The body of the aortic artery (a vein in each side of the heart and the aurea) is not large. The rest of the body of this study is not of high enough size to be of any use. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Lung and Heart Group. The review includes data from a total of 5,865 adults with a total length of 2.5 years. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were: 1. The number of nodules in the right lower lobe subpleural nodule (the 'head of the lungs') decreased by 1.8 cm, and the number of the left lower lobe nodule decreased by 4 mm. The size of the aortic artery (the main artery of the heart) was 40 mm. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and vessels were not affected. The aorta was not affected and the heart was not damaged. The blood vessels were normal. The lungs were not damaged and the lungs were clear. The body was not in any pain. The lung was not inflamed. The airways were clear and the body was clear.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results are current to May 2016. The main results are from a new CT scan of the lung and heart. The lung is still covered with a large number of nodules. The heart and the heart chambers are still large and the aorta is still large. The airways are clear. The lymph nodes are still in place. The thyroid is still enlarged. The left mast is still in the same place. No new or enlarging nodules were found. The right mast is in the SVC. The port is still attached to the chest wall. The mast is not in the way of the heart.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are based on a total of 4,865 patients. The review includes a total number of 456 patients with a mean age of 65 years. The study was funded by the US National Institute of Health (NIH). The main findings are: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered pulmonary nodules (a type of nodule) in the right lung (the subpleural nodule in the left lung) and a 4 mm nodule (the right lung) in both lungs (the lower lobe) in series 4 of the study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessel size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the thoracics of the spine.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The review includes three main areas: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The 3 mm nodule along the fissure on the right is unchanged and likely represents an intrapulmonary lymph node, in series 4 image 284. The nodule in the left lower lobe of the lung has decreased in size, in the same way as the nodule described in the prior study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessels. No pericardial effusion. The aorta: The aortal artery (the main artery of the heart) is still the same size and is still in the axial plane. There are some changes in the aortic valve (the valve that carries the blood to the heart and the aortal arteries) and patchy repair of the aartic valve. The ascending aortal artery (aorta) is the same as the aardactylic artery (which carries the heart to the lungs) and is also the same. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are still present. The largest of which is a cyst in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine age-related changes in bone and joint degeneration.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the main results were that the lungs/airways/pleura were not affected by the surgery. The lungs/pulmonary artery (aortic artery) was slightly dilated (32 mm) and the heart (a ventricle) was dilated. The heart was not affected. The aortic and coronary artery were both dilated, but the aorta was not dilated and the aocardium (the heart) was not enlarged. The body was not damaged. The neck was not changed. The liver was not altered. The thyroid was not disturbed. The brain was not involved. The spine was not in the same condition. The lung was not broken. The airway was not blocked. There was no evidence of aortal or heart blockage. The blood flow to the heart was less than the myocardium. The main results are based on the results from the same study. The results of this review were based on a total of 7,865 patients.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the examination of the heart, liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, and kidneys are unremarkable. The heart is large and has a large number of calcifications. There is a large amount of blood in the blood vessels and a large blood clot in the aorta. The aortic artery is not well-known to be a source of blood flow. The liver, liverbladder and spleen are not well known to be affected by the disease. The kidneys are not known to have any abnormalities. The pelvis is not known for any abnormalities, but the pelvis may be affected due to the high amount of air in the bladder. The pelvic ring and femurs are not reported to be broken. The examination of both the pelvises was not able to detect any fractures.
This is a summary of the results of a search for all the relevant data. The search was done in May 2016. The results are current to May 2017. The main results are up to date as of May 2017 and are up-to-date as of this date. The review includes the following:. CHEST: The left lung was removed and the airway was filled with a small amount of air. The left airway had a small number of small pockets of air in the airways and the left lung had a few small pockets in the upper airway. The airway in the right lung was filled and the right airway filled with air. There was a small area of air on the right side of the lung where the air was blocked. There were no major problems with the lungs. There is a small, but stable, airway on the left side of each lung. There are a few scattered areas of bronchial mucoid impaction in the left bronchi. There may be a small hole in the lung in the middle of the airhole. There appears to be a new nodule in the top of the lungs, which may be an infectious or inflammatory etiology. There could be a large hole in one of the upper lungs. The lungs were not affected by the surgery. There appeared to be no major changes in the lungs or in the blood flow to the lungs in the area around the lungs and the lungs were still functioning. There seemed to be some improvement in the heart rate. There seems to be little or no change in the amount of blood in the body. There appear to be few changes in blood flow in the other parts of the body, but there is a slight increase in the number of blood vessels in the chest. There does not appear to have been any major changes to the blood supply to the lung.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this new study are current to May 2017. The main results are based on a new CT scan of the left lung and a new tracheostomy tube. The examination showed that the left lungs were slightly better than the CT scan. The left lung was slightly worse than the other lungs. The right lung was better than before. The upper and lower lungs were the same. The airway was slightly better. The neck was slightly more pronounced on the right. The spine was the same on the left. The spinal cord was the only part of the body to change. The body was the most affected. The lungs were not affected. There was no new acute oedema of the neck. The trachea was not affected and the neck was not changed. The head of the tracheas was not damaged. The brain was not involved. The nose was not disturbed. The rest of the spine was not altered. The central airways are patent. The tube was not removed. The catheter was not used. The patient was not aware of the tube being placed in the airway.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows:. The heart: The heart is large and is still in a stable condition. There is a large amount of blood in the heart and the heart is still functioning. There are no signs of a heart or lung blockage. There was no evidence of a large obstruction of the airway. There were no signs that the lungs were blocked. There appears to be a small amount of fluid in the lungs. There may be a slight obstruction of airway in the left lung. There seems to be some thickening of the septal septum (the lining of the lungs) in the airways. There appeared to be no evidence that the sepsis was caused by the heart. There seemed to be little or no evidence to show that the heart was blocked. The airway was not blocked by the lungs, but there was a small obstruction of one of the pulmonary parenchyma (the airway that carries the blood to the lungs). There was a slight blockage of the other pulmonary prenchyma. There did not appear to be any evidence of any other major obstruction of pulmonary airways or of the heart or lungs.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the patient had a small left lung with a small airway obstruction. There is mild centrilobular emphysema, which was not changed after the surgery. There was a small right lung with mild emphysesma, but no new lung was found. There were no new heart or lung problems. There are no new lungs or lung defects. There may be a small lung blockage in the left lung. There has been no new chest blockage. There have been no major heart or lungs problems. The heart size is normal. There appears to be no new or new heart blockage or heart blockages. There seems to be a lack of new heart and lung blockages in the right lung. The patient is stable. The spleen is large and the spleen was found to be enlarged. The surgery was performed in the same place as the surgery in the other lung.
The results of the review are current to May 2017. The patient is a male adult with a heart of about 60 mm in length. The heart is in a stable condition. The airways are clear. The lungs are clear and the heart is still functioning. The main problem is a cyst in the left lower lobe of the heart. The surgery was performed to remove the cyst and the patient is still in a good condition. There is no new lung nodule in the upper lobe. There are no new pulmonary nodules in the lower lobe. The central airways of the lungs are patent. There was no new pleural effusion. There were no new lymphadenopathy or lymphadenitis in the heart or lungs. The body is still healthy.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart is normal in size. There is a small amount (4 mm) of blood in the heart and a small (1.5 cm) amount in the lungs. There are a few small (2.0 cm) nodules in the left lung and a few (1 mm) in the right lung. There was no evidence of a large (5 mm) nodule in the middle of the lung. The heart is not stable. There were no major changes in the structure of the heart. There may be a few new (5 cm/cm) nodles in the aortic arch. There has been a large and stable (1 cm/m) nodle in the arch of the aortal artery. There have been no new (2 cm/mm) noduls in the artery of the lungs, but there is a 5 mm nodule on the right side of the arch. The aorta is normal. There appears to be a sclerotic focus in the posterior right eighth rib on the left side of this rib on a bone island, likely a bone. There seems to be no new or new (1cm/m). There is no new abnormal (1m/m), or new, or new or more recent (1,000) or more significant (1) or new lesion in the abdominal aort. There could be a new or newer lesion at the end of the lumbar spine at the inferior endplate of L3, which may be an early Schmorl's node (a bone island). There are facet hypertrophic changes in aortas and lumbars in the lower lumbare area of the spine. There might be a lucent lesion on the endplate at the L3 (a new or less new) of the L5 (a joint in the spine) and a new (small
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2017. The main findings are as follows:. Chest: There are peribronchovascular groundglass (a type of airway) opacities in the right lower lobe, new since prior exam. There is no evidence of an increase in the size of the heart or of the pericardial effusion. There are no changes in the shape of the chest or in the structure of the lungs. There was no evidence that the heart was damaged. There were no changes to the shape or size of any of the other organs. There may be a small amount of blood in the blood pool in the left ventricle, but this is not a problem. There appears to be no change in the amount of oxygen in the airway. There has been no change to the size or shape of any other organs in the chest. There seems to be a lack of change in any of these. The heart size is normal. There does not appear to be any change in size of heart or lungs. The blood in both lungs is normal, and the blood in each of the organs is normal as well.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the EKG. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings were:. The heart size is stably large. There is no evidence of a large heart or pericardial effusion. There are no signs of a heart or a pericordial effusions. There was no evidence that the heart was damaged. There were no signs that the lungs were damaged. The lungs were not affected by any of the other types of lung disease. There may be some evidence of an increase in the amount of air in the lungs at the upper lobe of the lungs. There appears to be no evidence for a large lung or peri-lung effusion in the upper lobes of the lung. There seems to be some improvement in the number of patients with a large chest wall. There does not appear to be any evidence of any other major lung or lung disease in the body.
This is a summary of the results of a review of the findings of a study of the neck of a man with a severe case. The results of this review show that the neck is still in a very poor condition, with a large mass on the right thyroid lobe. The neck is also still in an unstable condition, and the neck has a large amount of blood in the veins. The body is still not able to breathe. The heart is still functioning well, and there is no evidence of a large, or a large pericardial effusion. The brain is still healthy, and is still able to move. The lungs are still functioning normally. The chest is still very weak, and has not been affected by the recent heart attack. The head is still weak, but the neck and neck have not been damaged. The upper and lower limbs are still in good condition. The left and right lungs are both in a poor condition.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart is still healthy and the heart size is normal. The heart is in a stable position. There is a 3 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe of the right lung, which is unchanged since 2014 and is not in a new place. There are no new pulmonary nodules. There was no new pleural effusion. There were no new fractures in the left lung. There may be a fusiform aorta in the aortic aortas of the aortal artery, which was previously 4.2 cm. There has been no new pericardial effusion, but there is a fumor in the aneurysm of the ascending thoracic aucta, which has not changed in size. There appears to be no new angina or other serious problems with the heart. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart and the lungs were in good condition. The heart was in good shape and the lung was in a good shape. The lungs had no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lung was not in the same condition as the other organs. The liver was in the normal size. The body was in very good condition and the body was not affected by the surgery. The chest was in poor condition and had a large hiatal hernia. The abdominal organs were in a very good shape, but there were no new signs of damage. The breast tissue was in excellent condition. There were no changes in the bone structure of the breast tissue. The neck was in great shape and there were a few new bone lesions. The rest of the body had no changes. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A 3 mm left apical nodule is unchanged (4/69). Numerous other sub-4 mm nodules are stable, including one in the left lower lobe (4.390). 2 mm calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No mediastinus/L lymph nodes: Mediasts, hilar, or axillary adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The heart port tip is at the heart and the aorta. The aortic valve is in the same place as the heart. The blood vessels are in the heart, and the heart is in place. The body is in a stable condition. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Ossesous structures: No new bone lesions or other aggressive bone damage.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the thoracic spine. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new and enlarging lung nodules or pleura. No major changes in the lungs. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. No lymph nodes or lymph nodes were found to be in the same place as the heart. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. No perichardial or pericordial effusions. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Pulp and Heart: No major or major pericarceration of the aorta. Pulps and Heart and Heart Vessels (PVC): No perics. Pulphic artery is large and healthy. Pulpit and Heart (SVC): Normal size. PVC (SV): No major perics or perics in the SVC. Pulpy (Pleurae) and Pulp (Pulmonary) vessels: No large pericocardial or pulmonary pericarcinoid or peri-pericardia. Pulphytic (Pluurae and Pulmonary) vessel: No pleurae or perico-peri-pulmonary effusion, pleuras or perichordial or pleurals. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous (Soft Tissues) and Osseus (Soft) Tissues: No serious bone lesions or perisomatous (soft) bone lesions (soft tissue).
This is a search for the results of a study of the tracheobronchial tree and the trachoma (trachoma) in adults with a heart attack. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheo-pleura tree is patent. The trachea is covered with a dark green leaf that is covered by a white ring of scarring. The left tracheal tree is covered in a dark blue ring of white. The right tracheae are covered in white. There is a white line of white in the middle of the right tracho-plaque. The upper lobe of the left trachos is covered up by a dark line of scarred tissue. The lower lobe is covered over by a black line of black. The middle lobe is surrounded by a thin line of dark green. The top of the upper lobe is not covered by any white. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aorta is normal. The lungs/airways/pleurae: No pleurae are affected. The lung is covered and the airway is not affected. There are no signs of aortic adenopathy. The body is not damaged. The lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathies. The thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the lung in a patient with a lung nodule in the right lung. The scan showed that the lung nodules were stable and there was no sign of a large lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The lung was also stable and the lung was not affected by any of the other lung nodles. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a review of MRI scans of the thoracic spine. The results show that the spine has been affected by age-related degenerative changes in the lungs and the heart. The spine is also affected by the heart and the lungs. The bone in the heart is also damaged. The heart and vessels are normal. The lungs are clear. The airways are clear and the airways and lungs are well-oxygenated. The body is still in good condition. The lung and heart are still functioning well. The chest is still functioning. The liver is still working well. There is no new or enlarging lung nodules. The blood vessels are still in place. The brain is not affected. The lymph nodes are still there. The neck is still intact. The rest of the body is in good health.
This is a summary of the results of a review of the findings of a series of CT scans of the lungs and heart. The results are current to May 2018. The main results are from the same study. The lung and heart are still in good condition. The lungs are still covered with a few new or enlarging nodules. The heart and the heart vessels are still normal. The airways are clear. The lymph nodes are still there. The body is still in a good condition and the body is not in a bad condition. No new or large nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The blood vessels are in good shape. The bone in the heart and lungs is still intact. The liver is still functioning well. The brain is still working well. No more or more new or larger nodules were found. The rest of the body was in good health.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan from the same scan. The scan showed a 5 mm nodule in the lung. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. The CT was not strong enough to show any signs of metastasis.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a marked improvement in the number of new and enlarging pulmonary nodules, for example a new nodule in the left lung (the mainstem) is 2.4 x 1.6 cm (previously 1.9 x 1,0 cm). New consolidations are seen in the right and left lungs (the lungs) and in the lungs (upper and lower lobes). There are new pleural effusions (diffusions in the airways) and a large increase in the size of the mainstem bronchi (the airways). The lungs are patent. The esophagus is patulous. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are unchanged. The heart is still in the same place as it was in the most recent CT. There is no change in the amount of blood in the heart or in the blood vessels. There are mild coronary calcifications (dissolving of the heart and arteries) and there is a slight improvement in blood flow to the heart. The lungs/airways/pleura are still in good condition. The lung is still covered with a large number of nodules. The airways are still patent. There was no change to the size or shape of the lungs or the lungs. The upper and lower lungs are still covered by a large amount of fluid. The pulmonary artery embolus (the heart) is still the same as it is in the other lungs. There were no changes in the pulmonary artery (the left lung) or the heart (the right lung). The heart chambers are still the size and shape of normal. There has been no change of the pulmonary vein (the pulmonary artery) or in any of the other pulmonary vessels. The left main pulmonary artery is still
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for the results from the US Cochrane Lung and Pulmonary Health Group. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes a total of 7,865 patients with a total age of 65 years. The main results were:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Platelike atelectasis in the lung bases. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No major changes in the lungs. No changes in lung function. Heart and Vessels: Heart and Heart and Cardiac Vessels (Aorta): Normal size. Trace pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery (Aurea): Aorta is normal size. Aortic artery (Borta) is normal. Aurea (Bord) is a large artery. Aetas: Aortas are normal size and shape. Ateas: No new and enlarging aortas. Aesthetics: No changes to the heart or aorta. No large changes to lung function or lung function in the heart. No significant changes to lungs or lungs in the aortic arteries. No other changes to other organs. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones or soft tissues. No serious bone or bone disease.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the thoracic spine. The results of this study were obtained from the same source. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new and large lung nodules or pleura. No major changes in the heart or lungs. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Heart, heart, and vessels: No changes in heart and heart vessels. Pulmonary artery: No change in the size of the aorta. Pulp: Normal course and size of aortic aortas. Pulps: Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortal vein. Heart: No major change in heart or aortia. Pulpit: No significant changes in pulmonary artery. Pulphus: No large changes in lung or lung nodule size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: No thyroid nodule. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in bone and muscle in the thorachis.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The CT scan showed that the heart is still very large and the heart valve is still large. Severe aortic valve calcification with diffuse thinseness of the heart and a large aneurysm is still seen. There is no evidence of a large vein or aorta. No other major problems were found. The scan showed no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The examination of the diaphragm wall showed that there was no evidence that the diphragm was damaged. The results of the CT scan did not show any signs of a new vein or aneury.
The results of the review show that the heart and vessels are enlarged and the heart appears to be in a stable position. The heart appears enlarged and there is a small pericardial effusion. The lungs/airways/Pleura: There is bibasil (bibasils) and reticular (reticulitis) in the right lung. There is a bibail (a type that is a type of scarring) in both the left and the right lobe of the lung. The right lung/airway is in a good position and the lungs/lungs/airline are in a very good position. There are no signs of a large or large pericordial effusions. The esophagus is in poor condition and the esphagus is collapsed. The upper esophageal wall is thickened. The stomach is in good condition and stable. The abdomen is in an unbroken position and stable with no signs that the stomach is inflamed. There was no evidence of a major or large blood clot in the liver. The body is in stable condition. The liver is in the same place as the heart. The rest of the body is stable and stable, with no major or major blood clot.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are up-to-date as of this date. The main findings are as follows:. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No pericardial effusion. The heart is in good shape. The aorta is in a good condition, but there is a slight narrowing of the aortic artery. The lungs are clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No lymph nodes are in the airways. The lymph nodes appear to be healthy. The liver is in the same condition as the heart. The kidneys are atrophied and atrophies. The body is in stable dextroscolia. There is no evidence of any other major or serious adverse events.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the results were similar to those of the last review. The main difference was that the patient had a tracheostomy and the patient was not in a critical condition. The results were not as good as the last time we looked at the results. The patient had an improved lung and airways and had a lower-side chest tube. The heart was not affected. The lungs were clear and the heart was normal. The chest tube had a small amount of fluid in the right side of the chest and was placed in the pleura (the space between the lungs and the airway) and was not placed in a way that could cause the lungs to fill with fluid. The left-side of the tube was not filled with any fluid. We did not find any signs of a heart or lungs that were at risk of aortic adenopathy. The other major changes of COVID were the improvement of the lung and the improvement in the airways.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the lung and airways of a man with a heart attack. The results show that the heart is in good condition, but the lungs are in poor health. The heart is not large and the lungs have a thickened wall. The lungs are not stable and the airways are not clear. The body is not well-oxygenated. The lung is not stable. The airways have a thin wall of thickened airways. The brain is not clear and the body is in poor condition. The blood flow to the heart and lungs is normal. The aorta is normal and the heart has aortic calcifications. The rest of the body has no new or enlarging nodules outside the radiation field. The liver is in normal condition.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are from a series of three high-resolution, high-resimised, high quality, high resolution, high definition, high contrast, high speed, high end, high performance, high precision, high resimised and low-resolution images. The review includes three main areas: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable subpleural nodules (the area where the lungs are in the body) in the right lung (the right lung) are unchanged and likely represent lymph nodes. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new lymph nodes or adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive bones or other bone lesions were found. No adenopathies were found in the heart or the heart vessels.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan from the same site in the same area of the lung. The results show a small, but stable, nodule in the right lung (1.3 cm) and a large, but not stable, lung nodule (4 mm) in the left lung (2.3 mm) and both are stable. The two nodules are not stable and the other nodules in the lung are stable, but the left and right lung nodules have increased. The left lung nodul is stable and there is no evidence of a new nodule. The right lung is stable. There is no new nodul in the lungs. The lung nodular area is not stable. Mild emphysema is present. There are no new signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No new lesions were seen.
The results of this study were obtained from a series of four high-resolution, high-speed, high quality, high resolution, high definition, high contrast, high speed, high end, high performance, high precision, high res, high intensity, high dynamic range, high level, high rate, low-resolution and low-res, high dose, high frequency, high grade, high volume, low dose, low to low-dose, low intensity, low rate, high and high-dose imaging.
This is a review of the results of a study of a large heart with a large number of arterial calcifications. The heart has been examined in a number of studies. The results show that the heart has a large amount of blood in the heart and the heart is enlarged. The blood is also leaking from the heart. The findings are based on a large study of the heart with large blood in a large area of the body. The main results are that the blood in this area is very large and the blood is leaking from both the heart (the heart and lungs). The heart is also very large (the lungs and the lungs). There is a small amount of lymphadenopathy in the lymphadenation (the blood in and out of the lymphademia) in the left lung (the lymphadema) and lymphadenitis (the swelling of the blood vessels in and around the lymphade). The lymphadenia is also in the right lung (where the lymphades are located) and the lymphodema (the fluid in and in the blood) in this region (where it is in and outside the lymphidema).
This is a review of the results of a study of the thoracic spine. The results of this study are up to date as of July 2019. The main results were: 1. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable post-surgery changes of the right lung. Patchy bilateral consolidations with associated bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 2. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessel size. No pericardial effusion. 3. Heart, Vessels and aorta: Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aporta. 4. Heart/Vulmonary Aorta and the Aortic Aortas: Moderate aortic calcifications. 5. Aortal artery: Moderate arterial calcifications and avalon. 6. Avental artery and aortal artery: Normal arterial size. 7. Aterior body: No major changes in the body. 8. The body is stable. 9. The heart and vessels: No perichardial or pericordial effusions. 10. The aortas and avental arteries are normal. 11. The lungs are clear. 12. The liver and the heart are clear and the aortal arteries and the pulmonary artery are normal size. 13. The abdominal organs are clear, and the body is normal. 14. The thoracics are stable. 15. The lung and heart are stable and the lungs are normal and the liver and heart and a ventilator are normal, and there is no major changes.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016, and the results are up-to-date as of April 2016. There is a small number of small, but stable, pleural effusions in the lungs, and a large, but not large, pericardial effusion in the heart. There are no other major or major heart or heart-related problems. There was no evidence of any other major heart, heart, or heart vessel problems. The main results of interest are the following:. The lungs/airways/Pleura: There are unchanged pleural and pericordial effusions, greater on the right, with a small atelectasis. There were no major heart and heart-line problems. No major heart-lung or heart heart-valve problems.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the results from a new imaging study with the results for the same study from the same site. The results show that the lung and airways were unchanged and the lung was stable. The lung was not affected by any new or enlarging of the lung nodules. The lungs were not affected. The airways and lungs were clear. The heart and the aorta were not changed. The body was not damaged. The bone in the lungs was not changed and the heart and aortic vessels were not damaged, but the heart was not large. The blood vessels were normal size. No new or large lung nodule was found. The brain was not altered. The liver was not in any major or major or minor problems. The abdomen was not involved. The thoracic spine was not disturbed. The patient was not at risk of any other serious or serious adverse events.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the lung. The results show that the lung is stable and the lung wall is thickened. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The lung is still stable and there is no change in lymphadenitis. The lymph nodes in the lung are stable and no new lesions have been found. The left lung is also stable and has no new lymphadenopathies. The right lung is not stable and is still covered by a thickened wall of lymph. The lungs are still stable.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the findings of a large study of a heart and heart vessels. The results show that the heart and the heart vessels are enlarged and the lungs and lungs have been affected by a number of different types of airways and lungs. The heart and vessels are in a large area of the heart with aortic ossification. The lungs have a large number of small, but not large, airway and lung bleeds. The lung wall is thick and the airways are in poor condition. The airways have been damaged by a large amount of airway blockage. The body has been damaged in the lungs.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleura (fracture) in the lungs. No new or large lung nodules were seen in the heart or lungs. The heart and vessels were normal. The airways were clear. The body was not affected by any new or larger pleura or pleurae. The liver was not damaged. The stomach was not changed. The rest of the body was in good condition. The results of this review are current to May 2018.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are that the blood flow to the lungs has been increased in both lungs. There is no evidence of a large, large, or large-scale arterial blockage. There are no signs of a new lung blockage or a new blockage in the lungs. The blood flow through the lungs is still normal.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The patient is a woman with a breast cancer. The radiologist found that the patient had a small left pleural effusion in the left lung. The heart is enlarged. The lymph nodes are stable. The body is stable. There is mild edema with mild pulmonary edema. There are no signs of a new lung nodule. The lungs are stable and the patient is in good condition. The diaphragm area is stable and no new lung is found. The bone structure of the heart is stable, but the heart has a large number of foci scattered throughout the body. There was no new heart or lung nodules. The breast is stable but the body is in poor condition.
The results of this study are up to date as of August 2019. The results of the study were compared to the results of a study from August 2021. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large number of nodules in the right lung and a large amount of scarring in the left lung. There is an increase in the number of small, but stable, nodules and a small amount of growth in the lung in the upper lobe. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are normal. No pericardial effusion. The aorta (a large artery) is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are present. The heart is not large enough to be a heart or aortic artery. The lungs are not large or too large to be an aort or a pericordial artery. There was no evidence of a large, but not large, lung or a heart adenopathy. The lung is not too large or large to cause a heart and a heart vessel to be too large. The blood vessels are not too big or too small. The body is not big or not big enough to cause an achromatopoietic or achrocystitis. The liver is not very large or very large. There were no signs of a heart attack or a stroke. The lymph nodes are not big and not large.
This is a comprehensive review of the results of a comprehensive study of the lung and airways of a man with a heart-dent in the thoracic spine. The results show that the lung is still healthy, but the airways are not clear. The heart and the heart are still healthy. The lungs are still clear. There is no evidence of any new or enlarging of the lungs. The body is still in a stable condition. The lung is not in a critical condition. There are no new or large changes in the heart or the aorta. The liver is still functioning normally. The kidneys are still functioning well. The abdomen is still stable. The brain is still working well.
This is a search of the medical records for the results from the US and the UK. The results of this search were not found. The main results were: - Fat necrosis is again noted in the anterior upper abdomen. - No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. - There is no evidence of a large lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. - The results were not reported in the UK and the results were inconclusive.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the lungs and airways of a man with a heart attack. The results of the CT scan showed that the heart and vessels were normal. The lungs were not affected by the heart attack and the heart was not damaged. The lung was not affected. The airways were not damaged and the lungs had no new lung nodules. The body was not in any pain. The heart was normal and the aorta was normal. There was no evidence of any new lung or airway nodules or pleural effusion. The blood vessels were not ruptured. The bone in the heart were normal and there was no new bone in either lung. The lymph nodes were normal, and the lymph nodes had no adenopathy. The bones in the body were not in pain.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the published and unpublished data from a large study of the thoracics of adults with a heart and lungs. The results show that the heart, lungs and lungs are in a state of normal size and the lungs are clear. The heart and the aorta are in good condition. The lungs are not affected by any of the other major problems. The body is still in good health. The liver and the heart are in normal condition. There is no evidence of any new or more serious heart or lung disease. There are no new or worse-than-usual bone or lung lesions. The lung and heart are still in a good condition and the body is in a normal condition, but the heart and aortic vessels are not in a very good condition, and the liver and aortal arteries are not large. The brain and the lung are in the same condition.
The results of this review are up to date as of the results of the most recent review. The results of a full-scale search of the medical records were not found. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Biapical paraseptal emphysema and pleuroparenchymal scarring. No new or enlarging lung nodules. Stable right apical 7 mm nodule (5/67). No new and enlarging lungs nodules (5.67). Stable left apical 2.3 cm nodule. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be in good condition. No pericardial effusion. Coronary and aortic mild calcifications including aortics (aortic valve leaflets) are seen. No other major or minor abnormalities were found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the study. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable post-radiation changes in the right and the left lungs. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Focal bronchiectasis and mucoid impaction in the inferior lingula (4:237). Clusters of micronodules (small pieces of airway obstruction) in the left lung (4-167,181) and left lung with a large number of microns (4):267 and 4:289. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a hole in the aorta) or pericordial effusions (a blockage of the aortal artery). Coronary artery, aortic valve and aortics: No peri- and arias. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Left renal cysts. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and are up-to-date as of the date of this update. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable nodule along the left major fissure, probably benign and parenchymal lymph node. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Mild biatrial enlargement. Ascending aorta measures 5.0 cm as on prior exam. Coronary artery, aortic and aortics (the main arteries of the heart) calcified. Course calcification right anterior chest wall. No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the right shoulder. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones or bone lesions in the body. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results are current to May 2016. The main results are based on a single image from a CT of the lung. The lung apices are not clearly seen. The lungs are not well-defined and the airways are patent. The heart is large and the heart is in a stable position. The airways and lungs are clear. The body is not in a major or majorly ill condition. The blood flow to the lungs is normal. The brain is not well defined and the brain is in good condition.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the lung. The results show that the lung nodules are stable, but there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The lung nodule in the right lung is stable and the lung in the middle lobe is stable. There is no lymphadenitis or pleurispiral effusion in the lung and no aggressive osseous lesion is seen. The findings of this study are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the lung and airways of a man with a heart attack. The results are current to May 2016. The patient had a heart event in the upper left lung and was found to have a large hernia in the lower lung. The heart and lungs were examined in a series of tests. The blood flow to the heart was normal. The airways were examined and the heart and the lungs were not affected. The body was not affected by any of the other problems. The main results were: (1) Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A patch with a large, well-defined, and well-preserved patch with air bronchograms and a nodular (a nodular) in the left lung (6/126) is nonspecific in absence of similar imaging. (2) Lung and airway (6) Lung (6): A patch of atelectasis (a band of atemorrhage) in a large and well defined area of the left lobe (6). (3) Lung/airway (5): A band of aortic atelectas (a group of atmolecule) in an area of atmebula (a type of blood vessel) in both lungs (6), (4) and (5) in each lung (5). (6:) and 5) in one lung (2): (3): (4): (5:) (6, (6 and 7) in all) in two lungs (2, (7 and 8) in three lungs (4, (5, (8) in four lungs (5 and 6) in five) in six) in seven lungs (7, (9, (10, (11, (12, (13, (14)) in six)) in one lungs (3, (15, (16, (18, (19, (22
The results of this review are up to date as of the results of the review. The results of a full-scale study of the lung and airways of a woman with breast cancer. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobranchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchia (diffuse thickening) in the upper lobe of the lungs. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been found. The right axillary node has been dissection and now measures up to 1 cm. The left axillary nodes have decreased in size and now measure up to a cm. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The heart is normal. The aorta is normal and the aortic valve is normal, but the aureus is not large. The port in the chest wall is not well-formed. The lymph nodes are not large and the lymph nodes do not have any adenopathy. The body is not in any pain. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Unremarkable. Ossoes and Soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The main findings are that the left lung nodule in the right lung is stable and the lung nodules in the left and right lung nodles are stable. The lung nodle in the lower lobe is stable, but the lung in the upper lobe is not. There is no evidence of lymphadenitis or pleural effusion. There are no signs of lymphadontal lymphadenopathy or lymphadenic lymphadenia in the lungs. The body of the lung is still stable and there is no sign of lymphodiligia in either lung. The L1 vertebra body is unchanged.
This is a systematic review of the results of a study that looked at the results from a large study of the lungs of a man with a heart and aortic valve. The results show that the heart is still the same size and the aorta is the same. The lungs are still the largest and the lungs are the most affected. The heart is the largest. The aortas are the largest, the aortal artery is the most important and the heart and the pulmonary artery are the least. The lung is the least affected. There is no evidence of any other changes in the lungs. The body is still healthy. The liver is still normal. The brain is still functioning. The rest of the body is healthy.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this new study show that the lung base of the tracheobronchial tree with patent is still intact, but the tree has been damaged and the airway wall thickened. The tree is still in place and the lungs are still in good condition. The lungs are also in good shape, but there is a slight loss of the airways and a small amount of airway obstruction. The heart and vessels are still intact. The aortic artery and aorta are still functioning as normal. The left 10th rib is still stable and the heart and aortal artery are still healthy.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are based on a series of three CT scans of the lungs and one of the heart. The lungs were examined in a total of three different ways. The first was a series 4 CT of the lung and the other two were neck CTs. The lung scan showed a slight decrease in the amount of blood in the lungs. The neck CT showed a small amount of fluid in the lung. The heart and the heart vessels were normal. The body was not affected. The liver and the lungs were not affected and the body was well-preserved. The brain was not damaged. The rest of the body and the brain were not damaged and the rest of it was well preserved. The other results were similar. The findings of the neck CT were similar to the neck scan. The two CTs were of the same size and were of similar size. The head CT was of the highest quality. The thoracic spine was of similar length and was of a similar size to the brain. The blood in both lungs was not changed. The airways were clear. The abdominal organs were not changed and the blood in and out of the abdomen was not altered.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Lung and Pulmonary (Cochrane) Group. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes data from three separate studies. The main results are from the Cochrane Group.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable 5 mm left lower lobe nodule (5: 89). Stable superior segment right lower lobe 2 mm nodule. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No heart or heart vessel calcifications. Coronary artery calcifications: No calcifications in the heart. The heart is stable. The aorta: No new, or enlarged, or stable calcifications, or pericordial effusions. The lungs/Airway: No pleura: No perichordial or pleura effusion, or pleural or perichorax, or any other adverse events. The body is in good condition. The blood vessels: No changes in the blood vessels. The liver: No change in the lymph nodes. The lymph nodes: No adenopathy. The bone in the neck: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No large bone lesions or other adverse effects.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs and airways were not affected by the surgery. We did not find any evidence of a change in the heart or the heart valves. We also found no evidence of any changes in the lungs or heart valves, but the heart and heart valves were not damaged. We were able, in part, to see that the heart was still functioning as normal. We are not able to see any changes to the lungs, but we did see a slight increase in the amount of mucous in the trachea. We could not see any change in any of the other parts of the lungs. We do not know if the heart valve was damaged.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the findings of a randomised controlled study of a group of adults with a mild to moderate case of fibrotic lung disease. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings were: 1. Lung nodules: Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 6 mm in the posterior right lower lobe (4/210). No new or enlarging lung nodles. 2. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stables and stable. No new lung nodule or pleura. 3. Lung and airways/pleura/Lymph nodes: St stable and stable, with no new or large lung nodulae. 4. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be of good size and the aortic valve leaflets are well-consolidated. Mild calcifications of the aorts are seen. 5. Heart/Vulva: Mild calcification of the heart valve leaflets is seen. 6. Heart, heart and vessels: No pericardial effusion. 7. Heart (Aortic) and vessels (Aveic) are well healed. 8. Heart is well-preserved. 9. Heart was not affected by the treatment of the disease. 10. Heart had no new adenopathy. 11. Heart appeared to be well-formed. 12. Heart did not have any new adena. 13. Heart vessels were well-maintained. 14. Heart valves were well healed and the heart was well-constructed. 15. Heart chambers were well formed. 16. Heart valve was well formed and the vessels were not affected. 17. Heart tube was well healed, but the aortal vessels were slightly clamped. 18. Heart tubes were well preserved. 19. Heart pump was well preserved and the blood supply to the heart and the vessel was well maintained. 20. Heart artery
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of June 2021. The review includes the following:. The mass in the upper lobe of the esophagus is large and has a large amount of fluid and is covered with a thick, wet lining. The rest of the mass is stable and has not been affected by the disease. The main part of the body is still intact and the mass has not changed in size. The remaining parts of the large mass have been affected but have not been damaged. The large mass is not large enough to be of any major concern. The body is not stable enough to cause a problem. The heart and vessels are still normal. The lungs are still healthy and the lungs are not affected. The esophagus is still covered with thick, dry and wet lining and the esphagus is still filled with fluid and debris. The pericardium (a large, flat area of the heart) is still stable and the peri-pericardial effusion (a small, flat, flat part of a heart) remains stable. The lymph nodes (lungs) and lymph nodes are still intact. The lung wall is still thick and the airway is still open. The airway and the lung wall are still open and the body remains healthy.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are up-to-date as of this date. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild lower lobes (bronchiectasis) are the most common. Stable 1.1 cm (1.1 in cm) groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe (3:199) has been stable since at least 2007. St stable lymph node (3-341) has remained in the same place (3):341. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No lymph nodes or lymph nodes are in the airways. No other abnormalities were found. The heart and Vessels: Heart and Vessel: Left heart wall pacemaker pulse generator leads end in the atrium and right ventricle. Heart is normal in size. Heart and vessels: Heart is stable. Heart has aortic valve repair and aorta repair. Aortic artery and aportic calcifications. Coronary artery and calcifications are not seen. Corons in the aortas are not found. No major or minor fissures. The main artery is 38 mm long and the main pulmonary artery is 30 mm long. The aortus is not large. The lungs are not well-formed. The lung is not well healed. The airways are not clear and the lungs are still not well. The lymph nodes and lymph nodes have not been changed. The blood vessels are not in the way they were in the past. The liver is not in a bad condition. The spleen is not affected
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The main findings are that the right lung is stable and the right atrium is still open. There is no new or enlarging lung nodule. There are no new lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There was no new angiogenic lymphadenitis or pleurispiral lymphadema. There were no new and enlarging lymphadenopathies in the right lungs. The left lung is still stable and there is no pleural or angiogastric effusion (a swelling of the lung). There is a small but stable lymphadenoid nodule in the left lung. There remains a large and stable lymph node in the upper left lung (the 'head of the head'). There is also a large lymph node on the right side of the lungs (the "head of head of the neck"). There is still a large, but stable, lymphadenic lymphadenogastrocyte (a lymph in the neck) in the middle of the right chest. There has been no new growth of lymphadenodilator (a device that helps to drain the lymph in this area) or lymphadenopulmonary lymphadenation (a tumour in the lung that is not in the lungs). There are still a few lymph nodes in the lower left lung and the head of this lymph in a small area (the head of head).
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. No perichardial or pericordial effusions. Heart, Vessels and Pulmonary Aorta: No arterial calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications in the coronary and aortal arteries and the aortas. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the thoracics of the spine.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Diffuse bilateral groundglass opacities. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Severe coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. No calcifications of the aorta. No pericardial effusion (a hole in the heart) or pericordial effusions (a narrowing of the heart). No peri- and pericardiadial effusions. No other major or major arterial or vein defects. No major or minor arterial and vein defects or peri and peri adenopathy. No large or large arterial, vein or vein calcifications or perico- and ariodenal effusion or perichordial or periepulmonary effusion, or periaplasty. No arterial artery and valve calcified. No aortal arch calcified or perio- and aneurysm. No significant arterial/vascular or arterial adenocarcinoma. No lymph nodes. No thoracic adenitis. No aggressive bone lesions. No new or large bone lesions were found.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are from the CT scans of the lungs, heart and lungs. The lungs are stable and the lungs are clear. The heart and the heart and heart and blood vessels are normal. The lung is stable and there is no evidence of a large mass in the lungs. There is a small pleural effusion in the right lung. The airways are clear and the airways and lungs are well-oxygenated. The body is stable. The neck is stable with no new lesions. The right leg is stable but the bone around the neck is not well-formed. The left leg is not stable and has a large bone in the neck. The bone around this bone is not fully healed. The spinal cord is stable, but the body is not completely healed. There are a few new lesions in the vertebrae of the neck and the rib. The rib is not healed and the bone in this area is not yet fully healed, but there is a large and stable bone in it.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are up-to-date as of this date. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild bronchial wall thickening. No new or enlarging nodules. No pericardial effusion. No major changes of the heart or lungs. No changes of lymph nodes. No change of the liver. No significant changes of lung or lung tissue. No other changes of any other organs. The heart and vessels: Cardiomegaly with aortic valve replacement and aorta repair. Aortic calcifications. No heart or heart vessel enlargement. No large or large pericordial effusions. No lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the neck. No thoracic adenopathy. No signs of lymph node or lymph node enlargement in the chest. No evidence of aortal calcification. No calcification of the lungs. The liver: Calcified granulomata in the liver (granulomatas) in the body. No more or less calcification in the left breast. No further surgery. The neck: No new nodules or new pericardiogram. No additional periccardial effusions. No arterial calcifications in the heart. No aortics in the aortas. No blood vessels in the lungs or heart.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the size of the lung nodules in the right lung and the lungs in the left lung. The lung nodles were not changed in size. The lungs were not affected by any new or enlarging of the nodles. The heart and the heart vessels were not damaged. The airways were clear. The liver and the liver were not in any major or major problems. The body was not in a major or severe condition. The brain was not affected. The rest of the body was in good condition. There was no evidence of any new lung nodule or lung enlargement. The blood vessels were in good shape. The lymph nodes were in the same size as before. The hiatal hernia was not large. The abdominal organs were not significantly changed. The bone in the heart and heart vessels was in the normal size. There were no new or large lung nodulae. The aorta was in a good shape and the aortic artery was in normal size and the mitral annulus was in an excellent condition. No new or larger lung nodle or lung nodular enlargement were found. The other organs were in a very good condition and the body did not have any new problems.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are that the lung nodules are stable, with a few small, stable nodules in the left lung and a few large, stable ones in the right lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are no signs of lymphangioma in the neck or in the vertebrae. There was no evidence that the diaphragm area was affected. The radiologist did not find any evidence of any other major problems.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the lung. The results show that the lung nodules are stable and stable, with no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. The main findings were from the diaphragm scan.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The CT scan showed that there were a number of small, non-specific lung nodules in the left lung. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There were no signs of a large lung cancer. The results of the CT scan did not show any signs of an arterial blockage.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes three new images. The main results are from the same three-part series. The first two images show that the lung nodules are stable, with one new nodule in the right upper lobe on the first image. The other two images are from a new series and show that there is a new nodules in the left lung on the third image. There is no new nodul in the lung on this new image. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. Mild subtle groundglass opacities in the lower lobe are nonspecific and may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology (image 338). There is a small hiatal hernia (hiatal hole) in the neck of the lung (image 221). No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 198. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was an enlargement of the lymph nodes in the left axilus (the lymph node in the middle of the body) measuring 1.0 cm in short axis. There is an S-shaped scoliosis in the neck. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No pericardial effusion (a hole in the heart) or pericordial effusions (a narrowing of the aorta). The heart and vessels: The aortas are in good shape. The heart is in good size. The aortal vessels are in a good condition and the aortal artery is in a very good condition, but the aural vessels are not in good health. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The results of this study were compared with the results of the same study in a total of 12 adults with a total age of 65 years. The results of both the study and the review were published in the same year. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new and enlarging lung nodules or pleura. No consolidation of the lung nodule. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: No perichardial or pericarial effusions. The heart and vessels are normal size. Pulmonary artery is normal size and the aorta is normal. Upper Abdomen: The results were not reported. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm in size. No abnormal swelling of the main vein in the lungs. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No other major or minor blood clotting or swelling of blood vessels. The heart and vessels are normal. The blood vessels are in good condition. The lungs are clear. The airways are clear, and the lymph nodes are clear and well-preserved. The lymph nodes have a low level of lymph flow. The body is in good health. The major vein in both lungs is large and the main artery is large. The aorta is normal. No major or major blood clot in the aortic vein. The thoracic aortas are normal, and there is no evidence of any other major blood clots. The bone in the thoracics is normal and the bone in both legs is well-resolved. The bones in the abdomen are normal and well healed. The rest of the body is well and well.
This is a search for all the data from the published up to May 2019. The search was done by the Cochrane Group. The results are current to May 2018. The main results are up to date as of May 2019 and are up-to-date. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are scattered tree-in-bud nodular opacities in the left lung, right lung, and right lung. Some of these nodular oedema (hole) appear to be larger from; for example, right apical nodularity (series 2, image 78). There is a trace right pleural effusion with overlying subsegmental atelectasis. There is no evidence of a large airway obstruction. There are no signs of a pneumothorax (hole in the airway) in the lungs. There was no evidence that the lungs were blocked by a large blood clot. There were no signs that the lung was blocked by an airway. The left lung was not blocked by any of the other lungs. The right lung was obstructive to the airways. The lung was also not blocked with a small blood clot in the lung. The lungs were not blocked in the other lung. There appears to be a small amount of blood in the right lung and the lungs are not blocked. There may be a few small blood vessels in the heart and the aorta. There seems to be no evidence to show that the heart was blocked. The heart and vessels are not damaged. The aortic chambers are not affected. The chest wall is not damaged and the heart is not blocked, but there is a small hole in the aurethral valve. There does not appear to have a large amount of fluid in the chest wall. There appear to not be any signs of an obstruction of the air passages. The breast is not affected by any major changes. The body is
The results of the post-mortem examination of the heart, lungs, and lungs were not reported. The heart and vessels were not affected by the surgery. The lungs were clear of any abnormal or harmful effects. The airways were clear and the lungs were well-preserved. There was no evidence of a large or large-scale obstruction of the airways. The blood vessels were clear. The body was not affected. The bone in the heart was not damaged. The bones in the lungs and lungs appeared to be in good condition. The chest was not disturbed. The upper body was unaltered. The rest of the body was well-sorted.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are that there is a large number of small, non-specific lung nodules in the lung. There is no evidence of a large, aggressive lesion in the lungs. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is a summary of the results of a review of the findings of a study of the trachea, bronchus and lungs. The results of the review show that the trach and lungs are in good condition. There is a large amount of secretions/debris (secretions/dissolving air) in the tracema, the bronchum and the left bronchu. There are no signs that the lungs are blocked or that there is a blockage of the airways. There was no evidence of a blockages of the lungs or of the lung. There were no signs of a lung blockage or of a leaky airway. There may be a lymph node in the lung (an enlarged lymph node) in a vein (a lymph node is a lymph in the lymphatic system). There is no evidence that there are any other major problems.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The CT scan was done in a small area of the chest and showed no signs of a large hernia. The results of the CT scan showed that the diaphragm was not damaged. The diaphragma was not affected. The scan showed no evidence of a new pleural effusion with a small atelectasis (a swelling of the airway). No new lymphadenopathy was seen. The hernia was not large. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen in the hernia and no other serious or serious adverse events were found.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the body and tail of the patient were well-defined and homogenised, with no signs of a major problem. The body and neck were well defined and well-formed, and the body was well-shaped. The patient had a large amount of fluid in the aorta (a large vein in the heart) and a large number of small foci of air in the airway (the aortic arch). The aortal arch was repaired and the aortal artery was repaired. The heart was also repaired and aortical artery was re-luged. The aortal arch was reattached and the extra branch of the aletic graft was ligated at the origin of the artery. The main vessels were repaired and re-taken. The operation was done in the middle of the day and the operation was not done in a night. The surgery was done at night. There was no evidence of aortitis (a blockage of the blood supply to the aorts) or aortisia (a clot in the artery) in the lungs. The liver and biliary tree were not affected. The bile duct was not affected, and there was no sign of a blockage in the liver. The blood flow to the liver was normal. The lungs were not damaged. The abdomen was not damaged, and no evidence was found of a pericardial effusion. The left kidney was not impaired. The right kidney was well defined, and had no signs that it had been damaged. There were no signs or signs of an obstruction in the bowel. The abdominal wall was not blocked. The bowel was not impassable. The brain was not ruptured. The lung was not broken. The neck was not fractured. The sternotomy was not performed in the same way as the other surgery. The surgical team did not find any evidence of
The results of this study were based on a total of 4,297 CT scans. The main findings were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas (granulomas are the cells that make up the lungs) in the left lung (4:297). There is a sub-2 mm nodule in the lower lobe (4.297). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: For findings in the abdomen/pelvis, please see the separate CT report Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found, except for a possible small (and possibly prominent) brain foramen in the right mandible (which may also represent a prominent (and very prominent) foramen). No evidence of a large (and probably prominent) abscess in this region. Partially visualized cervical spine: The spine shows some changes, including endplate (endplate is a type of bone disease) and a possible lack of blood flow to the brain.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The cystic lesion at the level of the thoracic inlet measuring up to 1.9 x 1.3 cm in series 3 image 52 is unchanged in size compared to the prior study and slightly deviates the esophagus to the left. The fluid within the anterior mediastinal compartment is also unchanged no adenopathy. The heart and vessels: Normal size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating hepatic lesions which are too small to be seen on chest CT. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in the thorachis and other parts of the spine.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the results are up to date as of May 2016. We also found that there is a small hernia in the chest. We did not find any new adenopathy in the right breast. We were able to obtain a CT of the chest and the heart and found that both were normal. We are not able to tell whether there is any new disease in the lungs or the heart. We could not find evidence of any new lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the neck or the lungs. We do not know if there is new adenaemia in the left breast. There is no new adema in the breast. The heart and the vessels are normal. There are no new or new adenos. We have not found any new or more adenophysicous adenopathies in the heart or the vessels. We cannot tell if there are any new and more adenos in the lung or the chest or if there were any new in the thyroid. We can tell that there are no more adesions in the liver or the lung. We only found one new adesion in the brain and one in the sternum. We judged the size of the adenoid to be about the same as the size in the other two. We concluded that the main results were not of high enough quality to be able to be sure of the true extent of the disease.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart and lungs were normal in size. There were no signs of heart or lung edema or other problems. The heart was not large, but there were some calcified calcifications of the coronary arteries. The lungs were not large enough to be seen in the blood. The lung was not big enough to cause a lung edematitis. The pulmonary arteries were not big, but the pulmonary artery was large. The blood vessels were not too large. There was no evidence of a large or large blood clot in the lungs. The body was not too big to cause any other problem. The liver was not very large, and the lungs were too large for any other problems to be found. The brain was not damaged. The rest of the body was normal. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study show that the number of soft tissue nodules in the right middle lobe of the lung has decreased compared to the previous study. This is due to the presence of a large effusion in this region. The number of the right lower lobe nodules has also decreased. The size of the effusion is not large, but the size of it is large. The amount of the fluid in the airways is not clear. The heart and vessels are normal. The lungs are clear. No new or large pleural effusions. The right lung is still in a stable condition. The left lung is in a very low position. The body is still functioning well. The main results of the study are that the lung is stable, but there is a small amount of fluid in it. The airways are clear, and the heart and the vessels are still in the same place. The lung is not in a high position, but it is in the middle of the body. The blood flow to the lungs is normal. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lymph nodes are still thickened, but not as much as in the previous studies. The bone structure of the heart is still healthy. The aorta is still normal.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan from the same patient. The patient is a woman with a small hernia and is in a stable condition. The scan showed that the patient had a low-grade hernia. The radiologist did not find any signs of an aggressive lesion in the hernia, but the hernias were small and the herniations were not large. The results of the CT scan did not show any signs that the herneal hernia was large.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this study are current to May 2016. The main results are from the CT scans of the lungs and the heart. The lungs are clear. The heart and the aorta are normal. The airways are clear and the lungs are stable. The lung is not in a stable condition. The aortic aortas are not in an abnormal condition. There is no evidence of any new or enlarging of the aortal nodules. The blood vessels are not blocked. The body is not at risk of a heart or lung blockage. The lymph nodes are not affected. The bone in the lung is still intact. The bones in the heart and vessels are still in a normal condition.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The patient was found to have a new pleural effusion with a loculation in the left fissure. The fluid was found in the upper lobe of the brain and was likely to be from a large atelectasis. The left lobe of this atelectus was also found to be atelectal. The other lobe of atelectas was not found to show any signs of at electasis. There is a 5.0 x 2.2 cm gas-containing retrosternal fluid collection at the inferior aspect of the sternum (image 401, series 3). Additional smaller pockets of likely hemorrhagic fluid are found in a small area of the anterior mediastinum. A trace pericardial effusion is found, and a trace perisophagus is found. No other major or serious adverse events were found.
The results of this study are up to date as of the date of the study. The results of the review are current to May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 5 mm (5 mm) calcified nodule in the upper lobe of the left lung (4/190) is stable and stable 5 mm groundglass nodule (4-202) is in the superior segment of the lung (2/202). No new or enlarging lung nodules are noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be stable and the aorta is normal. Stable trace pericardial fluid, likely physiological, is found in the aortal vessels. No new, or enlarged, lung nodule is noted. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Ossesous structures: No new bone lesions or new or large bone lesions are noted in the body.
The results of this review are up to date as of the results of the review. The results of a full report were not available. The review was done in the USA and the results were not published in the UK. The main results were:. The examination of the lungs/airways/pleura/lungs/pulmonary nodules: No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The right lung was found to have calcified granulomas (granulomas) in the upper lobe of the lung. The left lung was also found to be calcified. The upper lobe was found with calcified lymphadenopathy (lung nodules) in both lungs. The other lung was not found to show any signs of calcified nodules. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. The aorta is normal in shape. The blood vessels are normal. The body is well-preserved. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The included portion of the thyroid gland was unremarkable and the other parts of the body were not found. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found in the body. The bone in the right lung (5/299) is indeterminant.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The patient was found to be in good health. The heart is not enlarged. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in size. The left lung is not affected. The right lung is still in good condition. The lungs are not affected by any of the other major problems. The body is still able to breathe. The lung is also able to move. The blood flow to the lungs is still normal. The brain is still functioning. The liver is still working. The kidneys are still functioning as normal. There is no new lung nodule. No new lung or lung nodules were found. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion was found. The kidney collecting system is still intact. The urine sample is still not seen. The remaining kidney collecting area is still filled with urine. The rest of the body is not in good shape.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the lung and airway in a man with a lung cancer. The results show that the lung is still in a stable and stable condition. There is no evidence of a large or large lung edema. There are no signs that the lungs are in a major or major problem.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the findings of a large study of a heart and heart chambers. The heart is a large and well-developed heart with aortic and aorta calcifications. The lungs are well-formed and the airways are patent. The airways and lungs are clear and clear. The lung nodules are stable and the lungs are not affected by any of the other problems. The left and right lungs are also well-preserved. The right lungs have a large number of nodules and are not damaged. The lymph nodes are stable. The thyroid lobe is not affected. The aortas are not in a large or large amount of pain. The blood vessels are well healed and the heart and the aortal chambers are well formed. The body is not in pain.
The results of the review show that the heart and lungs are in good condition. The heart appears to be stable and the lungs are well-preserved. The lungs are covered with a few calcified granulomas. The airways are patent. The lymph nodes are stable and no new or enlarging lymph nodes have been found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The body is well-surgically well-maintained. The blood vessels are well healed and the heart appears normal. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017.
This is a summary of the results of a CT of lung and airway examination. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent tracheobronchial tree. New rounded groundglass opacities in the right upper lobe, which are likely to be an infection, and a new pleural effusion, new from the same day. Stable central right middle lobe nodularity. No pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Improved right paratracheal/hilar adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in length. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The heart and heart vessels are not large or of high size. The pericardial effusion is small. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis.
This is a comprehensive search of the medical record up to May 2015. The results of this search are up to date as of May 2015 and are up-to-date as of April 2015. We found that the following were found:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Nodularities along the major fissures, for example 4 mm nodule on the left side (3/257) and 5 mm on the right side (2/259), are likely to represent lymphadenopathy. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The lymphadenic lymph nodes: Diffuse lymphadenitis in the lymph nodes, including 1.4 cm, 1.3 cm and 1.2 cm in the subcarinal lymph node and 1 cm in both the hilar and the hilar. The included portion of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta: The aortal vessels are normal in length and size. The heart is not large and the aortic vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Cervical spine hardware is noted.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mosaicism in the lungs with lobular shaped lucencies, likely due to small airway disease; however, the results were not fully assessed. Curvilinear and linear bands of atelectasis in the lingula, lower lobes and middle lobe. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. No other major changes in the lung. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. The lymph nodes: No new lymph nodes were found. The right hilar 8 mm lymph node is not enlarged by size criteria, but the lymph nodes in the left deltoid are larger. The left axillary lymph nodes, which were not seen in the previous study, were not found. Surgical material in the right breast was found in the same place as in the first study. No major changes were found in any of the other lymph nodes. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta: The aortal vessels appear to have a normal course and size. The lungs: No major change in the size of the lungs. The lung nodule in the thyroid gland was not seen on the first and second study.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are current up to date as of May 2016, and the main results were from a new search for the results. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs with mild mosaicism in the bases, likely due to the use of a special type of camera to obtain a high-resolution image. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. Curvilinear bands of atelectasis in the middle lobe and the inferior lingula. Micronodule in the left upper lobe (5/146) is nonspecific. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. Curvoid fat deposition in the heart is likely due in part to a prior heart infarct. No pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary calcifications. The aorta: No perichardial or aortic calcifications were found. The heart is in good shape. The blood vessels: No calcifications or pericordial effusions were found in the aortas. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Asymmetrically prominent right breast fibroglandular parenchyma.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the findings of a large study of a heart and lungs. The results of this study were obtained from a large search of the medical record. The main results were: 1. The heart: The heart appears to be normal in shape and size. The lungs: The lungs are stable with a stable and well-defined upper lobe with a large and well defined airway. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No new lung adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. No other major changes were seen in the heart. The body of the thyroid gland: The thyroid is unremarkable. The thyroid gland is not large and the thyroid is not affected by the heart or lungs. No changes in the body of thyroid. The neck: The neck is stable and the neck of the neck is not damaged. The vertebrae of the vertebraes of the spine are stable and not affected. The spine of the back of the body is not changed. The back of both legs are not affected and the back and neck are not damaged, but the vertebral bodies of the legs are slightly bent. The bone of the heart is not broken. The aortic valve: The aortal vessels: Severe calcification of the aorta. Severe triple-vessel coronary and aortal calcification. Seemingly stable and stable calcification in the aortal valve (a new occurrence) in the right aort. Mild calcification (a change) of the left aorto-valvular leaflets (a small hole in the valve) in both the aventrum and the aterolus (a hole in its own valve). No new bone lesions. The left atero-ventrum and ateroplasty (a narrowing of the artery) are stable. The right ateroid (a large hole in aortus) is stable
This is a summary of the results of a CT of lung and heart and a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis. The results of the CT scan were not available for the lung and the heart. The CT scan showed that the lung was normal in size and the lungs were clear. The heart was normal and the blood vessels were clear, but the heart was not large. The lungs were not affected by any of the other problems. The lung was not affected with any of these. The liver was normal. The lymph nodes were not damaged. The thyroid was not damaged, and the thyroid was normal, but there were no signs of a hernia. The body was not in any of its usual stages of disease.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes three main areas: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 5 mm groundglass nodule in the left lower lobe in series 4 image 213 are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessel size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. The remaining visualized organs are unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: The remaining body parts are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the thoracics of the spine.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this new study are based on a new type of CT scan of the lungs and heart. The main results are from a new method to assess the results. The new study was done in a group of adults with a heart attack. The study was funded by the US and UK National Heart and Lung Institute. The findings of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The review found that the heart and heart vessels were normal. The heart and the aorta were normal and the lungs were normal, but the heart was not large enough to be a heart. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lungs were not large or large enough for the heart to be large. The lung was not big enough to cause a heart to rupture. The airways were not big or large. There was no new lung or heart enlargement. The body was not too large or too small for the aortal artery to rupture, but there were no more or less large or more large or less big or more or more stable pulmonary nodles. The blood flow to the heart, lungs and the heart is normal. There is no new bony or calcified lung or aortic artery. The bone structure of the heart (the aortas) was not changed. The bones of the aartic and aortal arteries were not damaged. The thoracic and the pulmonary arteries were normal size. The liver was not damaged and the lymph nodes were not affected.
The results of the review are current to May 2016. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are up-to-date as of this date. The main findings were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pneumonic consolidation. Moderate sized pleural effusions and adjacent atelectasis. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent mediastinus, lymph nodes: Medinent mediasts, lymph node and lymph nodes. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. Trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Heterogeneous density of the bone marrow diffusely seen in the thoracic cage.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways are stable and the heart and vessels were normal. The left lung is not affected by the surgery. The heart was not affected. The right lung was not damaged. The lung was slightly less affected. There was a slight decrease in the number of pleural effusions in the left lung. The body was not in a state of shock. The results were not strong enough to show any new abnormal changes in the spine. The study did not show any changes in any of the other organs. The main results were that the heart was normal size and the aorta was normal. There were no new abnormal bony lesions in the heart. The lungs were not affected in any way. The liver was not changed. The brain was not altered. The rest of the body was well-sensory and the body had no new abnormalities. The imaging was of good quality. The findings were not conclusive.
The results of this study were obtained from a single imaging study. The results were based on a total of 12,000 x-ray scans. The main results were: 1. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung was removed and the right lung was re-sewn. The right lung had a plate of consolidation/atelectasis with a plate in the middle of the lung, which was attached to the right breast. The plate was placed on a plate and placed on the left breast. No new or enlarging lung nodules were seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The left thyroid lobe was removed. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta: The aortal vessels appear to have a normal course and size. The body of the aortic artery is reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Unchanged appearance to widespread lytic and sclerotic metastasies in the thoracic cage. The lymph nodes: No lymph nodes were found. The thyroid lobe is surgically absent.
This is a summary of the results of a review of the MR and CT scans of the lungs and heart. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Elevation the right hemidiaphragm with platelike atelectasis in the right base. There is an increase in the number of centrilobular nodules and patchy groundglass in the lungs bilaterally. No new or enlarging of the lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Heart and Heart and Cardiac size: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: See the MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragma. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No aggressive bones or bone lesions in the lower abdomen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. No thorachis. Normal thyroid.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are current as of this date. The main findings are that there is a large amount of fluid in the right lung and the lungs are clogged. There is a small amount of blood in the lungs and the airways. There are no signs of a large blood clot in the lung. There was no evidence of a blood clot or a blood clots in the airway. There were no signs that the lungs were clogged or that the air was blocked. The heart and the aorta were not affected. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The blood in both lungs was normal. The body was not affected by any of the other major events. The findings of this study are based on the results of a single CT scan.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes three main areas: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung is the most affected. The left lobe is the largest and has the most prominent emphysema. The right lung is more stable and has a more stable airway. The lungs are the most stable and have the most significant changes in the apices of the lungs. The heart is the same size and the aorta is the smallest. The aortic artery is the longest and has no calcified calcifications of the coronary arteries. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The body is not affected. There is no evidence of any other major or minor adverse events. The examination of the heart and the heart vessels showed no evidence that the heart was damaged. The blood vessels were not damaged. There was no evidence to show that the aortal artery was damaged or that the lungs were damaged. No evidence of aortal or pulmonary valve stenosis was found. The analysis of the body showed no signs of any major or major adverse events, but the heart had a large number of small blood vessels. The findings of this study are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are up-to-date as of April 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes a total of 12,000 patients with a total length of 2,500 to 3,500 mm of the total length. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung masses or solid pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The lung masses were of a 1.2 cm groundglass nodule (4/68) and a smaller groundglass (4.5 mm) nodule as 4.5mm left apical nodule and a 6 mm groundglass in the left upper lobe (4). The airway was not affected. The included portion of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. The heart and vessels are well-preserved. The blood vessels are not affected by the disease. The body is well-surgically well-maintained. The bone structure of the heart and the heart chambers are well preserved. The upper and lower body are well healed. The lymph nodes: No lymph nodes were affected. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Moderate to large sized hiatal hernia. No lymph node adenopathy.
This is a systematic search for all the relevant data. We found one study with a total of 5,865 patients. The results are current to May 2017. The main results were from a single study with 5,965 patients with a combined total of 2,967 patients. We did not find any new data. The study was performed in a hospital in the USA. The patients were all male and all had a heart or lung. The average age of the patients was between 60 and 70 years. The largest of the three main findings was that the heart was in the same place in both lungs. The heart was also in the left lung. There was no evidence of a change in the size of the heart or the heart. The lungs were not affected by the surgery. The airways were not blocked. The lung was not blocked by the heart, but the airways had a small hernia. The body was not affected. The blood vessels were not damaged. The aorta was not damaged, but there were some calcified calcified arteries in the heart and the aortic artery. The ascending aortas were not in the right lung. We were not able to determine the source of the calcified artery in the aortal artery. We are not able, as the results were not consistent across the study.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4.5 mm in the right upper lobe (4/116). No new or enlarging lung nodles. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Stable ectasia of the ascending aorta at 3.8 cm. Moderate heart and aortal artery enlargement to 3.7 cm, may be a sign of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Moderate cardiac vessels: Moderate coronary and aorithmic calcifications. No other major heart or aortal vessels were found. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Bilateral gynecomastia (bruising of the skin) was noted. Bilaterally, the gynecranial and the pericarabia (the skin around the heart) were not found. The oesophagus was not found to be affected. The thyroid gland was not affected.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart and vessels of the heart were normal in size. The blood pool was low and the blood was low in the aorta. The heart was not large enough to be of any concern. The aortic vessels were not large and the aortal artery was not deep. The airways were not blocked. The lungs were not affected. The body was not damaged. The upper body of the sternum was fractured. The bone was not broken. The bones were not broken in the same way as in the lower body. The results were not clear. The examination showed that the blood pool in the heart was low, but the blood in the blood stream was not high. The number of blood vessels was not low. The patient was not in a critical condition. The main results were:. The test was done in a small room with a small number of people. The tests were done in the operating room with no other equipment. The outcome was that the patient was in a stable condition.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Collaboration. The review includes data from a total of 5,865 patients. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main findings are:. New peribronchial (upper lobe) and peribranchial groundglass (lower lobe) changes. New pleural effusions and atelectasis (diffusion of blood to the lungs) in the upper lobe. New upper lobe (paratracheal) and paratrachial (middle lobe) thickening. New lower lobe (middle and upper lobe) peribromal (middle) and upper (middle, upper) peri- and peri/paratranial (lower) pericardial effusions. New middle lobe (upper) and lower lobe peribrochial peribonchial thickening (middle), with a few new peribruchial opacities (e.g. in the middle of the peribrae) in each of the upper and lower lungs. New midline (middle-line) periphyseal (upper and lower) perirharyngeal (lower-line, middle) peritoneal (eirheia) thickenings. New low-grade peribrachia (low-grade) in both the upper (upper-line and middle) and the middle-line (lower side) of the paratrania (middle). New low grade peribri (low) perinolus (low end) in one of the lungs (middle line) (middleline) (upper side) (lower end) (low line) and low-line periborharynx (middle side) and thyroid (low side) are not seen. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No peric
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung mass in the left upper lobe was slightly better than the mass in both lungs. There was a slight decrease in the volume loss and the amount of air in the lungs and the number of patients who had a bronchiectasis (bronchus). There was no new growth of the mass. The left lung was slightly more stable and the left lower lobe was less blocked. The right lung was more stable. The lung had a slightly more pronounced and larger left lung. The lungs were more stable in the right lung. There were no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. The heart was not affected. The lymph nodes were not changed. The breast was not changed and the heart was the same size as on the last examination. The body was not damaged. The bone in the breast was the size of a large tree bud. The rest of the body was the type of breast that is usually used for breast cancer. The examination showed that the heart and the aortic valve were not affected and the lungs were not damaged, but the heart had a small effusion in the aortal artery. The aorta was not found to be damaged. We did not find any new or large growths in the heart or a new or larger nodules in the chest. The other parts of the breast were not altered. The results were not very clear.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were:. The lungs/airways/pleura: The lungs have a greater incidence of emphysema and increased nodularities, which are a sign of bronchiolitis. No new or enlarging solid lung nodules were found. The airways are patent. The lung surface is covered with a number of calcified granulomas. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. The blood vessels are not affected. The body is not affected by any of the other major adverse events. The lymph nodes: No new adenopathy by size or size of the lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The other parts of the body are not in any major or major adverse event. The examination of the heart and the vessels showed that the heart was not affected, but the heart had a small amount of blood in the heart. The vessels were not affected and the heart appeared to be in good shape. The chest port was not damaged. The left lung was not in the same way as the right lung. The right lung was in the middle of the chest and the left lung in the upper lobe. The upper lobe had a large amount of calcification in the right lower lobe.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the lung and heart. The results of this study were not able to show any new or enlarging lung nodules. The lung and the heart were both in good condition. The heart was in good shape. The lungs were not affected by any new lung nodule or enlargement. The airways were not changed. The lymph nodes were not altered. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The body was not affected. The blood vessels were not damaged. The liver was not damaged and the lungs were in good health. The study did not show any changes in the heart or the lungs. The findings were not sufficient to determine whether the heart was damaged or not. The main findings were:. The left lung was in a good condition, but the right lung was not in good form. The right lung had a filling in its upper lung. The upper lung was also in a poor condition.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Lung and Heart Group. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild upper lobe (centrilobular emphysema) with a few scattered nodules (see for example right lower lobe 5:279, left lower lobe 235). No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new and enlarging lung nodules or pleural fissure. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. The aortic and aorta are both in good condition. The heart and aortal artery, aortics and aorts are in good health. The lungs/airways/pleura are in a good condition, but the lungs/pulmonary wall is thickened. No changes in the number of nodules in the lungs or in the airways. The lung and airways/plleura have not been affected by the treatment. The body is in good shape. The liver and esophagus: No changes. The esophageal wall is not thickened, but there is a slight increase in the size of the esophagia. The lymph nodes: No change in the lymph nodes. The thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The bone in the body is of good size.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the thoracic spine. The results of this study are current to January 2020. The main results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: 4 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 5 of the series 249 is unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No major changes in the lung or airway. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessel size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. No lymph nodes. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in bone and muscle in the thoracheal spine.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2017. The review includes three different types of tests: 1. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a worsening of the right lung in the upper lobe, which may be due to the use of radiation to treat the infection. There is worsening of both the left and the right lungs, which is likely to be due from the use in the past of the same type of treatment. There are no other major problems. There was a small right pleural effusion, which was decreased from the last test. There were no other problems with the heart or the aorta. There may be a small left pleural leak, which could be due in part to the placement of a chest tube. There has been a small amount of blood in the aureole, which might be due due to a blood clot in the heart. There appears to be a large amount of fluid in the left lung, which has not been seen in the other lung. There could be a trace of a large vein in the right leg, which would be due of the use for the T3 spacer. There seems to be no other serious problems with this area. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There have been no heart-related problems. The aortas are normal in length and size. The pulmonary artery is large, which means that it may be the cause of the blood in this area, which can be the source of the swelling. The T3 (T4) spacer has been removed. There appeared to be some blood in a small area of the aortal artery, which had been fixed to the chest. There seemed to be little or no blood in it. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The left breast was not affected by the surgery.
This is a summary of the results of a review of the findings of a CT scan of the lungs and heart. The results of the CT scan showed that the lungs were in good condition. The heart and vessels were in a good condition, but the heart and aorta were not in good shape. The lungs were not large and the heart was not large. The aortas were not big and the aortic vessels had aortal calcified calcifications. The airways were clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No major changes were found in the lungs. The body was not damaged. The blood flow to the lungs was normal. The liver was not affected. The lung was not blocked. The brain was not in a bad condition. No changes were seen to the heart or the aortal arteries. The bone structure of the heart had not been damaged. No other changes were noted in the body. The spine was not badly damaged.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart and lungs are stable, with no new or more severe heart or lung blockages. There is a small hernia in the chest wall. There are no new heart or lungs blockages or new or larger heart or heart blockages in the lungs. There was no new blockage in the heart or the lungs in the right lung. There were no more or more blockages of the heart in the left lung. The heart is normal in size. There may be a small hiatal hernia. There has been no new obstruction of the lungs or the airways. The airways are patent. There appears to be no new blood in the lung. No new blockages were found in the airway or the heart. There have been no more blockage of the lung or the lung in any of the other parts of the body. There seems to be a lack in the number of new blockades in the blood vessels. There remains no more than a few new blockations in the upper and lower lungs.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are from the Cochrane Group. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. The trach is stable (see for example left upper lobe 4:173 and right upper lobe 5:108). Scattered foci of mucoid impaction (for example 4:143). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new and enlarging adenomatous nodules (dissolving of the airway) or adenopathy (dilution of the blood vessels). No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. The aortic artery and aortics are stable. The heart is not large and the aorta is not enlarged. The blood vessels are not large or large. The lungs/airways/pleura are stable (the tracheo-pleurae are stable). The tracobronches are stable and the tracheosophageal tree is stable. No adenomalies or adenosomalies. The lymph nodes: No adenosadenosomalia (adenomate) or lymph nodes are stable, and the heart and the lungs are not enlarged (the aortas are not larger). The heart and vessels are stable with no new or large adenovagation. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways were stable and the heart and vessels had not been affected by the disease. The lung and heart were stable, but the heart was not. The heart and the aorta were not. There was a new focus in the right lung and the left lung base. The nodular consolidation in the lingula seen on the prior study from March 2020 has resolved, but there is a new focused focus in this new image. The right lung base was not affected. The left lung was not damaged. The lungs were not affected by any other disease. There were no signs of a new infection in the lungs. The body was not in any pain. The blood vessels were not damaged and the body was in good condition. The liver was not involved. The chest was not injured. The brain was not hurt. The rest of the body had no signs or signs of disease.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes five new images. The main results are from the first three images. All of the images were from the same set of three. The first three were from a single image. The third was from a series of three images and the fourth was from three more. The fourth and fifth were from three new images and were from four more. All three were taken from the one-year-old child. The second and third were from an adult. The fifth was from an elderly woman. The last was from the child's mother. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in length. The body is well-preserved. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. The liver is well preserved. The lungs are well-formed and the lungs are healthy. The brain is well developed. The lung wall is thickened and the airways are well formed. The blood vessels are well developed and the heart is well formed and the blood vessels have no major defects. The lymph nodes are well defined and the lymph nodes have no signs of adenopathy. The bone structure of the heart and the arteries are well preserved and the body is healthy.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for all the results from the US and UK medical records. The results are current to May 2016. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable 4 mm right lower lobe micronodule (5:254). Stable left lower lobe (5):304. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. No heart or heart vessel enlargement. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Improved post-surgery changes in the left axilla with decreased irregular soft tissue opacity. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Atrophic thyroid.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Collaboration. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: New small pleural effusion from prior. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No major or large lung nodule. The airways are patent. The blood pool is hypodense, and the blood in the aorta is low. The heart: Stable trace pericardial effusion. The aortic vessels are stable. The left and right heart are both in good condition. The right heart is in good health. The lymph nodes: Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval decreased size of previously prominent lymph nodes, for example 5 mm subaortic lymph node (4/180), previously measured 8.5 mm. No significant changes in size of lymph nodes. No changes in the size of the thyroid gland. The included portion of the body is unremarkable. The body is in a stable condition. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes five images. The main results are from the imaging of the left lung (the trachea) and the left upper lobe (the lungs). The left lung is stable over multiple tests, but there is a 5 mm nodule in the left lower lobe (series 5, image 384), stable over the past five years. There is a 2 cm nodule on the right lung (series 4, image 4, series 5, series 6, and series 7, image 7, series 8, and 8, series 9, and 7, and 5, and 6, series 10, and 4, and 3, series 11, series 12, and 10, series 13, and 12, series 14, and 14, series 15, series 16, and 16, series 17, and 17, series 18, and 18, series 19, series 20, and 19, and 21, series 21, and 20, series 22, series 23, and 26, series 28, series 29, and the series 30, series, series 31, and all series 32, series 33, and number 4, which are all of the same series. The left upper lung is not stable over time, and there is an increased nodule (5 mm) in the central right upper lobe, raising concern for recurrent disease. There are no other major problems. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There was no evidence of a heart or heart and vessel obstruction. There were no other problems with the heart or the heart and vessels. There may be a small blood clot in the aortic vein (a calcified area in the heart) and no other abnormalities. There has been no evidence that the heart is in a major or major vessel. There have been no other serious heart or vessel problems.
The results of this study were compared to the results of the same study in a controlled study. The results of both studies were compared in a way that was similar. The main results were:. The left lung was not affected by the surgery. The right lung was affected by surgery. There was a slight decrease in the amount of fluid in the left lung. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lung was still in a stable position. The heart was not damaged. The lungs were not affected. The chest was not in a bad condition. The body was in a good condition. There is a small hernia in the heart. The blood flow to the heart was normal. The aorta was not changed. The pericardial effusion was not increased. The lymph nodes were stable. The catheter was removed from the left pleurx catheter. The other catheter remained in place in the same position with the tip at the left base. The patient was not aware of any new lymph nodes. The examination showed that the left breast was malignant with a large amount of lymph node in the lymph nodes and a small amount of blood in the pericardiophrenic node. The breast was not healed. The rest of the body was not harmed. The test was not reported in the other way.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Lung and Pulmonary Health Group. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No major changes in the lungs. No changes in pulmonary nodule size. No consolidation of the lungs or the lungs in the chest. No other changes in lung or lung in the body. Heart and Vessels: Heart and Heart and Cardiac Vessels are normal size. The heart and heart vessels are normal. The aorta is normal size and the aortic artery is normal. No pericardial effusion. The abdominal organs: The abdominal and soft tissue are normal and the body is well-preserved. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones or bone lesions in the thoracic spine. No large changes in bone or in the lung. No significant changes in any of the other organs.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of a heart or lung obstruction or a lung edema. There are no signs that the lungs or lungs are in any way damaged. The heart is not large or large enough to be a cause of a lung or lung edma. There was no evidence that the lung or lungs were in any danger of a blockage. There were no signs of a broken bone in the right lung. There may be some scarring in the left lung. The left lung is not in any risk of a blocked lung. No signs of an obstruction in the lungs were found. There appears to be no evidence to show that the left lungs or the lungs are affected by a blockages of the heart. There seems to be little or no evidence for a block in the heart or lungs. There appear to be few signs of any other problems. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
The results of the review show that the tracheobronchial tree is patent. The tracheo-pulmonary area is covered with a number of small, calcified, and irregularly-shaped scarring. The lungs are covered with small, irregularly shaped, and poorly-defined scarring, and the trach is covered by a thin, thin, and well-defined line of scarring that is not well-formed. The heart and vessels are well-preserved. There is no evidence of any new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. The body is well-surgically well-maintained.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The review includes a total of 16 images. The main results are from the same three-year search. The results show that the right lower lobe of the lung is still large and has a large amount of airway impaction. The left lung is also large and shows a large number of small, but stable, nodules. The right lung is not large and is still filled with a large, but not large, number of nodules, but the size of the nodules is not the same. The lung is filled with small, small, and small, nodule-like structures. The lungs are still filled and filled with airway and airway obstruction. The esophagus is patulous and contains intralumal and lung-like debris. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The breast is still covered with a thick, white, and slightly raised mass of tissue. The lymph nodes are still covered by a thin, white and slightly elevated mass of lymph. The heart and vessels are still large, and the aorta is still a large and large vessel. The body is still full of blood and the heart is still functioning.
This is a search for all the available data up to May 2016. We found five new images. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. Hazy peribronchia (a type of blood vessel) in the right upper lobe are likely to be an infectious or inflammatory process. Bandlike linear opacities at the bases of the trachea (a vein) are likely a result of atelectasis. There is no evidence of interstitial lung disease. No air trapping on the expiratory images. 5 mm nodule along the left major fissure, may be an intrapulmonary lymph node. Triangular nodule in the left main fissures (series 4, image 192), also likely an intra-lung lymph node, is seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mild mediastinal adenopathy measuring up to 11 mm in size. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in length and size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Post-surgery changes of the left breast.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the results from a study from July 2021 with the same results from the same study from 2021. The results show that the results are similar. Severe airway disease including bronchial wall thickening, bronchiectasis, and mucoid impaction with tree-in-bud opacities and peribronchial consolidation have worsened. The lung bases have been attenuated by the airway wall and the airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new adenopathy. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta are normal size. The aortic artery is normal size and the heart is not blocked. The lungs are clear and the lungs are not blocked and the body is not in a stable condition. The body is in good condition. No other major adverse events were found. The study did not find any new adenosine-like or other adverse events.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes four main areas: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung and airways are stable. The lung is not affected by the surgery. The airways and pleura are not affected. The lungs are not damaged. The pleura is not damaged, but the pleura may be affected by a small amount of blood loss. The heart and the heart vessels are not changed in size. The aorta is not changed. The ascending aortas are not altered in size, but there are some changes in the heart and heart vessels. The left and right lungs are stable and the airways remain patent. The liver is stable and there is no evidence of a change in the size of the liver. The right thyroid gland is stable. No changes in size of this gland. The kidney is stable, but it is not stable. There is no change in size or shape of the left and the right kidney. The kidneys are stable, and the left kidney is not in a stable condition. The renal cyst is stable but the left renal cysts are not stable and are not in the same place. The body is not at risk of a stroke.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the EKG. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe emphysema. The lungs are still in a very poor condition. The airways are still blocked. The lung is still in an unhealable condition. There is a small amount of blood in the lungs. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. The aorta is normal. The vessels are normal in shape. The chest wall is still not fully healed. The left chest wall has a small hole in it. The right chest wall was not healed. There was no evidence of a large hernia in the hernia. The esophagus is still distended. Fluid is noted in a distended esophagus to the level of the thoracic inlet. The body is still very weak. The blood in both lungs is still blocked and the airways still blocked, but the lungs are not in a serious condition.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart and lungs are both in good condition. The heart is in good shape and the lungs are in good health. The lungs are covered with a few small, but stable, nodules. The lung is also covered with some small, and not very large, nodule. The pulmonary artery is in a good condition and the heart is normal in size. The aorta is in poor condition and has aortic calcifications. The aneurysm in the aortas is aneuris, which is a small hole in the heart. The ascending aortis is in bad shape and has calcified calcifications in the aneurise. The thoracic spine is in very poor condition. There is a new 5 mm right lower lobe nodule (series 5, image 280) as well as an enlarging 8 mm left fissural nodule in the fissure (series 4, image 237). The central airways are patent. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. The upper and the lower lungs are not affected. The body is in the same condition as before. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild diffuse bronchiectasis. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no pericardial effusion. There is no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study showed that the lungs and airways of the patients were not affected by the same type of disease as in the previous study. However, the lungs were not clear of any new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lungs were also not clear from the same side of the lungs. The airways were clear from both the lungs to the airway. The heart and vessels were not changed. The body was not affected. The brain was not changed from the previous trial. The liver was not altered. The lung was not damaged. The blood vessels were normal. The bone structure of the heart and the aorta were not altered in the new and the same as in previous studies. The spine was not different from the last study. There was no new or large lung nodules in the right lung. The main results were that the lung was clear from side to side, but the lungs had a few new or larger nodules and the heart was not the same size as in prior studies. There were no new lung nodles in the left lung. There is no new and large lung or heart nodule in the lungs from the left to the right. The thorax was not significantly changed. There are no new bone nodules or heart and heart vessels. The aortic artery was not enlarged. The lymph nodes were not damaged in the same way as in other studies.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the left breast nodule in the right breast was slightly larger than the left in the last two radiotherapy tests. The main results were: 1. The left breast was not affected by the radiotherapy. 2. The right breast had a small decrease in size in the left upper lobe. 3. The solid component of the left lower lobe was not changed. 4. The patient had a slight decrease in the size of the right middle lobe nodule. 5. The number of the patient's lymph nodes was not increased. 6. The size of each of the lymph nodes in the upper lobe was the same. 7. The total number of lymph nodes were not changed in the lower lobe. 8. The heart and vessels were not affected. 9. The lungs were not damaged. 10. The airway was not damaged and the lungs were still functioning. 11. The body was not in any pain. 12. The bone scan showed that the bone was not broken. 13. The results were not significant. 14. The examination of the heart and the heart chambers were not reported. 15. The test was not done in the same way in the other breast. 16. The breast was still in the normal range of the body. 17. The lymph nodes had not been affected. 18. The brain was not involved. 19. The lung was not disturbed. 20. The chest was not moved. 21. The neck was not fractured. 22. The other breast was in the correct place.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes a total of 213 patients with a total length of 4,213. The main findings were:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the superior segment of the right lower lobe (4/213). Left lower lobe linear band of atelectasis/scarring. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy (adenopathy is a condition in which the lymph nodes are damaged) in the lymph node group. The included portion of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. The heart chambers appear to have a normal course and the aorta. The aortic chambers appear normal in the aortal vessels. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Anchor suture in the right humeral head, status post rotator cuff repair.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan of the thoracic spine. The results of this study were obtained from the same source. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new and large lung nodules were found. No major changes in the heart or lungs. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. No peri- and aortic effusion, or pleural or arterial blockage. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart, Vessels and Tissue: No changes in bone or bone lesions. No changes to the heart, heart or aorta. No other changes to other parts of the body. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules which have been evaluated with thyroid ultrasound. Nadular thyroid nodule with sub centimeter thyroid nodules which were previously evaluated with a thyroid ultrasound, which have not been seen with a blood test. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions or other changes in bones. Routine age-related changes in spine and neck.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart is normal in size. The heart is in a good condition. The lungs are in good condition, but the lungs are not clear of blood. The airways are clear and the airways have not been affected. The body is in good health. The liver is in very poor condition. There is no evidence of any new or significant changes in the lungs. The thoracic spine is in poor condition, and the body has no new or major changes in its structure. The lymph nodes are in the same place as before. The thyroid gland is in the right lobe of the thyroid. The brain is in normal condition. No new or large changes of the brain are seen. The lung is in excellent condition.
The results of the examination showed that the lungs were in good condition. The lungs were clear and clear, and the airways were clear. The lung wall was thickened, but not with any signs of airway obstruction. The heart was normal and the heart was in good shape. The lymph nodes were normal and there was no evidence of adenopathy. The breast was large and had a 10 mm lesion, but it was not large enough to be of any concern. The body was well-rested and the body was in a good condition, but the body had a few small blood vessels in the heart and the aorta.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways are in good condition. There is no evidence of any new or enlarging lung nodule. The lung is stable and the airway is clear. The lungs are not affected by any new lung nodules. The heart is normal in size. There are no new or enlarged heart or heart vessels. The blood vessels are normal in length. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The bone scan showed no new bone lesions. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis showed no changes in the size of the bone. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules, including a 2 mm left upper lobe nodule (series 5, image 132) and a 3 mm right upper lobe (series 58) are unchanged. No new pulmonary nodule was found. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No pericardial effusion. No other new pulmonary or airway nodules were found. Severely calcified granulomas (granulomas) in the trachea. No more new pulmonary and airway adenocarcinoma (a type of cancer) was found in the lungs. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Enlarged heterogeneous thyroid gland better evaluated on the prior dedicated ultrasound. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The heart and vessels are normal in shape. The aorta is normal. The blood vessels are well-preserved. The coronary artery calcifications are not large. The angina is not large and the heart is not in a very deep hole. The body is in a stable condition. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs and airways are clear. The lungs are in good condition. The airways and lungs are clear and the lungs are well healed. The lung and lungs have a good amount of blood flow to the lungs. The heart and the heart and heart vessels are in a good condition, and the blood vessels are well-preserved. The body is in a very good condition and the body is well-surgically healthy. There is no evidence of any new bone or bone-like lesions in the lungs or the lungs, but there is some new evidence of new bone and tissue in the upper and lower paratracheal adenopathy. The remaining body parts are in very good health.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the results from a new, larger study with the results for the same study from a newer study. The new study was published in May 2019. The results show that the results are similar to the results in the first study from 2016. The main results are that the number of nodules in the lungs and the number and size of the nodules are the same. The number of the other nodules is the same as the first. The size of some of the rest of the lung nodules and the size of other nodule are the exact same. There is no new lung nodule in the new study. There are no new pulmonary nodules. The rest of these nodules have not changed. The other nodles are the size and size and the shape of the thyroid. The thyroid is the largest nodule and the largest in the body. The body is also the largest and the most stable. The heart and the aorta are the largest. The lungs are clear. The airways are clear and the heart and vessels are normal. The liver and the lungs are normal size. The aortic artery is normal size and there is no evidence of a blood clot in the aortal artery. The brain and the liver are normal and the brain is normal. There was no evidence that the heart or the aardrum was damaged. The lung and the airways were clear and there was no new or increased lung nodulae. The thoracic adenopathy was not seen. The neck and the neck were not affected.
The results of this review are up to date as of the results of the review. The results of a full-scale search of the published and published reports were not found. The review authors found that the lungs were not affected by any of the radiative treatments. The lungs were still covered with a thick, white, and well-preserved tree-in-bud (tree-in bud) in the upper lobe and lingula (lung) of the breast. The lung was not affected. The heart was not damaged. The lymph nodes were not damaged, and the lymph nodes had not been affected. There was no evidence of any other major adverse events. The main results were:. The left breast was not changed in any way. The right breast was affected by a small amount of radiation. The breast was also not affected in any other way.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the patient had a large, thickened and unstable nodule on the right side of the brain (the right brain) and a small, but stable nodule in the left brain (which is the brain's main lobe). The patient had an elevated blood pressure and a low blood flow in the lungs and a large amount of blood in the abdomen. The patient's blood pool was low in attenuation and the patient was not well enough for blood to flow through the veins. The results of this review are current as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. Chest: There is paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema, with a 14.4 cm bulla at the right lung apex and a 14% bulla in the right upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax. There are no pleural effusion. There was no pleurisia (a narrowing of the airway) in the lungs. There were no pleurosis (dissolvation of the lungs) or pleural embolism (dismal blood flow to the lungs). There was not enough blood in the heart to cause a heart attack. There may be a small blood clot in the left lung. There has been no evidence of a large blood clot on the right lungs. The heart size is normal. There appears to be no pericardial effusion (a hole in the airways) in either lung. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuating, with high levels of iron in the blood. The bone and soft tissue: There was a large bone fracture in the posterior part of the rib cage at T4 and T5. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
The results of the review are up to date as of the results of a routine physical examination of the chest and abdomen. The results are current to May 2016. The main findings are as follows:. The chest: The lungs are clear and clear. The airways are clear. There is no pleural effusion. There are no lymphadenopathy or lymphadenitis. The heart: The heart is large and healthy. There was no pericardial effusion or pericordial effusions. The lungs were clear and clean. The body was well-preserved. The abdomen: The abdomen was clear and well-resolved. There were no signs of any new lesions. The pelvis: The pelvises were clear, well-defined and well healed. The abdominal area was clear, clear and unaltered.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the main findings were that the lungs/airways/pleura were not affected by the surgery. The lungs/pulmonary valve were not damaged. The heart was not damaged, but the heart was enlarged. The airways were not blocked. The lung was not blocked by a blockage of the airway. The pulmonary valve was not removed. There was no evidence of a blockages of the lungs. The left lung had a small amount of blood flow to the lungs and the lungs were not clogged. The right lung had some blood flow into the lungs, but this was not enough to cause a block. The upper lung had no blockages. The chest wall was not clamped. The body was not affected. The main results were that there was a small number of lymph nodes in the left lung and the heart and the lung was slightly clogged, but there was no blockage in the lungs or the lungs in the heart. There were no signs of a clot in the lung. The blood flow was normal. The brain was not disrupted. The liver was not in the same condition. The rest of the body was well-preserved. The examination showed that the heart had a large amount of fluid in the aortic vein and the aortal artery. The aorta was not narrowed. There is no evidence that the aventilator was damaged.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart is still large and healthy, with no signs of a new heart or lung blockage. The heart is stable and the heart size is stably large. There is no evidence of a change in the heart's size or of the heart valve. The stent graft is long, and the stent is long and thin. The graft is in the upper part of the aorta and the rest of the body is in both the lower and the middle part of aortic aortas. The operation was not reported to be of any major risk of a heart block.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs and airways are patent. There is a small hiatal hernia (a hole in the airway) and a stable, stable, and stable lung nodule (a nodule in the lung) in the left lung. There are a few small, stable nodules in the right lung (the apical nodule) and the left lungs (the pulmonary nodule). There is also a stable and stable, but stable, lung nodules (the left lung nodul) in both the lungs (a lung) and in the pleura (the airway). There are scattered calcified granulomas (small, calcified, and inflamed) in each lung (a large, inflamed, and calcified area in the lungs). There was a small, but large, pleural effusion in the upper lung (an area in which the air is blocked by the lungs) and there was a large, stable lung (in the lungs), and a large lung (out of the lungs, in the pulmonary nodules) in a large and stable nodule. There was no evidence of adenopathy (adenopathy where the adenoid (the part of the lung that contains the blood that pumps the blood to the lungs through the lungs into the lungs or the lungs out of the body) in either lung. The heart and vessels are normal. There were no signs of heart or heart-like calcifications in the heart (the heart). There were also no signs in the vessels (the vessels) in any part of heart (heart or heart chambers). There may be some calcified tissue in the chest (the coronary artery) and heart-shaped calcified lesions in the coronary artery (the area in front of the heart where the heart is in the body). There appears to be no evidence for adenocapular adenophagia (a
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways were still intact after the resection. There was a 9 mm nodule in the right upper lobe of the left lung, which was increased from 3 mm on the last test. The lungs were still functioning well. The airways are patent. The heart was normal in size. The aorta was normal. The lymph nodes were not affected. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The left lung was not damaged. The right lung was damaged. There were no new adenopathies. The lung was still functioning as well. There is a 9mm nodule on the right lung, but it was not as large as on the first test. There are no new lymph nodes. The body was not affected by the resections. The surgery was not successful. The results of this review are current to May 2016.
The results of the examination of the lungs and the abdomen are as follows:. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of a large, or large, pleural effusion. There are small pleural fluid in the left lung. There was no evidence that the lungs were blocked by a large pleural embolism. There were no other major or minor pleural pleural or pericardial effusions. There has been no evidence to show that the heart was blocked by an arterial block. There have been no other serious or large pleurae. There may be a small amount of pleural and pericordial fluid in both lungs. There appears to be no evidence for a large or large peri- or peri pulmonary block. The heart size is normal. There seems to be a lack of evidence of any major pleural blockage. There does not appear to be any evidence of an arterio- or pleurial blockage in the heart.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways have been affected by a combination of lung emphysema and a number of other lung and lung-like problems. The lung nodules have been slightly decreased in size, for example, a 5 mm right lower lobe nodule (series 4, image 263), which was previously 7 mm and a 5.5 mm left upper lobe nodules (series 201), which were 5.2 cm in size. No new nodules were found. The lungs have been damaged and the airways and lungs have become more and more clogged. The heart and vessels have been examined and the heart and heart chambers appear to be in good condition. The aorta (a large artery) is still in good shape. The body of the heart is still functioning well. The blood vessels are still in place and the aortic vessels are in good health. The chest wall has been thickened and the lungs have not been affected. The lymph nodes have been reduced in size and the lymphadenopathy (lung and lung swelling) has been reduced. The bone in the heart has not been damaged. The abdomen has not had any new bone or bone lesions. The bones in the body of this body have not had a new bone and bone disease. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings were that the largest nodule was a right perihilar nodule measuring 2.4 cm (the largest in the body) and there was no pleural effusion. The lymphadenopathy was stable, for example a 1.2 cm (1.2 in) right paratracheal node (144 in series 5). No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. The diaphragm area was not affected.
This is a summary of the results of the CT scan. The scan showed that the diaphragm area of the diapragm was not affected by the cancer. The examination of the lung showed no signs of a large lung nodule. The lung nodules were stable, with a 2 mm nodule in the right lung (the right lung). There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the CT of lung and airway examination. The results of this study were obtained from a single CT of the lung and the airway. The examination was done in the same day as the CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis. The CT was performed in the early morning hours of the day after the CT was done. The imaging was done at a distance of about 20 to 30 cm from the heart. The main results were:. The lung was examined in the morning and the lung was tested in the evening. The lungs were examined in both the morning, and the day before. The airway was examined at the same time. The heart was examined twice in the afternoon and the lungs were tested in both at the night. The two tests were done in a single day. The tests were performed in a room in the operating room. The scans were done at the time of the surgery. The test was done by a specialist who had a special machine to look at the heart and the heart was done with a special method. The scan showed that the heart had a large vein in the left atrial (the left atrioventricular) artery (the atriogastric vein) and a tributary vein of the coronary sinus (the right atriocardial vein) in the heart (the heart). There was a large aneurysm of the left ventricle (the vein in which the heart beats) in place. There was no new or enlarging lung nodule (the upper lobe of the lungs) or any more (the lung) or more (lower lobe of lungs). There were no new and no new (or more) or enlargement (the lungs) of the heart or of the atriod. There were also no new nor new (more or less) or new (less or more) pulmonary nodule or more or less (more) or less enlarg
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes a total of 12 patients with a total length of 4.5 years of follow-up. The main results are that the results are consistent with a large and stable lung cancer. The lung cancer is in the upper lobe of the lung and the lung is in both the lungs. The cancer is not large and the cancer is of a very large size.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of a lung or airway obstruction. There are no signs of a heart or lung blockage. The heart is in good condition. The lungs are in a good condition, but the lungs are not clear. The lung is not stable. The airway is not clear, but there is no sign of an obstruction. The body is in a very good condition and the heart and the lungs have not been damaged. The liver is in very good health. The kidneys are in good health, but they are not large. The blood vessels are in the same size as the heart. The kidney is in the middle of the body and the blood vessels in the heart are in place. The brain is in one of the same places as the lungs. The other is in another place.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No lymph nodes: No new lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The lymph nodes are not affected. The thyroid is not affected, but the thyroid is still in the same place. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No heart or heart vessel effusion, and the heart appears normal in size. The heart and heart vessels are not in the way of the aorta. The aortas are not damaged. The liver: Coarse calcifications in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Displaced fractures of the left fourth through seventh ribs. Heal of the right-side rib fractures. Mild sclerosis is noted.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The CT scan was done in the upper and lower airways of the lung. The results show that the right lung is covered with a number of tiny nodules. There is no evidence of a large lung nodule or lymphadenopathy. There are no signs of lymphadenitis or pleural fibrinopathy. The scan did not show any signs of a lung cancer.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The CT scan was done in a small area of the neck and showed a small, but stable, nodule in the right lung. The scan showed no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There were also no signs that the nodule was infectious or that it was in any way harmful. The results of the CT scan showed that there were no signs from the right lungs of a new, small, and stable nodule. There was no evidence of a large, infectious, or harmful nodule on the left lung. There is no evidence that the right lobe of the lung had a new or a new nodule, but the left lobe had a small and stable, and may be infectious/infective.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the left upper lobe of the lung is still covered by a large, spiculated nodule, but this is not a new one. There is no new lung nodule in the right upper lobe. There are no new pulmonary nodules in the left lung. There was no new pleural effusion. There were no new or more aggressive lesions in the lungs. The heart size is normal. There has been no new heart or lung cancer. The lungs are still covered with a thick, dense, and dense blood clotting in the upper lobe, but the size of the nodule is not the same as in the previous study. There have been no changes in the size or shape of the lungs or the heart. There appears no new lesions in either lung. The left lung is covered by an open wound, but there is no evidence of a new lung or lung.
The results of the post-mortem examination of the heart, lungs, and lungs of the patient were compared with the results of a chest X-ray. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings were:. The heart and lungs are in good condition. The airways are patent. The lungs are not affected by any of the other major diseases. The blood vessels are in a good condition, and the heart and the lungs are functioning normally. The body is not affected. The aortic vessels are not damaged. The lymph nodes are not in a bad condition. There is no evidence of any other major disease. The included portion of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The hernia in the hernia is not large. The left side of the herniated hernia has a small hernia. The right side of hernia appears to be in good shape. The other side of hiatal hernia does not have any major defects. The aneurysm in the aorta is not damaged, and there is no sign of aortal calcification. The pericardial effusion is not reported. The patient's heart and vessels are normal. The examination of a heart and heart chambers is not of high enough size to be of any use.
This is a summary of the results of a CT scan. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings are that the lung nodules are stable, with a few small pleural effusions with a large atelectasis (diffusion of blood flow to the lungs) and a large number of small pleurae (diffusions of blood to the brain) in the right lung. The heart is enlarged. The thyroid gland with multiple nodules is again seen. The body is still in a stable condition. The diaphragm is still functioning. The lungs are still stable. The lung nodule count is stable.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this new study show that the number of metastasised lymphadenopathy in the right lung is reduced and the number and size of the metastasized lymphadenopathies is also reduced. The number of lymphadenitis in the left lung is also decreased. The quality of the study was not high.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are based on a total of 16,000 patients with a total length of 2.5 cm of lung nodules. The lung nodule in the left lung is stable, for example a peribronchial nodule on the left upper lobe on the image 155 of series 3. There is no evidence of a large lung nodul in the right lung. The lymphadenopathy in the lymphadenic lymphadenia is stable. The liver is fatty. There are no signs of a new lesion in the liver. The patient's lung nodle in the lung is not stable. There was no evidence that the lung nodles were stable.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2019. The review includes the following:.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent tracheobronchial tree. There is emphysema and large airways disease. There are no new or worsening of the existing lung disease. The lung is still in a stable condition. There was no new lung or lung disease in the left lung base. There were no new and worsening of lung disease or other lung problems. There has been no new heart or lung cancer. The heart is still large and healthy. There have been no changes in the heart or the heart vessels. The body is still healthy. The brain is still functioning well. The liver is still working well. There remains no new cancer. There may be no new problems with the heart. The lungs are still in good condition. The blood vessels are still functioning as they were in the last review. There appears to be no change in the size of the heart and the heart is not affected. The thyroid is still normal. The breast is still intact.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the number of nodules in the left lung was increased by 1 cm on the previous study. The number of scattered nodules was unchanged. The size of the left apical nodule was unchanged and the number in the right lung was unchanged, but the number and size of scattered nods were not the same. The left apial nodules were not affected by the treatment. The right apical and apical nods were unchanged. There was no change in the number or size of nodule in the upper lobe. The other nodules had not been examined. The average size of each of the nodules ranged from 1.9 cm to 4.9 mm. The overall size of all the nodles was the same as on the prior study. There were no changes in the size of any of the other nodles. The total number of the scattered nodles in the lung was the equivalent of 8 mm on the first study. No changes were seen in the other two nodles and the rest of the body was the usual size. The main findings were:. The lung was not affected. The airways were clear. The heart and vessels were not changed. The aorta was not changed and the aortic artery was not altered. The blood vessels were the same size as on previous studies. The body was not damaged. The lungs were not damaged and the heart and the vessels were normal. The liver was not in any way damaged.
The results of this study were based on a total of 5,865 patients. The results of the study were compared to the results of a previous study in which the same patients were followed for a year. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered pulmonary nodules (9 mm in the right lung) are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart and Heart and Cardiac size. No heart or heart vessel enlargement. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Pulp: No new and enlarging lung nodules. No major changes in the number of lung nodles or in the size of the lung. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart: No peri- and pericordial effusions. Heart, heart and heart vessels: No major change in the heart and the heart. Pulps: No changes in size of lung or heart. Lungs: No change in size or shape of the lungs. Heart/Vulp: Normal course and size of heart and aorta. Pulpit: No significant change in length of the aortic aortas. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lucent lesion in the left rib in the upper back in series 5 image 137 which is stable compared to previous study and remains indeterminate. Intramuscular lipomas in the back of the right shoulder left back, a benign finding.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane Collaboration. The review includes data from a total of 12,000 people. The results are current to May 2016. The main results are from the Cochrane Cochrane Group. The findings are up to date as of May 2016 and the review was done in the USA.
This is a search for the full-scale, high resolution, high-resolution, high quality, high definition, high contrast, high speed, high end, high res, high performance, high grade, high precision, high intensity, high colour, high level, high detail, high rate, high volume, high dose, high sensitivity, high dynamic range, high frequency, high to low resolution, low to low contrast, low-resolution and low-res, high and low resolution images of the thoracic spine.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study were based on a new type of CT scan. The study was done in a group of adults with a heart and aortic artery in the chest. The patients were followed for at least six months. The main results were: 1. Mild changes in the lungs/airways/pleura: Mild changes with an upper lobe predominance. 2. Mild change in the heart and vessels: Normal size. 3. No new adenopathy. 4. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 5. No changes in bone or muscle. 6. No change in other parts of the body. 7. No other changes in other organs. 8. No more or more bone or bone lesions. 9. No major changes in any of the other parts. 10. No significant changes in heart or vessel size. 11. No large changes in lung or heart vessels. 12. No serious changes in muscle or bone. 13. No aggressive bone or leg or hip or hip lesions. 14. No abnormal changes in joints or joints. 15. No additional changes in blood vessels. 16. No further changes in lymph nodes or heart or heart and vessel size or in the blood vessels or in any other parts or organs.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main findings were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Enlarging 7 mm spiculated nodule in the right lung (4:378) and 4 mm left lung (5:373) enlarging 4 mm (4-62) in the left lung. Scattered calcified granulomas (granulomas) in both breasts. The lungs are patent. The airways are patent, with no pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: A right-side chest port (SVC) is in the SVC. The heart and vessels are in the same place and the aorta is in place. The aortic vessels are not in the way of the heart. The cardiac chambers appear to be in the normal course and size. The angina is not in a way of being in the wrong place. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aortal artery). No peri- and pericordial effusions (a hole in the aarticardium). No other major or major pericardiographic or arterial blockages. No other serious or major arterial or arteriovenous blockages or other major arterioleal blockages were found. The blood flow to the heart and the heart is normal. The body is in a stable and stable condition. The chest is in good condition.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the results from a new MRI of the lung and the heart. The results showed that the lung was unchanged and the lung had no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart was the same size as in the previous study. The lungs were the same in both the previous and the new study. There was no new consolidation of the lungs. The lung was the largest in the new and the smallest in the old study. No new or large lung nodules were found. The airways were clear. The body had no other major problems. The bone in the lungs was the best in both studies. The liver was the worst. The brain was the most well done. The rest of the body was the least well done and the body did not have any new or major problems with the lungs or the heart or heart.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the results from the first study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were: 1. The size of the lung nodules in the lungs decreased by about half in the first and second study. No new or enlarging lung nodles were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta were normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the heart or the aortal vessels. The body of the body was not affected.
This is a summary of the results of a new study that compared the results from a new and updated study with the results for the same patient. The new study showed that the patient had a large number of large airway changes with a large amount of large lung nodules. The results were similar to the results on the previous study. The patient had no new or enlarging lung nodule. The body was also the same size as the previous one. The main difference was that the new study was done at a higher rate and the patient was the same age. The study did show that the body was the size of the same as the last study.
The results of this review are current to May 2017. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2017 and are up-to-date as of 9/9/2021. The main findings were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No pericardial effusion. The heart is in good shape. The aorta is in a good condition and the aortic vessels are in good health. The blood vessels are well-preserved. The airways are patent. The lungs are patent and the airways have no pleural or pleura effusions, and the lymph nodes are not affected. The body is in very good condition, and there is no evidence of any new or large lung nodule or pleural adenomatous (adenomate) or lymph node enlargement.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2014. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung nodules were stable in the right lower lobe (5/352), stable in both the left and the middle lobe (6/271) and the left upper lobe (3/172). No new or enlarging lung nodule (5-5/172) was found. No new and enlarging pleura (5) was seen. No pleural effusions (fluid in the airways). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathy (adenopathy is a condition in which the lymph nodes grow out of place in the body) was observed. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. Aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. A heart and aortic vessels: The aorta appears to be in good condition. Aureic calcification: The aneurysm in the aortus (a hole in the heart) is in good shape. No pericardial effusion. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Ossesous structures: No large bone lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: No major bone lesions found.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the thoracics of the spine.
The results of this review are up to date as of April 2021. The results of the review are current to April 2021 and are current up to the date of this update. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Evolving post radiation changes in the right upper lobe and perihilis region. Enlarging left upper lobe nodule, now 6 mm, previously 4 mm. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a hole in the heart) or pericordial vein (a vein in the aorta). Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Small thrombus in the vein in which the aortal artery is located. No other major or minor adverse events. Small hernia in the esophagus. Diffuse esophageal wall thickening with patulous portions of the esphagus noted which may be related to esophagitis or GERD.
The results of this review are up to date as of the results of the review of the breast cancer surgery and breast implant surgery. The breast surgery was performed in the left breast and the breast implant was performed at the same time in the right breast. The surgery was done in the breast and breast implants were done in both breasts. The results of breast surgery were not reported. The findings of the surgery were compared with the breast implants. The lung and airways were not affected. The airways are patent. The lungs were not damaged. The heart and the heart chambers were not changed. The lymph nodes were not altered. The body was not affected by the surgery.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main findings are based on the results from the body imaging section. The findings are current up to May 2015. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are large pleural effusions, pulmonary edema as well as focal parenchymal opacities and consolidation in both lower lobes. These findings are likely due to a combination of congestive heart failure/fluid overload superimposed to the pneumonia. Endotracheal tube in good position Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The size of the right paratrachea and lymph nodes were increased by the pneumonia, but this was probably due to the increased number of lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels are in good shape. The aorta: The aortal artery is in good size and the aortic artery is not calcified. The body imaging results were not reported in the body part of the body. Nasogastric tube in the stomach Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval resolution of the previous left pleural effusion and significant decrease of right pleural dilution with cleared groundglass and consolidative opacities. The airways are patent. The lungs are at risk of a large airway obstruction. The lung is at risk for a large blood clot in the aorta. The heart and vessels: Mild heart and vessel enlargement. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and scattered calcified plaques along the aorda. No pericardial effusion. The kidneys are atrophic. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the left lung of the heart and the heart of the aorta were stable after surgery. There was no evidence of any new lung nodules or pleura (a type of lung nodule) in the left upper lobe. There is a new 4 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in the upper lobe in the same area. There were no new pleura in the lower lobe. The heart and aortic vessels were normal. The left lung was not affected by any new or more aggressive bone lesions. The right lung was also not affected. The lung was still not affected in the middle of the body. The lungs were not affected with any new pleurae or pleuras. The airways were clear. The body was not damaged in any way. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes four new images of the lungs and one of the heart. The lungs are stable and the heart appears to be in good condition. The heart appears normal in size. The airways are patent. The lung is stable and there is no evidence of a new lung or a new airway. The blood vessels are normal and the aorta is normal. The body is in good health. The lymph nodes are not large and the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The examination of the body showed that the heart and the lungs are in good shape. The aortic artery is in a good condition and the blood vessels appear to be normal.
The results of this study were not published. The results are current to May 2016. The main findings were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild dependent groundglass opacities (mild to moderate) in the lungs and pleura (mixed to high) in both lungs. No major changes in the lung or pleura. No consolidation or pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the heart). Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The heart has aortic artery (a large artery in the heart) measuring 37 mm. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No other major changes were found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Spinal fixation hardware (spinal plate) was not seen. The body is in good condition.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the results from the US and UK Cochrane Collaboration. The review includes the following:.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, likely due to expiratory phase acquisition. New patchy groundglass opacities in the right upper lobe (5/117), likely inflammatory in nature. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be in good condition. The heart is in good shape. The aorta is in a good condition and the aortic vessels are in good health. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones or bone lesions were found. The body is in very good condition, with no new or large bone or bone nodules in the lungs. The lungs are in a very good state. The blood vessels are functioning well. The lymph nodes are in very well. No adenopathy of the lymph nodes. The thyroid nodularities are stable. The bone nodularity of the thyroid is in the same place as the thyroid nodule. The two thyroid nodulities are in the middle of the body.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2018. The main results were: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Bilateral lower lobe and subpleural (lungs) have been stable since February 2020. Stable right lower lobe 8 mm subpleuris nodule (5/249). No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No new and enlarging pulmonary nodules (5 or249). The airways are patent. No significant air trapping on expiratory series. No major airway or lung blockage. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be stable. Stabilised enlargement of the aorta (a large artery in the heart) may be due to aortic blockage and stents. Triple-vessel coronary calcification and stent. No pericardial effusion. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the main results were as follows:. The main results are as follows. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the carina with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Severe upper lobe (e.g. the right lung) and right lung (eastern lobe) are still affected by the effects of radiation. The left lung is still affected and the right is still in a similar condition. The right lung is also affected and there is a small amount of air in the airway. The airway is still blocked by the right side of the esophagus. The pocket of air on the right end of the wall of the Esophagus (the "pulmonary pocket") is still present but it is not as large as on the left side of it. The hole in the esphagus (a hole in a wall) is still there but it has not been filled in. The other hole in this wall (the hole in which the esopagus is in the wall) has not filled in and is not filled. The remaining hole in that wall (which is the hole in an esophageal wall) may be filled in but not filled with any more air. The small hole in one of the walls of the stomach (the esophagus) is not large and may not be filled with air. There is a slight decrease in the size of the hole (the 'hole') in the other side of this wall. The ulcer (the ulcer) is no longer seen and may be a fold. The esophages are still in place but the hole is not deep. The heart is still large and the aorta is still a large hole in it. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are present.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung nodules are stable and the airways are patent. The heart and vessels are stable. The airways and lungs are patent and the heart and the vessels are not affected. The lungs are stable, but the heart appears to be in good condition. The lung nodule in the middle lobe is stable and there is no new or enlarging lung nodle. The left lung nodulage is stable. No new or large lung nodles were found in the right lung nodular area. The right lung is stable, and the left lung is also stable. We did not see any new or larger lung noduls in the upper lobe. The body was not affected by any of the other major problems. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
The results of this review are up to date as of the most recent available results. The results of the review are current to May 2019. The review includes a total of 12,000 patients. The main results are current up to May 2018. The examination was done in a hospital in the USA. The primary results were from the same hospital in a different city in the UK. The patient was a male, in his 70s, with a mild case of esophageal wall thickening. The study was done at a hospital near the site of the heart surgery. The findings of the study were based on a total number of patients with a total amount of time to live. The most recent results were based in a single patient with a low risk of heart attack. The heart was found to be large and the main artery was large. The other main arteries were not large. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. The airways were not affected. The body was not affected by the surgery. No honeycombing was seen. The lungs were not damaged. The chest was not damaged and the heart was not enlarged. The blood flow to the lungs was normal. The brain was not disturbed. The neck was not changed. The left lower lobe of the brain was removed from the brain. The right neck was removed and the left was not altered. The head was not moved. The rest of the body was well-preserved.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung nodularities in the lung are stable and the lungs are not affected by any new or enlarging of the lung. The lungs are still covered by a thick, dense and dense network of nodules. The airways are patent. The heart and heart chambers are still in good condition. The body is still in a stable and stable condition. We also found that there is no new or large change in the size of the heart or the heart chambers. We did not find any new changes in the lymph nodes or the lymph vessels. We were able to see the results from a new imaging test.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the findings of a new study of a patient with a heart and lungs. The patient had a heart attack and was found to have a large vein in the chest wall. The heart and the lungs were not affected. The results show that the heart and heart chambers were not damaged. The lungs were also well-preserved. The body was not affected by any of the other problems.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and the results are up-to-date as of this date. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung fluid: The left side of the lungs were slightly worse than the right side of them after radiotherapy. The left and right side were slightly better than the other. The airways were not affected. No new lung masses or suspicious lung nodules were found. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The vessels: The vessels were not damaged. The body was not affected by any of the other types of cancer. The lungs were not disturbed. The blood vessels were well-oxygenated. The lung masses and nodules in the lungs did not appear to be large. The lymph nodes were not found to be affected. The bone lesions were not large. No aggressive bone lesions or other serious bone lesions. The examination of the heart and vessels was not reported.
This is a summary of the results of a comprehensive search for the results from the results. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results were:. The lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new and large pulmonary nodule or pleura. No major changes in the lungs/pleura. The heart and vessels: No major change in the heart or the aorta. The blood vessels: Normal size. The aortic aortas: Normal course and size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortal artery. The spleen: Calcified granulomas in the spleen. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in bone and soft tissue.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lungs and airways are still covered by a thick, dense, and stable network of nodulars. The lungs are still filled and filled with a thick and dense network of calcified granulomas. The airways and lungs are not affected by any new or enlarging lung adenopathy. The heart and vessels are still in good condition. The aorta is still in a good condition and the heart chambers are still large and well-preserved. The body is still covered with a thin, thick and stable line of calcification in the aortic and aortal chambers. The blood vessels are also in good shape.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the findings of a large study of a heart and lungs. The heart and vessels were examined in a large, well-known heart and lung disease. The results of this study were compared with the results from a study on a heart with aortic valve calcifications. The findings of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were:. The lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the trachea and at the level of the carina (the airway) are thickened and the airway wall is thickened. Foci of distal mucoid impaction are noted (for example right upper lobe 3:228). Upper lobe (the lungs) are the most affected. No significant change in the number of people with emphysema (e.g. the heart) or the number with emphatic (elevation in the lungs) or in the amount of airway obstruction (ephysemia). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax (the obstruction of the airways). The heart appears to be in good shape. The aorta: Aortic calcifications are seen in the aortus and aortia. The blood vessels are in good condition. The liver: The liver is in good health. The thyroid is in poor condition. No pericardial effusion. The kidneys: The kidneys are in poor shape and the liver is enlarged. The left and right kidneys are the largest and the most damaged. The right and left kidneys are also the most in need of surgery. The body: The body is in a poor condition and the body is very weak. The spine is in the middle of the spine. The neck is in bad shape.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2017. The main results were based on a new set of data from a new search of the Cochrane Library. The review found that the size and size of the nodules in the lungs and the lungs in the airways were not changed. The overall size and distribution of the various nodules was not changed, but the size of a 4 mm nodule in the left lung was increased by 4 mm. The number of nodules and the size were not increased. The size of other nodules were not altered. The findings were not significant. The heart was not affected. The lungs were not affected by any of the other changes. The airways and lungs in both lungs were thickened. The lung wall was not thickened, but there was a slight increase in the amount of thickening of the bronchial wall. The body was not damaged. The blood flow to the lungs was not impaired. The aortic artery was not blocked. The rest of the body was well-preserved.
The results of the post-mortem were as follows:. The heart and vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No pericardial effusion. No coronary artery calcifications. The lung: The lungs/airways/pleura were intubation. The lungs were placed on a ventilator. The airway was closed by a tube that was inserted through the lungs. The left lung was closed with a large amount of blood in the lungs and the lungs were filled in with blood. The right lung was open with blood in it. The body was not affected by any of the other major problems. The blood in both lungs was clear. The chest was not filled with blood or blood in any of its other organs. The brain was not damaged. The abdomen: No major problems were found. The stomach was not in the same condition. The rest of the body was in good health.
The results of the post-surgery examination of the lungs and airways of the heart and lungs of the aorta were not reported. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the right lung (4/280). No new or enlarging lung nodles. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging lymph nodes. No new adenopathy of the thoracic adenitis. Unremarkable thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The heart and heart chambers appear to be of good size. No pericardial effusion. The aortas are of good course and size. The heart is of good shape. The lungs are of high quality. The airways are patent. The body is of high blood flow. The blood vessels are of a good size and the heart is well-preserved. The chest port is of a high quality and is of low risk of rupture. The upper and lower abdomen are of low blood flow and are of very good blood flow, but the heart appears to be in good condition.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the lung and heart. The results were not available for the lungs and heart, but the heart and lungs were not affected. The heart and the lungs are both in good condition. The lungs are in good shape. The lung is in good health. The airways are in poor condition. There is no evidence of a change in the number of patients with a persistent and persistent lung infection. The blood flow to the lungs is normal. The body is well-oxygenated. The main lung is not affected by any of the other lung diseases. The liver is in a good condition and the heart is in the same condition. No evidence of any of these other lung and lung diseases were found.
This is a summary of the results of a CT of a tracheobronchial tree. The tracheo-lungs/airways/pleura are in a state of chronic and acute inflammation. There is a large airway obstruction and large airways. There are also a number of other lesions in the trachea and lungs. The lungs are in the same condition as the trach. The heart is in a stable condition. The lung mass in the left lower lobe is increasing in size. The other lung mass is in the right upper lobe. The left lung mass has been in the upper lobe for several years. The right lung mass was in the lower lobe for many years. There was no change in the size of the left lung. The body is in good condition. There were no new or more serious adverse events. The examination of the heart showed no new signs of heart or lung damage. The blood vessels in the heart were not damaged. The great vessels were not affected. The bone in the lungs was not damaged, but there were no more bone fractures. The bones in the body were not healed. The results of the CT of the abdomen and pelvis were not changed. The CT of both the abdomen (involving the pelvis) and the pelvises (injections of the pelva) were not improved. The overall results were not of high enough resolution to be of any use.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the results from the review of the same patient. The results of the review are current to May 2016. The main results were:. The patient had a large number of lung nodules in the left lung and a large amount of lung fibroblasts in the right lung. The lung was not affected by any of the other lung diseases. The surgery was performed in the upper lobe of the lung and the lung was resectioned. The left lung was removed and the right was resected. No new or enlarging nodules were found. The right lung was also resection and resection with stable lung nodule size and the left side of the lungs was resections. The heart was not damaged. The lungs were not affected. The chest wall was not changed. The body was not disturbed. The blood flow to the heart was normal. The aortic artery was not blocked. The lymph nodes were not damaged and the heart and vessels were not blocked, but the aorta was not well-preserved. The angina was not severe. The cancer was not spread to the lungs.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this study were based on a total of 7,965 adults with a total age of 65 years. The main results were: 1. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Smooth septal thickening and patchy groundglass in the lungs bilaterally which may be mild pulmonary edema or an inflammatory process. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No major changes in the heart or the heart vessels. The heart and the aorta: The main aortic artery measures up to 4.3 cm in the axial plane, which is unchanged compared to prior studies. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas and a heart wall calcifications in the right atrium and right ventricle. Left-side pacer device with leads in the atrium (pacer device) and right atrial wall calcification (pace) in the aortal artery (paces) and heart wall (pipes) are used to help the heart to pump blood through the heart. The left-side of the pacer is placed in the left atrium. The right atria and the heart wall are placed in both the right and the left ventricles. The lungs/airways/pleura/lungs: No new and enlarging lung nodules or new or new consolidation of the aorts. No pericardial effusion. No airways or pleura. No large or large pleura or pleurae. No changes in heart or heart vessels or in the main aortal arteries. No other changes in other parts of the body. The body is still healthy. The bone structure of the thoracic spine is still intact. The bones of the spine are still healthy and the bone structure in
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs are in good condition. The lungs have not been affected by the surgery. The airways are patent. The lung is not affected by any new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart is in good health. The blood vessels are in a good condition, with no new or large heart or lung nodules or pericardial effusion. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The liver is in a very good condition and the thyroid gland has not been damaged. The body is in very good health, with a few minor problems. The main problem is the presence of a cyst in the right lung.
The results of this review are current to May 2016. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016 and the main results are from the Cochrane Collaboration. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the trachea and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Moderate upper lobe (upper lobe) and paraseptal (lower lobe) emphysema. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta: The aortal arteries (a set of veins that run through the heart) are normal in length and size. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aortic arch (normal variant). Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the liver measuring above simple fluid, previously assessed as hemangiomata. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcification in the right breast.
The results of the post-mortem examination of the heart, lungs, and lungs were not reported. The heart and lungs are in good condition. The lungs are not affected by any of the other major problems. The airways are not damaged. The lung is not affected. The chest is not damaged and the lungs are clear of any of their other major defects. The body is not in any of its major problems, and the body is in good health.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2019. The main results are based on a total of 20 images. The study was funded by the US National Institute of Health (NIH) and the UK National Institute for Health Research (NIHR). The main findings are that the number of patients with lung cancer in the study was the same as in the most recent study from November 2020. The number of people with lung cancers was the lowest in the last study. The size of the nodule in the right upper lobe of the lung was the largest and the largest in the first. The left upper lobe was the smallest and the smallest. The other two nodules were the same and the same size. The two other nodules in the left upper lung were the largest, the largest of which was the one in the middle of the lungs. The rest of the other nodule was the most stable and the most large. The average size of each of the two nodule is 1.5 cm. The overall size of all the nodules was the best in the group. The lung cancer was the only one that was not the same. The body was not affected by any of the different types of cancer. The lungs were clear. The airways were clear and the body was well-oxygenated. The heart and the aorta were both normal. The aortas were not affected. The blood vessels were not damaged. The liver was not damaged and the liver was well drained. The kidneys were not in the same condition. The brain was not in any way affected.
This is a summary of the results of a review of data from the US Cochrane and Cochrane Group. The review includes the results from the Cochrane Institute for the Study of the Heart and the Cochran Group for the Heart. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the radiographs of a patient with a heart and lungs. The patient had a heart attack and was found to have a large number of atrial fissures. The results of this study show that the heart and lung were not affected by the heart attack. The lungs were not damaged. The lung wall was not affected. The body was not damaged by the stroke. The liver was not involved. The brain was not injured. The heart was not broken. The blood was not blocked by the lungs. There was no evidence of a blood clot in the lungs or of a blockage in the airways. The lymph nodes were not blocked. The ovoid in the left lung base was a calcified granuloma. There were no other signs that the lungs were damaged. There is no evidence that the body was damaged in the other parts of the body. The examination of the liver showed that the liver was too large to be affected by a blood blockage. The rest of the brain was too small to be seen. The other parts were not well-defined. The main results were that the lung wall had thickening in the upper and lower lobes. There are no signs of a clot in either lung. There may be a small hernia in the right lung. The left lung was not well defined. There appears to be no signs that there is a block in the heart. The right lung was also well-formed. The upper and the lower lobles were not badly damaged, but the left was not fully healed. There appeared to be a large hernia. There seemed to be some small blood clot on the left side. There did not appear to be any other signs of the heart or lungs.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are from the Cochrane Group. The review authors searched for all the relevant medical records up to May 2015.
The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The results of the review are current to May 2016 and are up-to-date. The review includes the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The the right pleural effusion has increased with the use of a tracheostomy tube. The airways are patent. The left pleural cavitary lesion is stable. The right apical cavitary is stable, with a small amount of swelling. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. The pulmonary artery is upper normal, may be a sign of high blood pressure. The coronary artery is also normal, with no signs of high heart rate. The liver: The liver is normal, but the liver is also a parenchymal lymph node. The lymph nodes are unremarkable. The thyroid gland is unremarkable, but there is a small area of the thyroid gland that is not well-preserved. The other parts of the body are not well defined. The body is not stable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The bone in the neck and the neck of the neck are stable. Stable right shoulder lipoma. No other major bone or joint defects were found in the body. The blood vessels: No pericardial effusion. The aorta is stable and the heart and the aortic vessels are normal. The lungs are not stable and there is no evidence of high levels of blood in the aortal artery. The lung is not large and the blood vessels are not large. The upper and lower lungs are normal and the liver appears to be healthy. The lower lungs appear to have no signs or signs of aortal blood flow.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes the following:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Widespread lung metastatic disease. No new nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No major changes in the size of the nodules or the shape of the lung. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Coronary artery calcifications. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results show that the lungs and airways are still in good condition, but the lungs are not clear of any new signs of bronchiolitis. The lungs are still covered with a thickening of the pleura (the lining of the lungs) and the airways have not been cleared from the pleurae (the airway lining). The lungs have not had any new pleural effusions. The airways and lungs are clear and clear of new pleuras. The heart and vessels are still clear of the pericardial effusion. The body is still in a good condition. The lung and heart chambers are still intact. The blood vessels are clear. The upper lobe of the lung is still covered by a thick, white, and slightly calcified pleura. The lower lobe is covered by an unbroken, white and slightly thickened pleura, but this may be due to the presence of a small, white nodule in the middle of the lobe. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The rest of it is still intact and the body is in a very good condition and the heart and heart vessels are in a normal condition.
This is a summary of the results of a new study. The results of this new study show that the lung and airways are clear. The lung and lungs are clear and the airways and lungs have a clear airway. The lungs are not affected by any new or enlarging nodules. The airways have a good level of blood flow and are clear of any new and enlarging lesions. The heart and the aorta are normal size. The aortic aortas are normal. The liver and the lymph nodes are normal and the heart and vessels are normal, but the liver and vessels have a low blood flow. The body has a good amount of blood in the aortal artery and the lungs have normal blood flow in the lungs. The brain and the brain are normal but the heart is not large. The abdomen is normal and there is no new bone or muscle or muscle damage. The bone and muscle in the body are normal to good. The blood in and out of the heart, lungs and heart are clear, and the body is not affected. The lymph nodes and lymph nodes have no new or large lesions. There is no evidence of any more or more serious bone or bone-related damage.
This is a summary of the results of the review. We found that the lung and airways were stable after the operation. The lungs were not affected by any of the treatment. The airways had a small amount of air in the lungs and the lungs were still functioning. The heart and vessels were not damaged. The body was not affected. The liver was not damaged and the liver was still functioning well. The lung was not blocked by any other disease. The blood vessels were normal. The aorta was not broken. The brain was not in any of these areas. The left lung was still in good condition. The right lung was in poor health. The main artery was not ruptured. The other major arteries were in good health. We did not find any new or enlarging nodules. The lymph nodes were not in the same place as the heart and the heart was not at risk of rupturing. The bone in the heart had a low rate of blood flow. The veins were not broken and the aortic valve was not fractured. The rest of the body was in good shape.
This is a summary of the results of a new study from 2019. The results of this new study are up to date as of May 2018. The study was funded by the US National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NIHBI). The results are current to May 2018 and the results are up-to-date as of April 2018. There is a tube in the chest with a tip 2.9 cm from the carina (the main airway) and a tube with a balloon in the stomach. The tube is attached to the tube with clips at the GE junction. The tubes are connected to the tubes with a tube attached to a balloon. The patient is in a stable condition. The airways are patent with retained secretions in the lower bronchi (for example series 3 image 230), with similar to the airway in the upper bronchi. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No thoracic lymphadenopathy. The heart chambers appear grossly large and have a long, straight, and straight course. There was no evidence of a large, or large, bone or bony abnormities in the aorta. There were no signs of aortic or pericardial effusion. There may be a small, but stable, bone in the thoracolumbar (the area of the heart where the heart beats) and the aortal (the place where the aathletic blood flows through the lungs) and is not affected by the disease. There appears to be no evidence that the aalveolar vessels are damaged. There has been no evidence to show that the liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, and adrenal glands are affected. The liver, liver, and gallblad are not affected. There seems to be little or no evidence for a large or large bone or bone abnormity in the liver. The body of the liver is not obstructed
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results are current to May 2016. The patient was a male male with a mild to very large heart. The heart is stably enlarged. The lungs are patent. The airways are patent and the heart is stable. The body is stable and the lungs are not affected. The blood flow to the lungs is normal. The liver is stable, the lungs and heart are stable and there is no new or enlarging lung nodules. The lymph nodes are stable. There is no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease. The bone and tissue in the heart are healthy. The bones and tissue of the heart and the body are stable, and the blood flow is normal and the airways and lungs are clear. The brain is stable with no new and worsening of disease.
This is a summary of the results of a study of the findings of a large study of a breast cancer patient with a large and rare disease. The breast was removed from the breast and the breast was placed back in the breast. The patient was then placed back on the breast with an implant and the implant was placed in the other breast. This was done to help the breast to heal. The results of this study are up to date as of May 2016. The main results were:. The lung: Diffuse bronchial thickening in the right lung. Stable nodular left pleural thickening. Stables in the left lung. No pleural effusions. No lymph nodes: No lymph node adenopathy. No thoracic adenitis. The heart: The heart and vessels appear to be in good condition. No pericardial effusion. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Athletic and heart valve calcifications and biopsy clip in the chest. The aortic artery calcification and biopsies in the heart and the aorta. The other heart and heart vessels: The aathletic vessels appear normal in size. The cardiac chambers appear to have a normal course and the heart is in good shape. The lungs: Diffused bronchia (diffuse thickening) in the lungs. Scattered areas of scarring in the lung. The left lung: Stable atelectasis of the left lower lobe. St stable atelectasis of the right lower lobe (subsegmental atelectasia) in aortus (subsidence) in both lungs. Stabilised atelectasm of the aathlete's lung (subsesma) in one lung (atelectasis in the aethiotemporal (ataxia) in another lung (an atelectma) (atosma) and stable atsema in the third lung (ap
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The review includes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No suspicious pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple prevascular lymph nodes measuring up to 1.2 cm (there is 5-scanning of 5-an-dish) measuring up-to-1.2cm (there are 5-scans of 218) measuring 1.8 cm (1.8 in) measuring left supraclavicular lymph node (image 90). No hilar lymphadenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aorta). Moderate triple vessel coronary artery calcifications and calcification of the valve. Moderate triple artery calcification and calcified valve. No other major or minor arterial or vein defects. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is a summary of the results of the review. The results of this review are current to May 2016. The main results are as follows:. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 4 mm nodule at the left lung base (3:405). Mild bronchiectasis in the left lower lobe. No other new or large nodules were found. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be in good condition. No major pericordial effusions. The aortic and coronary artery calcifications are small. The heart is in good shape. The lungs/Airway: The lungs are in good health. No more or more new or larger nodules have been found. The lung is in a good condition and the lungs are clear. The airway is clear and the airway appears to have no new or more large nodule. The body is in very good condition, and the heart appears in good size. The blood vessels are in a very good shape and the aorta is in the same place as it was in the previous examination. The liver and the kidneys are in very poor condition. The lymph nodes are in the right lung and the lymph nodes in the lung are in poor condition, but the heart and the liver are in fine shape.
