This review of trials found that lung metastatic disease improved significantly in patients with metastatic pleural disease. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema was observed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with COPD who had a normal heart or lung function. They found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was no evidence of any new or worsening of the symptoms of COPD in the neck or lungs. There were some mild symptoms of bronchiectasis (diffuse mild bronchial symptoms), mucus impaction (worsening of mucus), and thickening of the bronchium wall (worthing of the airways) consistent with large airways disease. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Severe aortic valvular calcifications. There may be some severe mitral annular calcification of the left vertebral artery. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There seems to be no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. No aggressive bone lesions.
This review found that the lungs are clear. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion has been reported. The heart is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified.
This review assesses the effects of cholecystectomy on the size of the thyroid gland, the lungs, the airways, the heart and the vessels of the aorta. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been seen since the operation. The thyroid gland appears to be stable in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been reported. The heart appears normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The liver appears to have a normal course and caliber of the arteries and vessels. The lymph nodes appear to be normal. No abnormal growths of lymph nodes have been identified. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of an inflammatory process such as organizing pneumonia or non-pneumonia induced pneumonia. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There were no suspicious nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There was no evidence that the thyroid was affected by thyroid cancer. The thyroid is normal size and volume. The major arteries of the heart are normal size, and there is no pericardial effusion. The two major arteries are the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. The left common artery is from the left brain. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
This review of trials found that the appearance of lung and airways disease is not typical for metastasis. There is some evidence that the right lung is getting worse and the left lung is also getting worse. The appearance of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great arteries are normal and the great veins are normal. There was no evidence of aggressive bone lesions. There were no new lymphadenopathies in the thoracic cavity. The overall appearance of this review was not typical of metastasis and further evaluation is recommended.
This review of trials found that the lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been identified. The heart is normal in size. The aortic valve is normal. Mild coronary artery calcifications have not been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the heart or vessels. No evidence of pleural effusion has been found, and the heart is still normal.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. However, there were a few granulomas in the right lower lobe of the lungs. The review authors found that the right lung was still clogged and the right upper lobe was still filled with fluid. The left lung was also clogged, but this was likely due to the presence of a foreign body in the left lower lobe. The right upper lung was not clogged or filled. No pleural effusions were noted. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta are noted. No pericardial effusion was noted. Stable sclerosis of the sternum is likely related to prior trauma. Remote right fourth anterolateral rib fracture again noted.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be affected, but there is no evidence that it is affected in a major way. There is a suggestion that the left breast may have a calcified mass in the lower outer quadrant of left breast, but this could be glandular tissue. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. There was no evidence of adenopathy.
This review of trials found that the left lung of the patient with chronic bronchiectasis (bronchus) is in a state of complete collapse, with secretions in the proximal right middle lobe bronchus, new from prior exam. The left lung is also in a condition of chronic bronchiolitis, with the left lower lobe being destroyed more than the right lung. The right lung is still destroyed, but the right side of the rib cage has been repaired. There is no evidence that the heart or vessels are affected. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal in caliber. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. No pneumothorax is noted. The thyroid gland is normal. No evidence of adenopathy is noted in the left thyroid gland. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion. The heart is normal and the vessels are normal in size. The upper abdominal wall is unbroken. The lower abdominal wall has no aggressive bone damage.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of lung function. However, there was a small amount of subcutaneous emphysema along the right lateral chest wall. No pericardial effusion was observed. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax was observed in the thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
This review found that lung and airway mass sizes were stable, but there were some abnormalities in the lungs and airways. There was a small increase in the number of pleural effusions, but no pericardial effusion. There is a small hernia in the right lung. There are multiple chest wall subcutaneous masses, some demonstrating interval growth, for instance an anterior scapular soft tissue mass measuring 3.1 x 2.4 cm, previously 2.2 cm. The blood pool is low, suggestive of anemia. The heart appears normal in size. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring up to 3.8 cm in short axis. The right lower paratracheal node measures 1.1 cm, unchanged. The left upper lobe paravertebral mass measures 8.8 x 5.5 cm, and the right upper lobe metastatic nodule measures 8 cm. There were no changes in the size of lymph nodes. The number of myocardial infarction episodes was stable. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review examines the effects of the operation on the lungs, heart and vessels of the chest and the abdomen. The review includes data from the chest, heart, vessels and abdomen. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules have been observed. Stable small left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis are again demonstrated. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent but less than 1 cm noncalcified and calcified mediastinal lymph nodes. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Status post median sternotomy and CABG with stable small fluid in the anterior and posterior mediastinums. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Again noted mild calcification of leaflets in the lower lobe. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive tissue lesions. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No bone lesions have been noted.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the left lung wall may be thickening and that the right lung wall is also thickening. There is also evidence that there may be some evidence of emphysema in the left lateral chest wall. However, there is no evidence that this is due to the presence of cancer. The review also found no evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland.
The review of trials found no evidence of any new or enlarging thyroid nodules or other abnormal thyroid growth. No new or worsening of thyroid disease was found. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Post radiation changes in the subpleural left upper lobe from prior radiation therapy were observed. Stable opacities along the right minor fissure, probably lymph nodes, were seen in the left lower lobe (4:132). No new thyroid nodule or enlargement was found in the right lower lobe of the left upper ear. No evidence of new thyroid growth was found, but the size of the hypodensities was too small to be sure of their presence.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mildly enlarged left axillary lymph node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis diameter, compared to 1.3 cm on the prior exam. No new adenopathy. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. The aortic arch is normal. The vertebral artery is straight and narrow, with a normal course and caliber of the aorta. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs. No evidence of obstruction of the airways or of the pleura is found. No serious adverse events have been reported.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are some small lung nodules in the right lower lobe of the trachea. There is a persistent nodularity of the non membranous tracheal wall, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the thoracic aorta. There is some evidence that there are some small lymph nodes in the left lower lobe of the neck, but these are stable. The patient is in hospital and is stable.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the right breast and axilla. The heart appears normal in size.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that there are still some small blood vessels and lung nodules in the lungs, but no evidence that they have disappeared. There is some evidence of scarring of the pleura (pulmonary ductus arteriosus) in the right lung and the left lung, but this is not consistent with chronic small airway disease including MAI. There are no signs of cancer of the lungs or the airways. There may be some evidence that the heart and vessels are still normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
The review of trials found that the size of the lung and airways have decreased and the number of pleural nodules has increased. However, the largest of these nodules measuring up to 1.5 cm in the right lower lobe is still large and stable. The number of patchy groundglass nodules in the upper lobe has increased, including new areas of involvement in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 214. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. No new noncalcified adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. No air trapping in the expiratory images.
This review of trials found that lung function was affected by the spread of lymphangioma in the right upper lobe of the chest. There is a persistent obstruction of the right lung and the right pleural effusion is worse than before. There are new soft tissue deposits along the right middle lobe and lower lobe bronchovascular bundles and nodular interlobular septal thickening, consistent with the lymphangitic spread of the tumor. The previously noted layering of right lung effusion has now become thickened and multiloculated and may represent superimposed infection. The left lung is stable and there is no evidence of obstruction. The right hilum is obscured by mass/confluent adenopathy. There was no evidence that the left lung was affected. The heart is normal in size. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There were no aggressive bone lesions. Lipoma in shoulder musculature can be noted. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to very low.
This review assessed the effects of surgery to remove the excess fluid in the esophagus and other parts of the body. The review found that the right lung and airways were in satisfactory position. The right chest tube terminated at the base of the chest wall and two left chest tubes terminated at an apex. The transesophageal tube terminated in the stomach. The left lung was in a similar position. No oral contrast was seen in the mediastinum or adjacent pleural space or lung (although presumably contrast was given by tube). No thoracic adenopathy was noted. No pericardial effusion was noted in the aortic valve. No other complications were noted. The aorta was normal in size. The heart and vessels were normal.
This review of the literature found that there is some evidence that lung and airway disease may be progressing in people with thyroid cancer. There is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lower lobe (3/40). Additional, scattered sub-4 mm nodules are seen. The patient is status post thyroidectomy. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion is noted. The heart and vessels are stable. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy is noted by CT size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the visualized spine. Changes from prior lumpectomy noted in the left breast. No changes from prior mastectomy are noted.
The review of trials found that there are no major problems with the lungs or airways. There is some evidence that the left lower lobe paraspinal finding described on PET/CT has decreased in size and is similar to the left upper lobe peribronchial consolidations. The right lower lobe pulmonary nodule seen on the study from April 2021 is no longer present. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.5 cm in the axial plane. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta are seen in the aortic valve. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Central airways are clear. No thoracic adenopathy. Enlarged thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Focal aneurysmal dilation of the descending aortus measuring up to three-quarters of a centimeter in the lower plane of the heart is seen in one study from 2021. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The aortic valve appears to be intact. The right upper lobe of the left lower lobe has a small hernia. The left lower limb has curvilinear atelectasis, similar to prior. The abdomen is better delineated on recent MRI of the abdomen. The hernia is stable. The thoracic adenopathy is not aggressive. The shoulder is still in place. The neck is still intact.
This review of trials found no evidence that the aortic or pleural nodes were affected. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe of the right tracheobronchial tree. The dominant node on the right is slightly increased in size, measuring 1.8 cm. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of patients with pleural effusions or consolidations. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found no evidence that any of the organs were affected by the disease. However, there were some signs of narrowing of the airways and some evidence that some parts of the abdominal organs may have been affected. The review also found that there was no evidence to suggest that the aortic aorta was affected. There were no new consolidations of the arteries or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The evidence for the other outcomes was not strong.
This review of trials found no evidence that the aortic valve was damaged. However, there was some evidence of a small hernia in the right thyroid gland. There was no change in the number of patients with an atelectasis in the lungs. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No changes in the amount of blood pumped out of the heart or vessels. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Common origin of the brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. Calcified aortics. Commonly occurring aorticular hernia. No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that lung and airway nodules are stable, but there is a small chance that some of them may have been there for a long time. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that the heart or lungs are affected. There are no signs of cancer of the lungs or the airways. The heart appears to be normal in size. The lung is not large enough to show any evidence of cancer. There may be some evidence that some parts of the lung are affected, but the evidence is not strong enough to be sure. There was no evidence of any cancer of either lung or the lungs. There were no reports of any aggressive bone lesions. The left adrenal gland remains the same as it was in 2014. The right lower lobe of the left lung has a calcified granuloma. Mild secretions are seen in the distal right mainstem bronchus. No evidence of lung disease is found. There appears to have been no evidence to suggest that there are any cancerous growths in the upper lung. The evidence is current to September 2015.
This review found no significant change in the size of the lung and airways, but there is some evidence of diffuse mosaicism of the airways. There is no significant difference in the number of patients with pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separately dictated report of CT abdomen from the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No significant change is seen in stable sclerotic osseous metastases involving axial and appendicular skeleton. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This review found that there is no evidence of cancer in the lungs. However, there is some evidence of a hernia in the left upper lobe of the neck, likely due to radiation. There is a large hernia on the right side of the spine, which may be due to the presence of lymphadenopathy (cancer of the lymph nodes) or pleural effusion (inflammation of the pleural cavity). Sclerotic metastasis in the T2 vertebral body is unchanged. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The size of the right upper lobe of the left lower lobe was stable and other scattered nodules measuring up to 6 mm in the superior segment of left lower limb were found. No new or worsening lung nodule was found. The left lower and right paratracheal lymph nodes were similar in size. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. No pleural effusions were observed. Mild mucus secretions were observed in the left side of the carina. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications are present similar to prior. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus and mild calcification in the aorts of the heart was observed. No calcification was observed in aortical leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cortical cysts were found to be present. No abnormal bone lesions. No evidence of aggressive bone disease was found in this area.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal lung function. No abnormal lung or airway function was found. No evidence of lung disease was found in the upper or lower abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Thyroid gland is normal. No abnormalities were found in either the thyroid gland or lymph nodes. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The aorta was 40 mm long and the aortic valve calcifications were reported separately.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid gland appears to be normal size. The aorta of the heart is 36 mm long and the aortic artery calcifications are not seen. Cholelithiasis is a common complication of pancreatic cancer.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid lobe mass measuring approximately 3 cm is stable in size. No new thoracic adenopathy has been reported. No pericardial effusion has been observed. There are mild coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in this review.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that some of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is some evidence that the lungs/airways/pleura may be enlarged. There is also evidence that there may be some evidence of enlargement of the aortic valve. There may be evidence of a small increase in the size of the thyroid gland. There are no aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: There are some indications that the heart and vessels may be enlarged. There was no evidence of an increase in blood pressure. There were no reports of a change in the number of patients who had a heart attack. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was some evidence to suggest that there was an enlargement in the lower paratracheal lymph node conglomerate, measuring 1.3 cm in short axis, and containing a punctate calcification. Additionally, there is an enlarged right infrahilar node, measuring 2.2 cm, containing a coarse calcification within the left thyroid. There has been no evidence that this enlargement is due to the presence of a blood clot in the thyroid. The central pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged to 3.3cm, may be seen in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension. The heart and vessel enlargement may be due to enlargement. No pericardial effusion was reported. Normal course and caliber of aorta are maintained. No aggressive bone disease was observed. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day on same day examination. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions were found.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No new or worsening of the disease. No evidence of thyroid disease was found. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were reported separately. The thyroid gland was unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the right upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree was stable and the left lower lobe was stable. However, the right lower lobe had a small hernia and the right major fissure (the largest in the world) had a smaller size. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The right upper and lower lobe of trachea had a similar amount of soft tissue opacity along the right hilum. No evidence of a new adenopathy was found. The left upper lobe had the same amount of tissue opacity as the right. The aortic valve calcifications were reported separately. No pericardial effusion was noted. The heart and vessels were normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications and mild calcifications of the valve were found separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerotic lesion in T5 vertebral body. Mild biapical scarring was observed underlying centrilobular emphysema.
This review found that the thyroid is normal. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Thyroid is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found in either breast. The thyroid is not affected by thyroid cancer.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. There is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be enlarging, but the evidence is not conclusive. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels appear to be in normal shape. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion is seen. The aorta appears to follow the normal course and caliber of the aortic valve. No aggressive disease of the bone marrow is observed. The presence of thyroid gland enlargement in the thymic bed is unremarkable.
This review found that lung and airway nodules overall decreased in size and density compared to study from June 2021. For example, a 6 mm right upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 5 image 236 previously measured 1.1 cm, and a 6 cm right arm lung nodule (137 x 137 mm) in image 137 previously measured 2.1cm. No new consolidations were observed. No pleural effusion was observed. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right rib fracture. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels: The lungs are normal. The central airways are patent.
The review of trials found no evidence of new or enlargement of lung or airway nodules. No new or worsening of existing lung disease was found. No pericardial effusion was reported. No pleural effusion (worsening of the airway) was reported, but there was a small increase in the number of cases of atelectasis at the right lung base. The left lung base had a small but stable punctate micronodule in the right upper lobe (5:125). New mild groundglass opacities in the left upper lobe were reported separately. The aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were not found. The esophagus is patulous. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. The heart is normal in size. Aortic, aortics and soft tissues: Diffuse osseous metastatic disease.
This review found that lung and airway changes were seen after radiotherapy, but these changes were mild. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The heart and vessels were normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications were again noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
This review assessed the effects of surgical resection of the left lower lobe of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. There is a new 1.0 cm irregular nodule in the azygos esophageal recess of the right lower lobe (series 4, image 265). The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 1.3 cm paratracheal lymph node. Otherwise, no thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review of trials found that there is a lot of evidence to support the theory that the right lung is more likely to expand than the left. However, the evidence is not strong enough to support this. The review also found that the left lung is probably more likely than the right to expand, but this is probably due to the fact that it is more exposed to the elements of the body. There is also some evidence that there may be a lot more evidence that the lung is expanding in the right side of the chest. There are no new lung nodules in the left upper lobe, but previously new nodules noted on July 2021 examination have resolved. There was no evidence of any new growth of new nodes in the lymph nodes. There were no new bone lesions in the lower lung. The left lung has a small but stable left apex micronodule (5:75) and the right pleural effusion has resolved. The right lung base and left lower lobe have a stable left ventricular micronoidule (6:199, 236). There is no evidence that this is related to airways disease. There may be some new lymph nodes in both the left and right lung. There appears to be little or no new growth in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial enlargement. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. LAD stent. Left chest wall ICD leads terminate in the upper atrium and right ventricle. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC/right atrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that there is a spiculated mass in the right hilum of the upper bronchus (bronchus of the lungs) that is extending into the right mainstem of the right bronchi and partially encases the right middlestem bronchius. This mass may be associated with postobstructive pneumonia. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. Moderate atherosclerotic aortic and coronary artery calcifications may be seen. The main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged measuring 3.4 cm in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Redemonstration of bilateral nonobstructing renal calculi measuring up to 1.5 cm on the left. Nodularity of the left adrenal gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive disease of the bone. The partially visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes were stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bony lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The aorta was normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were found, but these calcifications were not aggressive. The heart and vessels were stable and normal. No abnormal growths of the thyroid gland were reported. There was no evidence of any abnormal growth of lymph nodes or of the lymph nodes surrounding the thyroid. The thoracopharyngeal cavity was clear. The right upper and middle lobes of the lung were normal. The left upper and lower abdomen were normal and the left lower abdominal wall was normal. There were no abnormal enlargement of the aortic valve. No pericardial effusion. No changes in the number of patients with abnormal growth in the lung or in the airways were reported in the published literature. No major complications were reported, but there were no major complications in the thyroid glands or lymph nodes.
This review found that the left lower lobe pulmonary nodule is unchanged. There is an enlarging tubular nodule adjacent to this nodule. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen. Central airways are clear. No adenopathy by CT size criteria. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissue. Normal thyroid. Routine changes throughout the spine.
This review found that the right thyroid lobe is heterogeneous. The left thyroid lobe has a similar shape and size to the thyroid. The right thyroid is also heterogeneous and has a different shape. There is no evidence that the thyroid is affected by thyroid cancer. The thyroid is normal in size. The aortic artery and aorta are normal in shape. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aorte arch (normal variant). Ascending aortus measures 34 mm. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. No pleural effusion is reported. No lymph nodes are enlarging. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid or thyroid gland is reported separately. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal size and volume. The arteries and vessels of the heart are normal size. No abnormalities are reported.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes. No abnormal growth was found in the thyroid gland. The thoracic aorta is normal size and the pulmonary artery is normal. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland is normal in size. The heart and vessels are normal size. There is no evidence that any of the thyroid glands have abnormal growth. The bronchodilators are clear. No abnormalities were seen in the lung or the airways. The lymph nodes are normal and the aortas are normal. There was no evidence to suggest that any abnormal growth in the lymph nodes or thyroid gland was caused by cancer.
The review of trials found no evidence that any of the lung or airway nodules have changed after surgery. However, there are some signs of changes in the upper lobe of the thoracic spine. These changes include a thinning of the bronchial wall (bronchia wall) and a thickening of the airway wall (pneumothorax). No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothoracic (pulmonary) obstruction has been reported. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the lower abdomen. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high.
This review of trials found no evidence of aggressive bone lesions in the upper lung. However, there is some evidence that the right upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree may be affected. The left upper lobe has a small but stable nodule, which is probably due to the presence of mucoid impaction in the posterior right arm. No aggressive bone disease has been found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aorta is normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The heart is normal and the vessels are normal. The lung wall is thickening. No serious complications have been reported in this review.
This review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the brain is stable in size since at least 2007. The largest and most medial mass measures 6.0 x 5.1 cm. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been observed. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper and lower abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that there is evidence of severe cystic and varicoid bronchiectasis in the upper and lower airways. Some of the cysts have not yet progressed and some of the disease has progressed, for example in the left lower lobe of the trachea. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thyroid gland appears normal in size. No aggressive appearing bone lesions are noted. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications and Mitral annular calcifications are not seen. No evidence of osteopenia is noted.
This review found that there is a small but stable left lower lobe lung nodule in the right upper lobe of the neck. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy. There are chronic peripheral consolidations of the right middle and lower lobes with trace pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. A 1 cm right thyroid nodule is again noted. The main pulmonary artery is dilated suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Extensive collateral vessels are seen throughout the left chest wall. A mild compression fracture of a vertebral body is stable. For findings below the abdomen, please see a separate report.
