The review of trials found that lung and airway metastases have improved significantly. There is no evidence that lung cancer has spread to the airways or to the lungs. The heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The cancer has not spread to other parts of the body.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries. Severe aortic valvular calcifications. There is an independent origin of the left vertebral artery from the aorta. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
The review of trials found that the lungs are clear. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion has been reported. The heart is normal in size. The chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to characterize. Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No suspicious nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchiectasis. Moderate hiatal hernia. Findings are suggestive of an inflammatory process such as organizing pneumonia or NSIP, and are inconsistent with UIP. There was no honeycombing or significant reticulation. There were no adverse events. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and soft tissues: There were no aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that the appearance of lung and airways disease is not typical for metastasis. There is emphysema and large lung disease. The appearance of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There was no new thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria.
The review of trials found that the lungs are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been identified. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications have been observed. There is no evidence of a difference between the heart and vessels in terms of the size of the coronary artery and the blood vessels. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs is reported. There are no signs of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis and areas of mucoid impaction.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of patients with acute bronchitis. The review authors identified seven relevant trials. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval resolution of thoracic adenopathy, which was likely reactive. Scattered calcified granulomas. Upper lobe predominant paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema. Stable sclerosis of the sternum is likely related to prior trauma. Remote right fourth anterolateral rib fracture again noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Right hepatic cyst and other hypodensities, which are too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be affected, but there is no evidence that it is affected in a major way. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is a suggestion that there may be some abnormalities in the left breast, but the evidence is inconclusive. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion has been reported. No abnormal lymph nodes have been found.
The review of trials found that the right middle lobe of the tracheobronchial tree was in a state of complete collapse, with secretions in the proximal left middle lobe bronchus, new from prior examination. The left lower lobe was in the same condition, but worse compared to prior exam. There was no evidence of lung collapse in the lower lobe. There were no signs of lung failure in the aorta. There is no evidence that there is any evidence of obstruction of the airway. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There may be moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. No aggressive bone damage is noted. Healed right-sided rib fractures are noted. No pneumothorax has been reported. No thoracic adenopathy has been observed. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland or lymph nodes is noted, but there is a 1.7 hypodense nodule in the left thyroid gland. The evidence is up to date as of 5/22/2019. Ultrasound and possible biopsy is recommended. Please correlate with findings an recommendations on ultrasound.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of an obstruction of the airways or the lungs. However, there was a small amount of subcutaneous emphysema along the right lateral chest wall. There was no pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was observed. No pneumothorax was observed in the thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
This review of trials found that lung and airway abnormalities were stable, but there was some evidence that some of the surrounding tissue was growing. There was also evidence that there were some abnormalities in the upper thoracic spine, especially in the left upper lobe of the neck. There were also some problems with the heart and vessels. There is no evidence to suggest that the heart or vessels were affected by the cancer, but it is possible that it may have been affected by other factors.
The review of trials found that lung and airways disease is stable and the thyroid gland is unremarkable. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The heart and vessels appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta are noted. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence to support for the use of a chest tube for the treatment of emphysema in the right lower lobe of the lungs. However, there is also some evidence that the right lung wall may be thickened. There is no evidence that this is due to the presence of pleural effusion. The review also found that the left lung wall is thickening and that there may be some evidence of aortic calcification in the aorta. There was no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Post radiation changes in the subpleural left upper lobe from prior radiation therapy. Stable opacities along the right minor fissure, probably lymph nodes. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 41 mm.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mildly enlarged left axillary lymph node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis diameter, compared to 1.3 cm on the prior exam. No new adenopathy. Calcified granulomas in the bilateral lower lobes. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Incidental note is made of direct origin of the vertebral artery from the the spine, a normal variant.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a small amount of evidence of a persistent non-membranous tracheal wall growth, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis MRI report.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is evidence that there are some small but stable lung nodules in the left lower lobe of the liver. There are no changes in the right lower lobe. Sclerotic foci in both the right humeral head and the T10 vertebral body are stable. The ascending thoracic aorta is aneurysmal to 4.2 cm in length. The patient is status post cholecystectomy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. The heart appears normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of lung and airway disease. However, there is some evidence of scarring of the lung and the airway in the right lower lobe of the lungs. There is a small amount of evidence that the left thyroid gland is still calcified. There are no signs of cancer in the heart or vessels. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There was no evidence that there was any difference in the number of patients with cancer of the thyroid gland or the lymph nodes.
The review of trials found that the size of the lung and airways have decreased and the number of pleural nodules has increased. The largest of these nodules measuring up to 1.5 cm in the right lower lobe has become cavitary. The number of patchy groundglass nodules in the upper lobe has increased, including new areas of involvement in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 214. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No air trapping in the expiratory images. No new noncalcified adenopathy.
The review of trials found that there is a persistent obstruction of the right upper lobe bronchus with mass occupying the entire upper lobe, worse compared to prior exam. There is new soft tissue opacity along the right middle lobe and lower lobe of the lung and bronchovascular bundles and nodular interlobular septal thickening, consistent with the spread of lymphangitic spread of tumor. The previously noted layering right pleural effusion is now multiloculated and thick-walled with locules along the medial ends lateral pleura and within the fissures, may represent superimposed infection. The right hilum is obscured by mass/confluent adenopathy. There are stable small nodules in the left upper lung although evaluation abdomen is limited by significant respiratory motion artifact. Lipoma in shoulder musculature can be noted. The heart is normal in size. The great arteries are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions can be seen. The overall quality of the evidence is moderate.
This review assessed the effects of surgery to remove the excess fluid in the esophagus and other parts of the body. The review found that the right lung tube was in satisfactory position. The left lung was in a similar position and the two left chest tubes were in the same position. There was no evidence that the two tubes were connected. The right lung was still stuck in the middle of the chest wall and the left lung had not yet been cleared of fluid. There were no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic cavity and no evidence of a hernia in the chest. The aortic artery and aortics were normal in size. No evidence of obstruction of the aorta was found. There is no evidence to support the use of intravenous contrast for the removal of the abscess in the throat.
The review of trials found that there is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland (3/40) and that there are more sub-4 mm nodules in the left breast (4/206). There is severe centrilobular emphysema, slightly progressed since 2017. There is no evidence of a focal consolidation of the aortic valve. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion is noted. The patient is status post thyroidectomy. The heart and vessels are stable. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Degenerative changes are seen in the visualized spine. Changes from prior lumpectomy noted in the breast breast.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of radiotherapy in people with thoracic spine cancer. However, there is some evidence of changes in the shape of the lungs and airways. The left lower lobe paraspinal finding described on PET/CT has decreased in size and is similar to the left upper lobe peribronchial consolidations. The enlarged left upper lung nodule seen on the study from April 2021 is no longer present. The right lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 256 is unchanged compared to the prior study from 2021. There is chronic mucoid impaction and the right upper lobe consolidation in the right lower lobes which are similar to prior studies from 2021, but this finding is based on a single study. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.5 cm. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Calcifications of mitral annulus and valve. Upper abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications are present including valvular leaflets. Findings below the diaphragm are better delineated on recent MRI of the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Part visualized anterior cervical fusion hardware and right shoulder arthroplasty. Bilateral gynecomastia.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found one study published up to March 2021 that met the inclusion criteria for this review. This study was funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) through a grant from the National Institutes of Health. The study was conducted in the USA. The results show that the central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusions or consolidations have been reported. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe. New 3 mm right upper lobe nodule has been identified in the image 160. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent bilateral axillary nodes similar to the study from March 2021. The dominant node on the right is slightly increased in size, measuring 1.8 cm, and the dominant node in the left measures 1.7 cm. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung and airways are clear. No new consolidations have been seen since the previous studies. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The heart and vessels are normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. No abnormal bone lesions were observed. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed.
This review of trials found that lung and airway scarring was not different between patients with and without thyroid disease. However, there was a small hernia in the right thyroid measuring up to 3.6 cm (4:48). There was no change in the number of patients with thyroid disease in the heart or vessels. There were no changes in the size of the aortic valve leaflets. There was a similar number of cases of atelectasis in the lower lobe of the neck and the left lower lobe. The thyroid gland appeared to be normal in size. The heart and vessels appeared normal. No change in trace pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. Calcified valve leaflets were found in the left common artery. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No changes were observed in the thyroid gland. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatal hernia. Unchanged heterogenous nodule in the middle anterior chest wall, likely sebaceous cyst. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separately dictated report of CT abdomen from the same day.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules are stable, but there is a small hernia in the left lung. There is mild bronchiectasis (bronchial effusion). There is a trace left pleural effusion. The heart appears normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. The left adrenal gland remains unchanged. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No pericardial (under the heart) effusion has been reported. The right lower lobe of the right mainstem bronchus has a calcified granuloma. Mild secretions have been seen in the distal right mainststem (the left lung) and there is an unchanged nodularity of the left thyroid gland. There has been no evidence of any aggressive bone disease. There was a small hiatal hernia. There were no major complications.
This review of trials found no significant change in the size of lung and airway lesions, but there is some evidence of diffuse mosaicism. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were observed. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separately dictated report of CT abdomen from the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No significant change was observed in stable sclerotic osseous metastases involving axial and appendicular skeleton. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the left upper lobe/lingula of the neck. However, there is evidence of a hernia in the neck and a large hernia below the diaphragm in the T2 vertebral body. Sclerotic metastasis in the spinal cord is unchanged.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications are present similar to prior. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus and mild calcification in the left ventricles of the heart are present. The kidney cysts are present in the lower abdomen. The kidneys are normal.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal. No abnormalities were found in the lungs or airways. The thyroid gland appears to be in normal condition. The aorta of the heart is normal in size and the aortic valve calcifications are not abnormal. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lung or the airway. There are no abnormalities in the thyroid glands. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid is unremarkable. The aorta measures 36 mm in length and the aortic artery calcifications are not seen. Older right-sided rib fracture is an old problem.
This review found that the thyroid lobe mass measuring approximately 3 cm is stable in size. No new thoracic adenopathy has been reported. No pericardial effusion. There are mild coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size and there is no evidence of any new abnormal blood vessel formation. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that lung and airway enlargement, and pleural effusion are associated with pulmonary edema. There is evidence that there is some evidence that the aortic valve is slightly enlarged. There are also some evidence of enlargement of the heart and vessels. However, there is no evidence that this is due to the presence of aggressive bone lesions. There was no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of the severity of the disease.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion. Stable scarring in the right lung apex: treated malignancy. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion and no pericordial valve calcification. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that lung function is stable and that the right upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities have been observed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. The left lower lobe has been stable and the right major fissure has resolved. The right upper and lower lobes of the aortic valve have been stable. There is no evidence of any new adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery calcifications and mild calcifications have been reported separately. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerotic lesion in T5 vertebral body. Mild biapical scarring.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Normalized thyroid is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive cancer lesions. Punctate calcifications in both breasts. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules were seen in the upper and lower lobe of the thyroid gland. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion was observed.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the size and density of lung and airway nodules and found that they decreased in size. However, this did not result in any reduction in lung or airway obstruction. No new consolidations of the nodules were found. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The heart is normal in size and normal course and caliber of the aorta. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Healed right rib fracture.
The review of trials found no evidence of new or enlargement of lung or airway nodules. However, there was some evidence of an increase in the size of the aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The thyroid gland and the esophagus are patulous. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The aorta measures 36 mm. Aortic, aortical valve and the coronary arteries calcifications were not reported separately. There is no evidence to support the use of thyroid hormone replacement therapy.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes after radiotherapy have not been well documented. However, there is some evidence of changes in the left upper lobe of the thyroid gland. There is a mild enlargement of the right lower lobe superior segment (5/194), previously measured 6 mm. Worsening of thyroid gland nodularities in the right upper lobe and redemonstration of septal thickening (septal thrombosis) have been noted. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No pericardial effusion has been reported. Normal course and caliber of the aorta are noted.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with thyroid cancer who had a wedge wedge resection of the left lower lobe of the thyroid gland. The review authors found that the thyroid glands appear normal in size. There is a new 1.0 cm irregular nodule in the azygos esophageal recess of the right lower lobe (series 4, image 265). The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 1.3 cm paratracheal lymph node. Otherwise, no thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Lower abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the right upper lobe of the bronchus and the middle of the lung (bronchus intermedius) have resolved. Mildly mild bronchial wall thickening and mild bronchiectasis have been noted. Clusters of micronodules in the left upper and lower lobes (5:199, 236), favoring related to airways disease, have been observed. Stable left apex micronoidule (5.75). Previously new left upper lobe nodules noted on July 2021 examination have been resolved. Improving consolidation and groundglass opacities at the right lung base and left lower lobe with minimal residua noted. Small right pleural effusion, similar to prior exam, has resolved. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left supraclavicular nodes measure up to 1 cm. Increased number of subcentimeter mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes. No enlarging nodes. Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial and left ventricular enlargement. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. LAD stent. Left chest wall ICD leads terminate in the upper atrium and right ventricle. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC/right atrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is a spiculated mass in the right hilum of the upper bronchus (bronchus of the lungs) that partially encases the right mainstem of the lung. This lesion extends into the right bony mass of the bronchi and may be associated with postobstructive pneumonia. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate atherosclerotic aortic and coronary artery calcifications may be seen. The main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged measuring 3.4 cm in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The left para-aortic lymphadenopathy measuring up to 1.2 cm was better seen on the prior contrast enhanced study. However, there are right paratracheal and subcarinal lymph nodes and a prominent left supraclavicular lymph node measuring 9 mm (series 4, image 20). The partially visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bony lesions. No consolidations. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Postoperative changes of the right upper and middle lobes. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been affected. Heart and Vessels: Stable cardiac size. Post surgical changes consistent with prior mitral valve repair. No new or worsening pulmonary nodule. Normal pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate coronary artery calcifications. Upper abdominal scan: Findings below the level of the abdomen. No changes in the heart. Lower abdominal scan. Findings above the abdomen and soft tissues.
The review of trials found that the left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe of the thoracic spine is unchanged. There is an enlarging tubular nodule adjacent to this nodule. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. No adenopathy by CT size criteria. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
The review of trials found that the right thyroid lobe is heterogeneous. The left thyroid lobe has a similar shape and size. The aortic artery is normal in size. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aorta (normal variant). Ascending aortus measures 34 mm. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion is reported. No thoracic adenopathy is reported in the thyroid lobe. No lymph nodes have been found to be enlarging. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal size. Coronary artery, aortics (aortic valve calcifications) are present. Commonly occurring calcifications are found in the left and right aortas. No major complications are reported.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: Lungs/airways/pulmonary nodules: Scattered calcified granulomas. Mild bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid function. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and size of aorta. No abnormal growths or shrinkage. No pericardial effusion. No thyroid adenopathy.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax in the lung or in the lungs. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for the following outcomes: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Stable post surgical changes consistent with prior right upper lobectomy. No new and enlarging lung nodules. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Calcifications of the aneurysm and aortic annulus are normal. The rest of the visualized organs were similar. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.
This review of trials found no evidence of aggressive bone lesions in the upper lung. However, there is some evidence that the right upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree may be affected. This review also found that the left upper lobe has a small but stable nodule, which was previously biopsied and demonstrated benign pathology. The right upper limb has a smaller but still stable (9 x 4 mm) nodule that is probably due to the presence of mucoid impaction. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland or thyroid glands is seen. The aorta of the heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aortas of the lungs. No aggressive disease of the soft tissue surrounding the lungs and soft tissues of the abdomen.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the brain was stable in size since at least 2007. The largest and most medial mass measures 6.0 x 5.1 cm. No new or enlarging nodules were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were observed. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper Abdomen: No abnormal bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions were identified.
The review of trials found that some of the cysts are still growing and others have not yet grown. However, the disease has progressed and some of these cysts have spread to other parts of the body. There is no evidence that they are still in the same place in the chest or lungs. The thyroid gland is still growing normally and the thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. No evidence of obstruction of the airways or of the pleura (pneumothorax) has been found. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion has been noted. No aggressive appearing bone lesions have been noted in the breasts.
The review of trials found that some of the smaller lung nodules were not definitively seen on prior examinations, for example a 4 mm nodule in the right upper lobe on image 134.6 mm left lower lobe lung nodule is stable. There are chronic peripheral consolidations of the right middle and lower lobes with trace pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. A mild compression fracture of the T6 vertebral body is stable and the main pulmonary artery is dilated suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Extensive collateral vessels are seen throughout the left chest wall. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report. No thoracic lymphadenopathy is identified.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, thyroid enlargement has not been well controlled. The thyroid gland may be affected by the presence of secretions in the trachea and pleural effusion. There is no evidence of aggressive bone lesions. The right thyroid gland appears to be normal. The left thyroid gland does not appear to be affected. The aorta is normal and the left aortic valve is normal. There are no signs of cancer.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways appear to be normal in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion has been reported, but the aorta is mildly dilated (32 mm). The left internal jugular central venous catheter tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates at the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the theory that this type of lung disease is more common in people over 60 years of age. However, there is some evidence that it is more likely to occur in older people. The review also found no evidence that there are any serious side effects of this disease.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to determine whether there is any difference between patients with and without a CABG in lung function. There is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the right lung, but no evidence that this is due to the presence of pleural effusion. The heart appears to be normal in size and the aorta appears to have a normal course and caliber. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of patients with or without pleuritis in the chest.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormalities in the lungs, airways or other parts of the body. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was reported. Mild bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe of the lungs. Mild aortic valve calcifications. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be enlarged. However, this finding is based on only a small number of trials. There is no evidence that this enlargement is due to the presence of aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland appears to be unbroken and unbroken. There may be some evidence of an enlargement of the aortic valve calcifications, but this is probably due to congestion of the lungs. There was no evidence of a change in the amount of blood flowing through the lungs or in the airways. There were no reports of an increase in the number of patients with a pericardial effusion.
This review of clinical trials found no evidence that any of the following were abnormal: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No evidence of lung or airway obstruction. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prevascular mediastinal node measuring up to 1.1 cm short axis in series 3 image 80. Normal thyroid. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine bone lesions in the left third rib in series 86 for example. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No consolidation of the lymph nodes. Upper abdominal cavity: No abnormal growths. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Benign-appearing lucent lesions in the third rib (the left rib) in series 87 for example, but there is no evidence of aggressive growths in the right rib. Normal age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction or pleural effusion. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening with foci of mucoid impaction (for example lingula 4:242) and right upper lobe 5 mm groundglass nodule (4:85). Scattered calcified granulomata. Large amount of thrombus in the right internal jugular vein, partially imaged. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers are normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper abdominal wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of gastroenteritis can be observed in the case of people with GERD. No abnormal growths of the thyroid gland have been observed. The main limitation of this review was the small number of trials and participants.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some evidence of atelectasis in the right lung and in the inferior lingula, but this is not definitively identified. There is no evidence that this is due to the presence of an atelectase. There are no reports of any serious side effects. The review also found no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung and airway metastases were more likely to shrink after radiotherapy than after surgery. However, these metastases did not change the size or distribution of lung metastases. The heart and vessels were normal in size. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. No evidence of thyroid adenopathy was found. The cancer spread to other parts of the body, including the liver, heart, lungs, and vessels. The tumour spread to the liver and vessels appeared to be more spread in the liver than in the lungs. The lymph nodes did not show any evidence of cancerous growth. The liver was affected by extensive hepatic metastatic disease. There was no evidence of lymph node dissection. The right breast appeared to have the same size and shape as the left breast after surgery, but the right axillary lymph node was dissectioned. The left breast was not affected by cancer. No significant change in size or spread of pulmonary metastases was observed. No serious side effects were reported. The quality of life of people with metastatic breast cancer was similar to that of those without cancer.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormalities in the thyroid gland or other parts of the body. However, there is a suggestion that thyroid gland growth may be affected by the presence of a thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchial tree) consistent with airways disease. There is no evidence to support the use of aortic valve to open the aorta (the main artery) and heart and vessels. No abnormal growths of lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the neck or in the lymph nodes of the thoracic region of the neck have been identified. No evidence of abnormal growth of the lung or of the airways has been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the left breast.
The review of trials found that the size of the thyroid nodules in the thyroid continued to decrease. However, there is some evidence that there are still some nodules remaining in the prior area of consolidation in the left lower lobe and the right lower lobe. There is no evidence that any new nodules have been found. There are no new lymph nodes or paraesophageal nodules. The thyroid is normal size. The heart and vessels of the thoracic aorta are normal size and there are no aggressive bone lesions. The left lung is clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Thickening of the distal esophagus wall is decreased compared to the study from November 2020. Nodular thyroid with nodules of decreased in size is unchanged compared with the most recent study and stable going back to studies from July 2015. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone diseases. Normal course and caliber of the aortas. Severe arteries and veins: Normal heart size. No new abnormal growths.
The review of trials found that lung and airway cancer was not significantly different between the two groups of patients. However, the size of the right middle lobe pulmonary nodule was slightly larger than the previous study. There are associated enlarged airways. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels were normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were seen in the aortic valve. The upper abdominal organs were unremarkable.
The review authors searched the medical literature to identify all published and unpublished medical articles on this subject. They found that there are a number of different types of opacities in the lungs and airways of patients with COPD who have been admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) for treatment of COPD. The findings suggest that the lungs may be affected by aspiration/pneumonia. The endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic trachea. Central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separate CT abdomen or pelvis tests. No acute fracture is identified. Multiple old left rib fracture deformities are present. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Portions of the bilateral lower ribs are not seen on the CT chest or CT abdomen/pelvis examination.
The review of trials found no evidence of pulmonary contusion. The heart appears to be normal in size. There is a minimally displaced fracture of the left lateral 5th rib. Central height loss of the T4 and T5 vertebral bodies appear chronic. The lower thoracic ribs are either only partially visualized or not visualized. No acute compression fracture deformity was observed. There was some evidence of soft tissue stranding in the left 3-4, 4-5 and 5-6 intercostal rib spaces, which is likely posttraumatic.
This review of clinical trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs, airways or pleura. However, there are a few scattered sub-6 mm pulmonary nodules, for example a left upper lobe nodule measuring 5 mm seen on series 4 image 114. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately the CT abdomen for subdiaphragmatic findings.
The review of trials found no evidence of air trapping or tracheobronchomalacia. No evidence of pleural effusion. Mild multilobar lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Biapical, right greater than left, scarring. Mild reticulations in the left lower lobe favored to represent scarring (remote previous pulmonary embolism in that area). No evidence that the lung is blocked or that there is any evidence of interstitial lung disease. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Calcified granuloma in the right liver. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung function and airway function were normal. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bilateral subsegmental dependent atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The clustered right upper lobe nodules have decreased in size compared to the prior study with residual nodules measuring up to 4 mm in series 5 image 139. Other scattered lung nodules are unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mildly enlarging thyroid nodules were not seen in this review. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine were observed.
The review of trials found that the left lung is losing volume, with extensive changes in the left apex, including left upper lobe cavitation. However, there is no evidence of worsening in left basilar consolidative opacities. The thyroid is heterogeneous. No new thyroid adenopathy has been identified. There is evidence that the right lower lobe of the thyroid is stable, with no new thyroid cancer. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the thyroid. The left lung appears to be stable, but there is some evidence of scarring in the right apical pleuroparenchymal scarring. No pleural effusion is reported. No evidence of new thyroid disease has been found.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are a few small sub-5 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the right lung, but these are stable and do not appear to be aggressive. There is also some evidence of a small but stable 8 mm groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe.
This review of trials found no new noncalcified pulmonary nodules in the thoracic aorta, but there was one new lower paratracheal lymph node in the right upper lobe of the lung. This lesion also involves the mediastinum. No other new lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Small pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cyst. Post surgical changes consistent with prior cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: No evidence of lung disease. Mild bronchiectasis with a lower lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid gland: No signs of thyroid disease. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the left lower lobe of the lungs. There is a stable 1.1 cm left axillary node and a 2.2 cm left thyroid heterogeneous nodule. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion is seen. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. There was no change in the number of patients who had a CABG or TAVR. There were moderate coronary calcifications. The heart and Vessels: There is stable biatrial enlargement. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus. Dual lead pacemaker is in place. Epicardial wires are seen.
The review of trials found that lung and airway consolidation and loss of volume in the thoracic aorta were stable. However, there was a small decrease in the size of the aortas (pulmonary nodules) in the left lower lobe of the lung. There was no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. There were no signs of adenopathy (inflammation of the lymph nodes) or pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels were normal size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid or thyroid gland was found. The aortic artery was normal size and the coronary arteries were not affected. The left atrial enlargement of the atrial fibrinolytic balloon was not seen in the studies. No serious complications were reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
The review of trials found that lung function and airway function were stable. However, there was some evidence that some of the nodules seen on the prior study from August 2021 have resolved. There was no evidence that there were any major problems with the lungs or the airways. There were no major complications with the thyroid gland or the lymph nodes. The thyroid gland and lymph nodes were normal. The aorta of the heart was normal and the aortic valve was normal. No serious complications were reported. The heart and vessels were normal and no major problems were noted. There is no evidence to support the use of thyroid hormone for the treatment of people with thoracic spine cancer.
This review of clinical trials found that lung and airways were clear. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and pulmonary veins are rare. The hernia of the abdomen is a hernia. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airway obstruction was more common in the left lung and there was a small increase in the number of pleural effusions in the right lung. There was no evidence of obstruction in the heart or vessels. There were no major complications. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There are mild coronary artery calcifications. There is no evidence that the aortic valve is blocked. However, there is some evidence that there is a small amount of mucus in the central airways. There may be some evidence of inflammation of the bone marrow and soft tissue surrounding the lungs and soft tissues. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that lung and airways are normal size, and that the aortic aorta is normal size. There is no evidence to suggest that there is a difference between the lung and the airways in terms of the number of lung nodules, but there is some evidence that there may be a difference in the size of some of these nodules. There was no evidence that the lung or airways were affected in any way. There were no major problems with the lungs or the airway. The aortas were normal size and there were no problems with narrowing of the blood vessels. The thyroid gland did not show any signs of abnormal growth. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The review found no evidence of any serious side effects.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of a tracheobronchial tree for the treatment of chronic fibrotic interstitial lung disease. However, there is some evidence that it may be useful in the management of subpleural bronchiectasis.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes in the thoracic aorta. There is a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast in the series 5 image 221. There are no abnormal bone lesions in the neck or upper abdominal cavity. The thyroid gland is normal size. No abnormal thyroid gland enlargement. The heart and vessels are normal size, and there is no evidence that there is any evidence of abnormal blood flow to the lungs. The lung is clear, and the airways are clear. No evidence of obstruction of the lung or of the airway in the upper abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the lower abdomen. The review found routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the lungs and airways of people with COPD. There is evidence that some of the lymph nodes in the upper and lower lungs may be growing back. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. The aorta of the aortic valve appears to be normal. The left breast appears to have calcification in the left breast. There was no evidence that the heart was affected by narrowing of the vessels. There were no reports of any serious side effects of the treatment. The lymph nodes are difficult to evaluate due to noncontrast study.
This review found that the right middle lobe lung nodule remains stable and no new or enlarging lung nodules have been identified. There is a 1.6 cm left thyroid nodule. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion has been observed. Sclerotic lesions in the right second rib are stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This review found that left subpectoral lymphadenopathy is stable, measuring up to 1.0 cm (range 0.5 to 2.5 cm) in length. No aggressive lymphadenectomy has been identified. However, a trace right pleural effusion is noted. No axillary, mediastinal, or hilar lymphadenopathies have been identified in this review. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review of trials found that the cavitary lesion in the right apex is unchanged in size going back to study from July 2021 but has progressed compared to the study from October 2020. There are multiple calcifications and a fluid level within this lesion. There is increasing dependent consolidations throughout the right lung which extend inferiorly from the aortic arch. Severe centrilobular emphysematous changes throughout the lung. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No new pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid gland size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No heart and vessels: No pericardial effusion. Extensive soft plaques throughout the coronary arteries and the aneurysm of the descending aorta. There was a stable focal aneurysem of 4 cm in the the descending aneuris. There were also aneuriesm dilation throughout the descending artery. Upper Abdomen: No changes to the common bile duct. No changes in bone structure. Routine age- related degenerative changes throughout thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a small amount of evidence that some of the lung nodules may be enlarging, but no new or enlarging lung nodule has been identified.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is evidence that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the upper and lower lobe of the lung. There is no aggressive angiography of the oesophagus.
The review of trials found no evidence of interstitial disease. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bony lesions. Mild air trapping on the expiratory images. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic arteries. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid cancer. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial or periortial effusion. No other findings to suggest interstitial diseases. Normal thyroid thyroid. Central airways are clear. Routine bone and soft tissue changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some evidence to support the use of an endotracheal tube to open the airways. There is also evidence that a third anterior mediastinal chest tube is directed cephalad-oriented and has a right intrapleural course, terminating in the right lateral pleura. No definite pneumothorax has been found. There are overlying consolidative opacities with air bronchograms that most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis, however component of aspiration /consolidation is not excluded due to scattered right greater than left ground glass opacity that are suspicious for aspiration. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. There was no evidence of an aggressive oesophageal lesion. Heart and Vessels: Status post aortic valve replacement and left atrial appendage ligation. Left atrium appears dilated. Retained epicardial pacers are present. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Median sternotomy wires are not displaced. Ventral soft tissue stranding and coxa varus postoperative. Pneumomediastinum and fat stranding is postoperative and there is a small pericardial effusion of simple fluid.
The review of trials found that lung function and airway function were normal. However, there was some evidence of narrowing of the airways, which could be suggestive of aspiration/pneumonia. The main pulmonary artery was dilated, which can be seen in setting of high blood pressure. The liver appears slightly lobular in contour. The spleen appears top normal to mildly enlarged. Enteric tube is present within the gastric lumen. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. The aortic aorta measures up to 3.8 cm in length, mildly ectatic. The ascending thoracic trachea is slightly ectatic, which means that the tube ends in the upper airway. Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the tracheas. No effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No thoracics were observed. The heart appears normal in size. Heart and vessels: Heart appears normal. Mild anterior wedging of the C6 vertebral body is partially visualized.
The review of trials found that there is extensive thickening of bronchiolar and bronchial wall thickening which may be related to bronchitis and/or asthma. There is a small amount of pneumomediastinum surrounding the distal esophagus/gastroesophageal junction with the majority of the in the superior mediastinal region. No extravasated oral contrast is identified to suggest ongoing perforation. No holdup of contrast is seen at the gastroesophagus junction. There are no obvious fluid collections around the stomach. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta, which incidentally displays a two vessel branch pattern. The left hepatic artery is replaced to the left aortic vein. The lungs are otherwise clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that some of the upper airway obstruction may be due to prior granulomatous disease. However, there is no evidence that this obstruction is caused by cancer of the lungs. There is also no evidence of lymphadenopathy. The heart size is normal.
This review found that the right upper lobe of the chest is larger and the left lower lobe has increased, with an increase in leftward shift of the mediastinum. The heart size is stably enlarged. There is no pericardial effusion. The right kidney cyst is partially visualized, better characterized on recent CT abdomen pelvis. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There are trace bilateral pleural effusions. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive oesophageal cancer is observed.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the lungs, but no evidence that they are serious. There is evidence that the heart is normal size and there is no evidence of a difference in the amount of fluid in the upper or lower chambers of the chest. There are some concerns about the presence of a small amount of blood in the lower chambers, but this is likely to be related to patient's hydration status. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy. The review also found that the right thyroid nodule is unchanged. The right kidney cyst is partially visualized, but there is insufficient evidence to draw any conclusions about its function. The heart size is normal status post aortic valve repair. The pericardial effusion is not reported. No aggressive oesophageal cancer has been identified.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the theory that the narrowing of the chest is due to the presence of a narrowing in the airways. There is also no evidence that this narrowing is caused by an aggressive lesion of the oesophagus. The heart size is normal and the pericardial effusion is unchanged.
The review of trials found that the trachea is midline and patent. The lungs are normal size. There is no obstruction of the airways. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There was a granuloma in the left lower lobe of the left lung of no clinical significance. The spleen is prominent but not path enlarged. The right kidney is normal. There were no additional focal hepatic lesions. The visible portion of the spleen contains granulomas, but these are not of great importance. The left adrenal gland has an indeterminate 1.6 cm lesion, which has not definitely changed in size since 2002, which is reassuring. This lesion did not show increased uptake on PET/CT June 2012. The heart is normal size and there are no pericardial effusion. The coronary arteries are dense with calcifications of the coronary arteries. The liver is normal and the gallbladder is not enlarged. There may be fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. The stomach is normal but there is a large mass in the stomach. The bowel is normal, but the liver is not large enough to support the bowel. The kidneys are normal and there is no evidence of obstruction. The aortic aorta has calcifications in the proximal abdominal aortus. This may be due to the presence of calcification of the heart. The soft tissue around the sternum is thickening. The thoracic spine has degenerative changes of the shoulders. The sternum has a thickening of the tissue surrounding the sternal manubrium up to 2018 with inflammatory fat stranding.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of an aggressive lymphadenopathy. Mild sub-4 mm lung nodules are seen in the left upper lobe of the left lung. There is a stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe. Mild emphysema is present. A new small left pleural effusion is present, but there is not enough evidence to be sure that this is a new lesion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate MRI abdomen report.
The review of trials found that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases. Stable scattered lung nodules including a 4 mm left lower lobe nodule in series 4 image 409. There are also increasingly prominent but subcentimeter left axillary lymph nodes. Increasing right hilar adenopathy measuring up to 1.7 cm short axis. Increasing subcarinal lymph nodes measuring 1.6 and a meter shortaxis. Increasing periaortic lymph nodes (a type of periortic vein) measuring up 1.3 cm shorter than the neck. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine. Normal thyroid.
The review of trials found that there is a near-complete resolution of the previous left upper and lower lobe peribronchial consolidative opacities. There is no significant air trapping on expiratory series. Mild diffuse bronchiectasis outside the areas of fibrosis are also noted. Bilateral lower lobe predominant subpleural fine reticulations, associated with mild traction bronchiolitis without honeycombing, in a pattern similar to possible UIP. Unchanged 2-3 mm pulmonary nodules, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 206, are seen. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. There are severe coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The heart and vessels: There is biatrial enlargement. There may be an unchanged 1.4 cm lower paratracheal node.. The thyroid gland is not stable. There were multiple healing rib fractures. Status post sternotomy. The main pulmonary artery, measuring 3.2 cm in diameter, is seen. There was a stable enlargement of the left adrenal gland. No major complications of the heart and vessel. The right adrenal glands are stable. The left lung is stable.
The review of trials found that lung function and airway function were stable and no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. There was a small but stable cyst in the left lower lobe with associated small airway findings. There is decreased soft tissue thickening along the suture line in the right. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and no pericardial effusion was observed. Pulmonary artery size is normal. Upper Abdomen: Postsurgical changes consistent with prior left nephrectomy. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Small hiatal hernia. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the upper chest and upper abdomen. There is evidence that the heart may be enlarged. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of patients with anemia. There were no reports of any aggressive lesions of the oesophagus or the pericardium. The heart size is enlarged. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle is too large to allow normal blood flow to reach the lungs. No aggressive lesions have been identified. The quality of the evidence was graded as moderate to very low. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 378 was unchanged compared to the prior studies. The left upper lobe in series 147 was unchanged. The thyroid gland was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size and there was no evidence of pericardial effusion. The upper abdominal organs were unremarkable. There were no new consolidations of the thyroid gland or thyroid gland. The lung was clear and the airways were clear. There was no change in the size of the lung or the airway in the left middle lobe. No changes in the number of lymph nodes or thyroid glands were seen. The aortic aorta and the pulmonary artery are normal size, and there is no evidence that there is any difference in size between them. The abdominal organs are unremarkable, but there is some evidence that the neck vertebrae have increased in size compared to previous studies.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of radiotherapy for the removal of the left lower lobe of the thyroid gland. There is some evidence that the right thyroid gland may have calcified, but there is not enough evidence to be certain of this. However, there is a small hernia in the left thyroid gland, which may be of granulomatous origin. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size, and the heart and vessels appear normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic arteries. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcified lymph nodes in the right hilum and subcarinal distributions. No new or worsening lymph nodes. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal cardiac size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac sizes. No abnormal enlargement of the lung bases. No major changes in the aortic valve. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral half-vigorous hydronephrosis. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Intramuscular and soft tissue lesions. In the left shoulder muscle, a benign finding.
The review of trials found that there is no new evidence of adenopathy in the left lower lobe of the thoracic spine. However, there is evidence of a collection of debris in the right lower lobar bronchus. This finding is unchanged compared to the study from September 2021 but is new compared to prior studies. There is no evidence of any new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The right lower lobe is still covered by a thin layer of scarring. There are no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. The heart and vessels are normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta are present. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine are observed.
This review looked at the effects of the operation on the lungs, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bony lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healing left-sided rib fractures.
This review of trials found that there are a few small lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, but no aggressive lung cancer. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of an increase in the risk of pleural effusion. There is a lack of evidence of a change in the amount of lymphadenopathy in the lower paratracheal lymph nodes.
The review of trials found that lung and airways abnormalities were not uncommon, but there were some abnormalities in the thyroid gland. There is a calcified nodule in the left thyroid gland, but the heart appears normal in size. The aorta (the main artery) is normal and there is no evidence of obstruction of the aortic valve. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were seen. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the left lower lobe of the lung. The right lower lobe had a similar pattern of narrowing and scarring. The left lung was normal size and the aorta normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size, but there was some evidence of narrowing of the coronary arteries and aortas. The angina was not worse than usual. No new bony lesions were found in the right fifth rib. There was no evidence of any new abnormal growths in the lymph nodes or thyroid gland. The combined analysis of the available evidence showed that the left lung and the airways were clear. There were no signs of obstruction of the airway. There is no evidence that the right lung is larger than the left. There are no new abnormal enlargements of the thyroid gland or of the heart or the vessels. The combination of the results of the trials suggests that there is no new evidence of abnormal growth in either the left or the right lungs.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland (thyroid gland) in the right upper lobe of the trachea is normal in size. The thyroid gland in the left lower lobe has a spiculated mass with tethering of the right minor fissure at its inferior portion (better seen on sagittal images). The nodule has an approximately 1.6 cm interface with the right major fissures and tethers the fissured area. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Small hiatus hernia Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal. Normal course and caliber of the arteries (aorta) and aortic calcifications. Upper and lower abdomen: Unremarkable. The spine and soft tissues: Scattered lesions in the spine (for example C7, T3 vertebral bodies).
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there are some abnormalities in the lungs, but no evidence that these abnormalities are serious. There is no evidence to support the use of radiotherapy for the treatment of these abnormalities. However, there is a suggestion that radiotherapy may be warranted if there is evidence of abnormalities in these parts of the body.
The review of trials found that there is evidence that lung and airways disease is growing in the left lower lung. There is also evidence that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pleural effusions have been identified. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area of the neck. The right upper lung appears to be normal. The left thyroid gland appears to have a small lesion, but the size of this lesion is poorly defined. There are no signs of lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the right thyroid gland. No pericardial effusion has been observed. The aorta of the heart appears normal. There were no reports of complications of the aortic artery calcification. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution because of the small number of patients and the small size of the lesions.
The review of trials found that there is a small but stable lung nodule in the right upper lobe of the chest. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been seen. The central airways are patent. There is mucus impaction in the left upper lobe. No pleural effusions have been reported. There are stable sclerotic lesions in the neck vertebrae at the level of T1 and T10 vertebral bodies. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The aorta is normal. The hernia in the lower abdominal wall is not large enough to be of concern. There was no evidence that the hernia was caused by a blockage of the aortic valve.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the esophagus. However, there is some evidence that there are a few small but stable lung nodules in the left upper lobe. These are stable and have not spread to the other parts of the body.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of radiotherapy for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, there is some evidence that radiotherapy may be performed if necessary. The review also found that the heart is normal in size. There are no signs of obstruction of the lungs or the airways. The aorta is normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The kidneys are normal. There is no indication that the kidneys are affected. The left thyroid gland has a single, small, irregularly shaped nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size, but this may be due to mucus impaction. The right thyroid gland also has a small irregularity, but it is not thought to be affected. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Bilateral shoulder arthroplasties have not been found yet. Ultrasound is recommended if not already performed. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for COPD.
The review of trials found that the right middle and bilateral lower lobes of the thoracic spine are consolidated with several cavitary lesions or necrotic pneumonia. In the aerated upper lobes, there are multiple cavitary pulmonary nodules. Small bilateral pneumothoraces with chest tubes in place. The left-sided central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium is normal size. The right IJ ECMO cannula and the partially visualized right IVC ECMO canula are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. The chest tube tips are in the upper pleural space. Upper abdominal organs: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unchanged. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Significant amount of chest wall necrosis in the chest wall.
This review of clinical trials found no evidence of adenopathy per size criteria. There is a new sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right middle lobe of the right lung. There are multiple subcentimeter mediastinal and axillary lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable with subcentimeters of retroperitoneal lymph nodes and os acromiale on the right breast. No aggressive bone lesions. Patient is status post bilateral breast implants status post mastectomy, tiny foci of air in the left breast previously seen on November 7, 2020. There was a borderline enlarged main pulmonary artery, which can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension.
This review found no evidence of pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy is identified. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. Minimal aortic atherosclerotic calcifications were seen. A small hernia is noted. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that there are scattered granulomas in the right upper lobe of the chest. No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. There is a 1.0 cm right posterior paratracheal node (a node in the upper chest that leads to a narrowing of the airway) but the size of this node is not clear. The heart size is enlarged. The liver again demonstrates nodular contour and enlarged caudate lobe. There are scattered sclerotic lesions in the bones and soft tissue. No axillary adenopathy is seen. The pericardial effusion is not seen and there is no evidence of an increase in the number of patients with a periurethral blockage.
The review of trials found that lung and airways are clear and normal. The aortic aorta is normal size and the heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no evidence of narrowing of the lungs or of obstruction of the airways. No pneumothorax (pneumonia) has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the thoracic spine. The review found no evidence that the thyroid gland has been affected by thyroid cancer. However, there is evidence that thyroid gland tissue may have been damaged by the presence of calcified calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways are affected. There are no signs of lung or airway obstruction. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The great arteries of the heart are normal size and the great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The kidney mass is partially imaged. The oesophageal mass is not large enough to be of interest.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that lung and airway scarring is present, but no evidence that there are any new or enlarging nodules. There is a small but stable hemangioma in the vertebral body of T8 vertebrae. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. There are some coronary artery calcifications. The aorta appears to have a normal course and caliber. The abdomen appears to be normal. No pleural effusions are identified. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The bone density of the muscle tissue is likely to be variable, but there is no evidence of bone islands.
This review of trials found that lung and airway enlargement was more common in the left lower lobe of the brain than in the right lower lobe. There was some evidence of an increased prominence of spiculated lesions in the brain. There were no pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The airways are patent. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.1 cm, grossly similar to prior. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: No consolidations. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery. No lymph nodes: No abnormal lymph nodes. Normal thyroid size. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal breast adenopathy. No breast cancer. No abnormal breast cancer by CT size criteria.
The review of trials found that there are several new metastatic lesions in the lungs, a few measuring up to 1.0 cm, for instance series 5 image 216. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. There is a stable subcentimeter hypodensities in the left thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: A right chest port distal tip terminates in the distal SVC. The left atrium is st enlarged. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. There are coronary calcifications of LAD. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0cm which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is likely hemangioma in the T3 vertebral body that extends into the spinal canal measuring 0.7 cm and causing mild stenosis of the central canal, could reflect degenerative changes versus possible meningioma.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The evidence is up to date as of September 2013.
The review of trials found that the thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been found. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Stable 6 mm right upper lobe nodule (4:79). Stable 5 mm right arm thyroid nodule 4:162. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the right atrium. Upper abdominal wall: No aggressive bone lesions. Biopsy clip in the breast. Right axillary biopsy clip.
This review looked at the effects of the operation on the lungs, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are moderate pleural effusions, greater on left lung. There is a small pericardial effusion. Endotracheal tube is in place. No central pulmonary embolism is seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There was no aggressive bone lesion in the heart or vessels. There were no major complications. Urinary tract infection: There is mucus plugging within bilateral lower lobe bronchi. Enteric tube is seen, but there is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found that there were no major complications associated with the removal of the right lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree and the right upper lobe wedge resection. However, there was a small but stable 1.5 cm ground glass nodule in the superior segment of the left lower lobe. There is no associated soft tissue component on mediastinal windows. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the right breast, but this may represent normal preserved tissue. No pericardial effusion was noted. The aortic and coronary artery calcifications were unremarkable.
This review found that the left upper lobe of the left shoulder had a 3.2 x 1.5 cm consolidation present since at least October 2021 MRI of the shoulder but new since May 2021. There are surrounding tree-in-bud opacities in the left lungs consistent with airways disease. There is a small left pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Aorta and aortic valve calcifications were reported separately. No pericardial effusion was observed. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Stable T12 vertebral body compression fracture. Calcifications and/or biopsy clips in both breasts.
The review of trials found that lung nodules were seen in the right lower lobe of the heart, but these were not definitely seen on prior thick-section CT. There is bibasilar atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion is seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis, same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that left upper lobe consolidation has decreased since prior exam consistent with healing. However, this result is based on a single, previously noted, 1 cm nodule in the right upper lobe that has resolved. The left lower lobe is still scarred. The right lower lobe has not healed. No pleural effusion has been noted. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No pericardial effusion. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The aorta is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aortic artery calcifications have not been reported. Older left anterior fourth rib fracture has not been repaired.
The review of trials found no new enlargements or pulmonary nodules. Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Lateral right middle lobe mucous plugging with associated atelectasis. Emphysema. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new enlargings. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of a tracheobronchial tree for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. However, there is some evidence that the tree may be useful in the management of bronchiectasis. There is also evidence that there may be some evidence of pleural effusion, but this is not known to be clinically relevant. No new nodules have been found in the right lung since the right lower lobe was removed in 2010. The left lung has a stable 1.3 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (3:34). An additional 1.2 cm subpleural groundglass nugetil nodule, present since at least 2010 is mildly more conspicuous on this exam which may be due to technical differences; there was no associated solid component on mediastinal windows (3-120). Additional 1-2 mm micronodules are noted in the left lung (right upper lobe 6 mm, 3:138; 6 mm in the lower lobe 3:154; 4 mm 3:146). Nodules also noted in both the left and right lung (left lower lobe 4 mm, 4 mm and left upper lobe 3 mm, respectively). No new growths have been seen since 2010. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. No pericardial effusion has been found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Pneumobilia may be related to prior surgery, stable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were stable and the heart and vessels were normal in size. There was a small increase in metastatic disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebral body, from 0.7 cm to 1.2 cm. There were no pleural effusions. There is no evidence that the aortic artery calcification is increasing. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that lung function is normal. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules. Stable scattered sub-5 mm nodules since most remote exam of November 2020. Mild improvement in superimposed groundglass opacities since May 2021. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Aortic valve calcifications. Older healed rib fractures. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No new and enlarging thyroid lesions. Portions of the stomach are patulous. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found that there are some problems with the lungs and airways, but no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland. There is some evidence that there is a small amount of blood in the upper airway, but this may be due to the presence of a blood clot in the lower airway. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the chest and upper abdomen, but no evidence that this is a serious problem. The heart size is normal. Mild biapical scarring is present. There are scattered pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm, in the upper chest. There is no pericardial effusion. The central airways are patent. No aggressive oesophageal cancer has been identified. The stents placed in the celiac artery have been partially visualized. Bones and soft tissue are intact.
The review of trials found that there is no new evidence of lymphangioleiomyomatosis in the chest. There is a 2 mm nodule along the left major fissure, likely an intraparenchymal node, and a calcified granuloma is again noted in the right lower lobe. Multiple left thyroid nodules are unchanged, measuring up to 1.8 cm. The heart size is normal. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The pericardial effusion is no longer noted. There are no new pulmonary nodules. The upper abdomen and pelvis are dictated under a separate accession number. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive oesophageal lesion (osseous lesions) is identified, but there is a lack of evidence of oedema. There was no evidence of axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable sub 4-mm nodules, including a 3 mm nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland, remain in the upper arm. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No significant coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unchanged left renal cyst with punctate calcification. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart is normal in size. Heart and vessels: No significant pericardial (under the left lung) effusion. The central airways are patent.
The review of trials found that lung and airway wall thickening was not associated with any new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. No pericardial effusion was reported. Mildly thickening of the esophageal wall was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Thyroid gland growth is heterogeneous. The heart is normal normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications were not noted. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules. The appearance of the lungs is stable since May 2021. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of gastroenteritis. Mild aortic calcifications. Mild pericardial fluid. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. Ascending aorta measures 35 mm. Main pulmonary artery is dilated, which is seen with pulmonary hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Hemangioma in T9 vertebral body.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are no abnormalities in the lungs or the airways. There is no evidence of obstruction of the airway or of narrowing of the blood vessels. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent although evaluation of the internal jugular veins is limited. There were no abnormal blood vessels in the neck. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected by cancer. No abnormalities were found in the abdomen or the pelvis. The visualized thyroid gland did not appear to be affected. No abnormal bone lesions were found. The review found that there were no abnormalities of the heart or the lungs, but that there was some evidence of abnormal blood flow to the neck and the lymph nodes.
The review of trials found that lung function was poor, with low lung volumes and diffuse bronchiectasis (bronchial atelectasis) and diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, new from prior and is likely inflammatory in nature. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.8 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The patient is status post median sternotomy and LVAD placement.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with thyroid cancer. They found that the thyroid gland and lymph nodes were stable, but there were a few scattered micronodules in the left upper lobe and right lower lobe of the left lung. No pleural effusion or consolidation was observed. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Mild coronary calcifications were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the right fourth and sixth lateral ribs. The left-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions were noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes are stable, for example 7 mm peripheral lymph node (5/202) with however interval enlargement of two distal paraesophageal lymph nodes from prior (before 5/211). Stable 1.9 cm exophytic right thyroid nodule dating back to 3/20/2020. New soft tissue densities in the thymic bed, likely representative of thyroid hyperplasia.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the left lung and other parts of the body. The review found that the heart appears normal in size. There is a small hernia in the left chest wall. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.7 cm. There are mild coronary calcifications. The right chest wall Chemo-Port, terminating in the cavoatrial junction, is an irregularity, measuring approximately 6.5 cm. The left lung appears to be stable. There was a small improvement in the right lower lobe groundglass opacities. However, there was no improvement in left basilar gas containing collection. There were no changes in the number of patients who had a pericardial effusion. The upper lobe predominant paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema was seen. There may be mucus plugging in multiple left lower lobe bronchi. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The kidneys were found to be normal. The heart and vessels were normal.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes were stable after surgery. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The heart and vessels were normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were not seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic bony metastatic lesions which are similar in distribution compared to the prior study. Stable postsurgical changes of the right breast.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchiectasis in the lung bases which is likely related to aspiration. No adenopathy within the thorax by CT size criteria. No air fluid collections in the mediastinum to suggest conduit leak. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airways disease is a common complication of thyroid gland disease. The evidence is current to January 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild pleural tag. No pleural effusions. Lung and airway disease: Mild bronchiectasis. Mild aortic calcification including valvular leaflets. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T8 vertebral bodies. Multilevel vertebral body hemangiomas. Scattered sclerotic foci in the bilateral humeral heads, likely bony islands. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild dilatation of descending aorta to 3.7 cm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This review found no new or enlarging of pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The thoracic aorta is normal size and the aortic valve is normal in size. The thyroid gland is normal. The heart and vessels are normal size. There is no evidence of a difference between the thyroid gland and the thyroid in relation to the rest of the body. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine are observed.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs, airways, or aortic aorta. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No soft tissue within the prevascular mediastinal compartment was found to be affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The heart and vessels were normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were observed. Cholelithiasis was not reported.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules are uncommon. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine are observed.
This review of trials found that the right lung is still thickening and the right pleura (pulmonary ductus arteriosus) is still expanding. However, the left lung is not thickening as much. The right lung and pleura are still expanding and there is no evidence of any new pleural effusion. The airways are patent. No new lymph nodes have been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. Heart and Vessels: Mild left atrial predominant cardiomegaly. Three-vessel coronary calcifications and calcified plaques along the aorta including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Unremarkable thyroid gland.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that the lungs or airways have been affected. There are some signs of thickening of the bronchial wall, particularly in the right lung. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No suspicious nodules or masses are seen. The visualized thyroid gland has no abnormal growths or mass. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. There were no fractures in the rib cage. There was no evidence of an increase in the risk of aortic aneurysm (a narrowing of the artery that carries blood to the heart). There is a loop recorder in the anterior left chest wall. Hypodensities in the liver are again noted, one of which now demonstrates punctate calcifications, new from prior exam. The heart and vessels are normal. No pericardial effusion is noted. The coronary arteries are calcified. No evidence of abnormal calcification of the coronary arteries is noted, similar to prior examination. No abnormal growth is noted in the thyroid gland. The two rib fractures were healed.
The review of trials found that lung function is normal and the airways are patent. There is a small hernia in the hernia. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. There are mild coronary calcifications. The right hepatic cyst is again seen. No aggressive bone lesions have been seen. The liver is still intact. The lung is patent. No pleural effusions have been reported. The lymph nodes have not been affected. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lymph nodes.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The nodularity along the right bronchial stump is unchanged compared to the prior study. Chronic fluid collections in the right pleural space are unchanged in size. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are not seen. No aggressive bone lesions. No new consolidations. The thyroid gland has normal size and volume. No thyroid gland enlargement. The heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Heart and vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal cardiac course. Normal aortic valve size. Upper abdomen: No changes below the level of the diaphragm.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that small airways disease in the inferior left lower lobe of the lungs may be associated with pneumonia, but there is no evidence that this is a cause for concern. There is also evidence that there may be some evidence to suggest that the right lower lobe may be affected by small airway disease, but the evidence is not strong enough to draw any conclusions. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is a lot of fluid in the lungs and airways and that there may be some obstruction of the airways. There is also some evidence that the lungs may be narrowed. There are also some indications that the aorta (the main artery) may be dilated, which can be seen ascending of pulmonary hypertension. However, the arteries of the heart are normal in size. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of an obstruction in the lung or the airway of the lungs. There were no signs of obstruction in either lung or in the mainstem bronchi. There appears to be a small hernia in the upper thoracic bronchi, which may be caused by the presence of a gastrostomy tube. There may be a thinning of the lymph nodes, but there is no evidence of any obstruction in this area. No evidence of obstruction was found in the other parts of the body.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence that the disease affects the lungs or airways. However, there is some evidence that it may affect the heart and vessels. The review also found that the lymph nodes in the left lung are slightly larger than usual but have a normal fatty hilum suggesting benign etiology. There is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effect of the disease on the heart or vessels.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aortic valvular calcifications are mild in nature. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema is noted. The lung is stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. The lymph nodes are unchanged. The thyroid gland has not been affected. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted.
The review of trials found that there is evidence of fibrotic interstitial lung disease in the upper and lower airways. This can be seen as a feature of ILD. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there is some evidence that the aortic valve calcifications are more common in patients with ILD than in patients without ILD, and that the heart and vessels are more likely to be calcified.
The review of trials found no evidence of pneumonia. No evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or airways was found. Mild ground glass opacities with interlobular septal thickening are seen in the left lung and pleural effusion is noted in the right lung. Heterogeneous retrosternal fluid, probably due to recent surgery, is expected postoperative. No pericardial effusion was reported. A known Type A aortic dissection extending from the root of the heart to the abdominal aorta is demonstrated. Dissection flap is seen in common carotid arteries. Heart and Vessels: Timing of contrast is not adequate for evaluation of the aortus. Streak artifact from contrast injection also obscures some of the vasculature. Aortic valve replacement is planned. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Prior sternotomy, the left chest wall pacemaker leads terminate over the right atrium and right ventricle. Surgical clips are used.
The review of trials found that lung function and airway function were not affected. However, there was a small amount of blood in the blood pool and this may have been due to anemia. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
The review of trials found that lung function was stable post right lower lobectomy with stable right perihilar post radiation changes. Improved bronchial impaction at the right lung base. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. Chronic right pleural thickening. Underlying upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the heart. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper abdominal wall: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of tracheobronchial tree as a treatment for bronchiolitis. However, there is some evidence that it may be useful in the setting of gastroenteritis. There is also some evidence of a wall of fluid and debris in the esophagus which can be seen in patients with GERD. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of patients with bronchial wall thickening. There were no reports of a change in the size of the aorta or of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No pericardial effusion has been reported in this review. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. The gallbladder has a high density of material in the gallstones, probably due to the excretion of contrast from recent intravenous administration. Please see separate dictation of the CT abdomen/pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is no aggressive bone damage.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence that lung cancer is present. However, there is some evidence that there may be some evidence of lymph nodes in the lungs. If patient is at increased risk for lung cancer, CT in 12 months may be considered. The review also found that the heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
The review of trials found that lung function and airway size were normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The left upper lobe pulmonary nodule increased from 4 mm on the study from July 2021 and is new going back to the study of 2017. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Central airways are clear. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the lungs. No aggressive bone lesions in the soft tissues.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is difficult to measure due to adjacent atelectasis, in series 3 image 379 for example. Other scattered pulmonary nodule including a 4 mm right middle lobe nodule in image 239 are unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: Normal size. The pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper and lower abdomen organs: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid gland: No thoracic adenopathy. No thyroid gland is abnormal. Pulmonary artery: Pulmonary function: Normal. No major problems. No new or expanding lung nodules are observed. No aggressive cancer. No changes in bone mineral density are noted.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of a difference between the two types of lung disease. However, there is some evidence of an increase in the number of lymphadenopathies in the left lower lobe of the right upper lobe. This is consistent with previously seen pulmonary neoplasm. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The right-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis, otherwise unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval development of subcentimeter mediastinal lymphadenopathy, increased in number compared to prior examination. Interval worsening of diffuse consolidation and groundglass opacities throughout the lung.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence that pulmonary arteries are blocked or that they are blocked. However, there is some evidence that the arteries may be blocked. There is also some evidence of calcified granulomas in the upper and lower limbs. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been seen. The thyroid gland is nodular. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been observed. No pleural effusions have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with COPD who had undergone cholecystectomy. The evidence is current to January 2019. The review authors found that there is a great deal of evidence for the presence of stable 4 mm pulmonary nodules, some in a tree-in-bud pattern, for instance in the left lower lobe on series 3, image 200. Nodules are unchanged compared to 1/11/2019. There is mild bibasilar air trapping on expiratory view. Bibasilar atelectasis is seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion (worsening of the blood supply to the lungs). There is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecysectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung function is normal and that the aorta is normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of large airway disease including bronchial wall thickening and areas of mucoid impaction. Peripheral reticulations and cystic change laterally in the lower lobes these findings are unchanged compared to the study from September 2017. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 4 mm left lower lobe nodule in series 3 image 277 which is unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central and upper airways: Clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid function. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Mild arteries and veins: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper abdominal organs: Atrophic native kidneys. Calcifications in the liver. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive disease. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the chest tube was in satisfactory position. There is a small persistent known leak with air tracking from the esophagus to the mediastinum (5:357). There is no significant amount of air to suggest necrotizing infection. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of pericardial effusion. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tubes terminate below the diaphragm. Please see separate dictation of the abdomen/pelvis.
This review of existing studies found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bony lesions were found in the thoracic spine. There was no evidence of a difference in the size of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal size and normal thyroid gland volume. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery: Normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. Bilateral breast implants in place.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways have been affected. There are severe calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There was no evidence of a difference between the heart and lungs in terms of blood flow to the lungs, airways or lungs. There were no reports of lung or airway problems. The left fissure in the left upper lobe of the chest wall was slightly enlarged from prior PET when it measured 11 x 8 mm. Mild nodularity along the left lung was noted, decreased compared to 2/5/2021. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema were noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. The lymph nodes were slightly enlarged on prior PET. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels were normal size.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support that the thyroid gland is abnormal. The visualized thyroid gland was unremarkable. There is a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. The right is normal in size. There was no evidence that the left was abnormal. There were no abnormal changes in the thoracic spine. The left lateral chest wall lipoma was not found to be abnormal.
The review of trials found that there was a large amount of secretions in the trachea and that the aortic valve calcifications were very severe. However, the main pulmonary artery had no significant calcification. There was a small amount of expected postoperative subcutaneous emphysema. No pericardial effusion. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. The thyroid gland itself is unremarkable. There are no signs of thyroid gland damage. There were no major complications.
The primary lesion in the right upper lobe is unchanged measuring 5.3 x 2.7 cm in size, abutting the lateral pleura. Scattered nodules at the apices bilaterally measuring up to 5 mm in size are unchanged compared to prior exam. Stable 5 mm nodule at the medial right lung base (series 5, image 385). No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no heart and vessels calcifications. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There were no calcifications of the coronary arteries. The heart is normal in size. There was no aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is normal.
The review of trials found that there is a large left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis, significantly increased compared to CT chest in 2017. Thickening of the mediastinal pleura is also observed, best appreciated on coronal reformats. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. The heart appears normal in size. Severe coronary calcifications are seen. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. A right IJ dialysis catheter terminates in the right atrium. The central airways are patent. There are multiple abdominal varices.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways have been affected. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The left vertebral artery originates from the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of lymph nodes in the thoracic area of the chest. There were no reports of a change in the amount of fluid in the lungs. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes are not uncommon in people of all ages. However, these changes may be due to the presence of calcifications of the arteries and aortas. The review also found that the heart and vessels are normal size and there is no evidence that there are any abnormalities in the thyroid gland or thyroid gland. There is a lack of evidence that thyroid gland growth is abnormal. There are no signs of cancer of the thyroid glands or thyroid glands. The heart and vessel size are normal. The aorta is normal size. No evidence of obstruction of the airway or of the pleural cavity. The right upper lobe of the lung has a prominent upper lobe (pulmonary nodule) and the left upper lobe has a diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen. The left lung is clear. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed. Healed right-sided rib fractures.
The review of trials found that there is a moderate large right pneumothorax with superior, basilar and medial components. There is bronchiectasis throughout the lungs with peripheral cystic changes in the upper lobes. The central airways are patent. The main pulmonary arteries enlarged measuring 3.7 cm, suggestive of pulmonary hypertension, and the ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. The heart is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that lung function was similar to prior to surgery. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis, predominantly in the right upper lobe, similar in appearance to prior. Subpleural reticulations were seen in the left middle lobe, same as prior. No endobronchial lesion or retained secretions. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the artery. Mild coronary artery calcions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence that lung or airway disease is present. However, there is some evidence that there are some abnormalities in the lungs. There is a new cluster of peribronchial groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe (4/239) of the left lung and a second cluster in the dependent left upper lobe of the right lung. Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema is seen. There are mild dependent secretions within the superior trachea. No pleural effusion was seen. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Embolization coils in the upper abdomen are present. The spleen is st enlarged. The thoracic adenopathy was not seen. Multiple left-sided ribs remote healed fractures Partially visualized cervical metallic hardware is present, and there is bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: Lungs/airways/pulmonary nodes: There is no evidence of lung adenopathy. No pleural effusions. There is some evidence that the right upper lobe of the lung is stable and unaffected by the presence of sub-4 mm nodules, but there is a possibility that this is due to the fact that it has a solid component. There are scattered calcified granulomas in the right lower lobe. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there was a small increase in the number of pleural effusions in the upper and lower lobes of the lungs. However, this was due to the presence of a small amount of fluid in the lower lobe of the left lung. This is likely related to the spinal surgery or prior radiotherapy. A new small pleural obstruction has developed in the right lung on the right side of the chest. The previous secretions in the left mainstem bronchus have cleared. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, such as 1 cm left paraaortic lymph node, likely reactive. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Cervicothoracic spinal fixation device, status post surgery.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that lung function is worsening and changes in the distribution of multifocal pulmonary consolidations, some with surrounding ground glass opacification. There is also progression of lower lobe predominant interstitial septal thickening. New trace left pleural effusion is seen. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary calcifications. Hypoattenuation of the blood pool, is compatible with anemia. Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease lesions.
The review of trials found that lung and airway metastases are more likely to be found in the lungs than in the airways. There is a trend towards an increase in the number of people with lung cancer who have their cancer spread to the lungs and airways after radiotherapy. This may be due to the fact that the cancer spread has spread to other parts of the body, such as the heart and vessels. However, there is no evidence that this is due to cancer of the heart or vessels. There are no new lung metastases in the postradiotherapy period. The review also found that there is a decrease in the amount of fluid collected in the right mastectomy bed. There was no evidence of a difference between the two types of cancer. There were no new lymph nodes or thyroid nodes. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. The arteries of the coronary arteries are normal in caliber. The great blood vessels are normal. No pulmonary edema is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are noted. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid glands. There are scattered blebs in the right mainstem bronchus. No evidence of pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The heart and vessels appear normal. The lung and airways appear to be unbroken. There were no signs of obstruction of the lung or the airway. There was no evidence that any of the other parts of the body were affected.
The review of trials found that lung and airway abnormalities were not seen in the majority of patients. There is a small left Bochdalek hernia and adjacent atelectasis in the left lung. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. The heart appears normal in size. There are stable hepatic cysts, measuring up to 2.8 cm in the right hepatic lobe, and no aggressive bone lesions. S-shaped scoliosis is seen within the right breast. The right breast appears to have a round density within the left breast. No aggressive bone abnormalities were seen. No pericardial effusion was seen. The aorta of the heart appears to follow the normal course and caliber of the aortic valve. The airways are patent.
This review of trials found evidence of large airway disease, especially in the lower lobes and subpleural regions. This appears to have progressed since the prior study. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion was observed. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung function was stable, with no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Central airways were clear. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The review also found that the thyroid gland was normal size and normal size of the heart and vessels. The abdominal organs were unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes occurred throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid. The lungs are normal and the airways are clear. The great arteries of the heart and vessels are normal in caliber. There was no evidence of obstruction of the lungs or of the airway. There were no signs that the lungs were affected. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. No evidence of cancer was found in the lymph nodes or in the neck. The bones of the neck and abdomen were normal. The fracture of the sternum was healed. The bone scan of the abdomen and pelvis showed that the bone was normal. No abnormalities were noted in the blood vessels or the heart. The cancer spread to other parts of the body and to the soft tissues. The review concluded that there is not enough evidence to recommend any particular treatment for thyroid cancer.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. The aorta is aneurysmal, measuring up to 4.4 cm. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary arteries are normal in caliber. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were found. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There was no evidence that the aortic artery was blocked.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found that there were no new or enlarging nodules in the upper or lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree. However, there were two additional scattered micronodules that were stable. These were 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule and 8 mm right paratracheal lymph node. No new or worsening nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No pericardial effusion was noted. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower abdomen.
The review of trials found that the lower lobe of the lungs was affected by fibrotic interstitial lung disease, including traction bronchiectasis, subpleural reticulations, architectural distortion and honeycombing. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. The upper lobe was unaffected by this disease. There is evidence that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The visualized thyroid gland has no aggressive bone lesions. The esophagus has a thin layer of fluid, suggestive of gastroesophageal reflux. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.6 cm. The ascending aorta measures 3.7 cm. No coronary artery calcifications. The heart and vessels are again mildly enlarged. Small pericardial effusion redemonstrated. A small amount of fluid is seen tracking along the fissures of the aortic artery. No evidence of pulmonary hypertension was found. The thyroid gland does not appear to be aggressive. The hepatic dome is too small to describe.
This review found that thyroid nodules have increased in size and density, now measuring 1.5 cm, previously up to 1.0 cm (4:133). There is no solid component on mediastinal windows. Additional scattered nodules are stable (for example right lower lobe 4:339 and left upper lobe 4.108). Status post left lower lobe sleeve resection with scarring in the left lower and lingula. Underlying severe centrilobular emphysema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Precarinal node measures 1.3 cm, similar to prior exam. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Status post prior aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcifications in both breasts. Coronary artery calcifications.
The review of trials found that lung function is normal. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Scarring in the medial segment of the right lower lobe. Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Stable scattered perifissural nodules which likely represent benign lymph nodes (3:229 and 258). No new nor new enlargement of nodules. Heart and vessels: Left atrial enlargement. No lung effusion. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcifications. Upper abdominal wall: Colonic diverticulosis. No aggressive bone lesions. Older healed right fifth rib fracture. Small hiatus hernia. Hepatic hypodensities too small to characterize. Punctate left renal calculus.
The review of trials found that there is a persistent 4.9 x 3.0 x 6.4 cm (AP by TV by CC) right medial lower lobe mass-like consolidation, which is likely unchanged in size given differences in technique compared to study from August 2021. There is a small coarse calcification within the mass which abuts the esophagus. Paraseptal and centrilobular emphysematous changes are noted. The central airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. No pleural effusion. There was no definite hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy, although evaluation is limited by lack of intravenous contrast. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. Upper and lower abdomen: There is an enlarged left lymph node (series 5, image 30). Heart and Vessels: the heart appears to be normal. Severe coronary artery calcifications are uncommon. No pericardial effusion is noted.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction are noted (for example right lower lobe 5:289 and left lower lobe (5:74). No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules were stable and no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were observed. However, there was a large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea and a thin-walled cyst in the right lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with COPD. The evidence is current to May 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. An 8 mm nodule is noted in the lingula (3:257). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial and left ventricular enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral annular calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Rib Cage &amp; Sternum: No acute osseous injury. Old healed seventh and eighth right lateral rib fractures. Thoracic Spine: No serious injury to the spine. Soft tissues: Bilateral breast calcification. Biopsy clip in the left breast.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway calcification in the right lower lobe of the chest is growing larger and more stable, but remains stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease is observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the upper breast. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Dense mitral annular calcification. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Punctate calcification of the right breast.
This review of the literature found no evidence that any of the tracheobronchial tree or the pleura were affected. The tracheocephalic tree is patent. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No evidence of obstruction of the lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thymic tissue in the anterior mediastinum is heterogeneous. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. No thyroid adenopathy.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway swelling and thickening of mucus plugging were common side effects in patients with COPD. However, there was no evidence that this was due to the presence of pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The right upper lobe of the chest wall was slightly larger than the left upper lobe before the disease was diagnosed. The left lower lobe was slightly smaller than the right lower lobe. No new or enlarging nodes were found. No pericardial effusion was reported. The aorta of the heart was 34 mm longer than the aortic aortus and the right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be under-estimated. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is a small hiatal hernia. There are moderate coronary calcifications. The heart appears normal in size. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm in diameter. The main pulmonary artery measures 3.4 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the right atrium. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. There was a trace right pleural effusion, but this is unlikely to be clinically relevant. The included portion of thyroid gland was unremarkable, and there is no evidence of thyroid adenopathy. There were no major complications. The kidney scarring is bilateral.
The review of trials found that the right breast mass now measures up to 2.5 x 2.0 cm (5:284) and the right upper lobe 8 mm larger than on the April examination. The right breast is still too small to be clinically relevant. The left breast mass is too large to be relevant. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The thyroid gland is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aortic valve calcifications have not been found to be abnormal. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and normal in shape. There is no evidence that the heart or vessels are affected by cancer of the aorta. No evidence that there is any evidence of cancer in the lungs or the airways.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes were stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The thyroid gland was normal size and normal thyroid gland volume. The aorta was normal in size and volume. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were seen in the left lower lobe of the heart and the left aortic valve. These calcifications were associated with a normal course and caliber of the aortal artery. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of patients with aortitis in the upper and lower limbs.
The review of trials found that lung function was normal and that there was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there was some evidence of scarring in the upper and lower lobe of the bronchus. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland was normal in size. The aorta and vessels were normal. No evidence of pericardial effusion. The upper abdominal wall was not affected.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities were observed. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels appear normal. The aorta measures 40 mm. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
The review of trials found that the thyroid is enlarged, but no new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been identified. The thyroid is normal in size. The heart and vessels appear normal. The airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy has been identified by CT size criteria. The right chest wall port tip terminates in the SVC. Findings below the diaphragm are dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic metastases in the thoracic spine appears similar distribution. No new or worsening of the cancer have been found.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules are still present but no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been identified. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was a small decrease in the size of the nodule in the left lower lobe described in the prior study, but this was not clinically significant. The aortic valve replacement procedure was similar to the one described in this review. There were no major problems with the procedure. The narrowing of the aorta (a narrowing in the heart) was similar in the two studies, but there were differences in the technique used. There is no evidence of a difference in the number of patients who have a normal heart and blood vessels. There are no major complications associated with this treatment. No aggressive bony lesions have been reported. There has been a small reduction in the volume of blood in the liver, but the largest of which is a simple cyst. No major complications have been documented. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high.
The review of trials found that there is a lot of variation in the type of thyroid scarring and the number of patients with thyroid disease. There is also some variation between the thyroid and the other parts of the body. There are also some differences between the heart and vessels. The review also found that the thyroid is not always the same in all patients. The thyroid may be affected by a variety of factors. There was some evidence that the aortic and coronary artery calcifications were more common in patients who had a prior cholecystectomy. There were also some problems with the lungs and airways, but there was no evidence that they were affected by the thyroid disease itself. However, there is some evidence to suggest that there may be some abnormalities in the thyroid gland.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. Severe coronary arterial calcifications are present. There is a trace pericardial effusion. No acute fracture was identified within limitations of bone demineralization. No aggressive lesion was identified. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a punctate splenic calcification that is nonspecific and a left renal cyst. The aorta is extensively atherosclerotic. No axillary or mediastinal/hilar lymphadenopathy within the limitations of this noncontrast exam. The right lower lobe that is lobulated appears to communicate with an airway, suggestive of mucoid impaction. No airway obstruction or pneumothorax was observed. No hematoma identified. L2 compression deformity is stable from prior. Stable lucency through the right L2 transverse process, which could represent a nutrient channel versus a nondisplaced fracture, could be due to the presence of nutrients. Evaluation of the pelvis is limited due to streak artifact from extremely dense intraluminal contents. Air within the bladder may be due in part to instrumentation, clinical correlation recommended.
The review authors searched the medical literature to identify all published and unpublished medical articles up to July 2013. They found that there is a lot of fluid in the chest after left pneumonectomy. There is no evidence that the lungs have been filled with air. There are some indications that the chest may be filled with fluid from the lungs, but there is not enough evidence to know if this is a problem. There may be some evidence that there are some excess fluid in there, but the evidence is not strong enough to be sure. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a few scattered hepatic hypodensities that are too small to be able to describe and left renal cortical scarring. The review authors found that the left lung is still full of fluid, and there is some evidence to suggest that this may be a problem, but more research is needed to be certain.
This review found that the left lower lobe volume loss with consolidation containing air bronchogram appears overall mildly improved in comparison to the 9/29/2021 CT examination. Consolidations involving the right lower lobe and right upper lobe have improved, however there are residual persistent groundglass and nodular opacities. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with mild height loss of several vertebral bodies appears unchanged. No new acute osseous abnormality has been observed. No significant pericardial effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The central airways are patent. Enteric catheter seen terminating in the proximal duodenum. No acute abnormality of the visualized upper abdomen. Unchanged mild gynecomastia, again more prominent on the right, remains a problem.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence of narrowing of the airways in the left lung. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs. There appears to be some evidence that the lungs may be clogged, but there is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the cause of this narrowing. The heart size is enlarged status post median sternotomy and CABG. There are two left chest tubes and a mediastinal drain. The central airways are patent. There was no evidence that there was any obstruction in the upper airways. The upper abdomen and pelvis were examined separately. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. There were no reports of any serious complications.
The review of trials found that a left chest tube is in stable position. There is mild centrilobular emphysema, unchanged. The heart size is normal status post median sternotomy and CABG. The spleen is enlarged, measuring 15.3 cm in length. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There was no pericardial effusion. There were no pleural effusions. No axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy was identified. The quality of life of the patient is normal.
This review of trials found that the patient is again noted to be status post wedge resection in the left lower lobe of the chest. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The central airways are patent. The heart size is normal. The patient has no new pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. The liver is unchanged. Upper abdomen: a right hepatic lobe cyst is unchanged and there is no pericardial effusion, but there is a new right upper lobe nodule, which has resolved. Bones and soft tissue: no aggressive oesophageal lesion is identified.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with pancreatic cancer who had a normal lung or airway and were followed up for at least six months. The review authors found that: Lungs/airways/pleura: There are a few small but scattered bilateral pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm in the right middle and left lower lobes. Mild dependent atelectasis bilaterally. No pleural effusions. There is a left-sided aortic arch with conventional arch anatomy. The thyroid gland is normal. Heart and vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The trachea is midline and patent. No pneumothorax. No pulmonary consolidation. No obstructive pulmonary syndrome (PPS). There is mild to moderate atherosclerosis of the heart vessels and the aorta. Bones and soft tissues: There is some evidence that there is a sclerotic focus in the posterior right eighth rib on image 327, series 5, measuring 1268 Hounsfield units, likely a bone island. No suspicious lytic or blastic osseous lesion. No lymph nodes: Prominent 0.6 cm periportal nodes in the left mesenteric region (series 302, image 206). Bone and soft tissue: 1.5 cm mixed lucent/sclerotic lesion in left ilium (series 405). Multilevel degenerative disease of the lumbar spine with intervertebral disc space narrowing, anterior osteophytes at L5-S1, vacuum phenomenon, and Schmorl's nodes (series 151). There are facet hypertrophic changes in the lower spine. Liver: Multiple hepatic metastases, the largest measuring 7.0 cm in the hepatic dome, hepatic segment 7/8, and the caudate lobe, measuring 15 cm in both the left and right hep
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of increased risk of narrowing of the chest or of obstruction of the airway. The heart size is normal. There is no increased reticulation or architectural distortion. No significant air trapping is seen. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle is low, compatible with known anemia. The visualized portion demonstrates decreased attenuation since 10/12/2021, consistent with expected evolution. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive lesion is identified. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
The review of trials found that the heart is stably enlarged. There is no pericardial effusion. No aggressive angina is identified. The heart size is stable. There was no evidence of any lymphadenopathy. The upper abdomen and pelvis were examined under separate accession numbers. There were no indications of obstruction of the lungs. The bones and soft tissue were examined separately. No evidence of obstruction was found. The quality of the evidence was graded as moderate to high.
The review of trials found that there is a significant increase in right supraclavicular adenopathy, partially visualized, with new mass effect on the right thyroid lobe. However, there is also a significant decrease in the size of the superior mediastinal nodes. The left brachiocephalic vein remains intact, although the confluence between the left bracheal vein and SVC remains is severely narrowed. The right hysteric node has also decreased, as has the left hilar adenopathic node. There is also an increase in left axillary node size, but this is not significant. The heart size is normal. A small pericardial effusion is unchanged. Upper abdomen: Limited visualized portions of the upper abdomen are unremarkable. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that there is no new lung cancer. There is a 3 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe of the chest that has been there since 2014 and is probably benign. The heart size is normal. The aneurysm of the ascending thoracic aorta, measuring 4.4 cm at the level of the right main pulmonary artery, previously 4.2 cm, is still there. There was no new pulmonary nodule. The pericardial effusion is not abnormal. There are no aggressive osseous lesions. The abdomen and pelvis were examined separately under a separate accession number. Again noted are old left lateral rib fractures. Bones and soft tissue were also noted. No aggressive oesophageal lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that lung function is normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Large hiatal hernia which contains the majority of the stomach. Multiple healed right posterior rib fractures. Coarse calcifications throughout the breasts.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: Chest port tip terminates within the superior cavoatrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No consolidations. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or worsening of the disease. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. The aortic valve and the left chest port with catheter tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: See separate CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes in the spine are observed.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the theory that the thyroid gland is involved in this condition. However, thyroid gland tissue surrounding the lungs and airways is scarred and may be involved in bronchiectasis. There is some evidence that it may be affected by the presence of mucoid impaction. The review also found no evidence that there are any aggressive bone lesions in the thyroid glands. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size.
This review found that the right lower lobe lung nodule is stable. Other scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules are also stable, for example in the left lower lobe on image 273 of series 5. There is no aggressive osseous lesion seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was a small decrease in the number of pleural effusions in the lower lobes of the lungs. The aorta of the heart was normal size. No pericardial effusion was observed. No pneumothorax was reported. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid glands. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aortas are clear. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorts are not seen. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm is not affected. The thoracic spine is normal. No abnormal changes have been observed.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidations. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid tissue: No abnormal growths.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. This updated version has been re-published in 2013.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/pulmonary arteries/pleural effusions are worsening. There is worsening of the left main pulmonary artery, with preserved distal flow. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Moderate pericardial effusion is again seen. There are mild coronary calcifications. The esophagus is patulous. The right lower lobe pulmonary artery embolus is unchanged from the most recent CT. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are unchanged enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes, including 4.3 x 3.0 cm infrahilar adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: there are worsening extensive sclerotic metastasis involving the thoracic spine, sternum, and bilateral ribs.
The review of trials found no evidence that any of these organs were affected by the disease. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance were observed in the right lung. Mild arterial calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the thoracic spine. The heart and vessels were normal size. The right lung was normal size and the left lung was patent. The thyroid gland did not show any signs of enlargement. The upper abdominal organs were unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes were observed throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence to support for the use of aortic valve calcification. However, there is evidence of extensive coronary artery calcification with diffuse thickening of the LV myocardium and LV apical aneurysm again noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Subcentimeter skin nodules are again noted in the right lower chest wall. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen or Pelvis CT report. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the left thyroid gland may have been damaged. There is also some evidence of scarring in the right thyroid gland. There are no signs of cancer of the lungs or the airways. The heart appears to be enlarged and there is a small pericardial effusion. The distal esophagus is fluid-filled, the mid and upper stomach are collapsed with possible mild esophageal wall thickening. No aggressive bone lesions are seen.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. The lungs are clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerosis. Upper Abdomen: The bilateral native kidneys are shrunken and atrophied.. Right adrenal calcium is likely from remote inflammatory or hemorrhagic process. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung function has improved significantly since prior examination of October 26. The fluid component of fluid in the lungs has decreased since prior. The right-sided chest tube terminates in the right apex just inside the pleural space. No pericardial effusion has also decreased. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Milder right hydropneumothorax.
The review of trials found that lung function is stable, but there is some evidence that some parts of the lungs may be affected. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. However, there is evidence that thyroid gland enlargement may be a problem. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules outside the radiation field have been found. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The aorta of the aortic valve is normal. There are no signs of obstruction of the airways or of obstruction in the pleural cavity. No signs of cancer have been identified.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable and the bone lesions in the abdomen are not aggressive. No aggressive bone lesions.
This review found that the right upper lobe of the right lung has slightly increased, previously 1.1 cm, and again demonstrates additional adjacent nodules. Additional scattered sub-5 mm lung nodules are stable, for example a 5 mm nodule in the right lower lobe (image 324, series 3) and a 4 mm nodulet in the left lower lobe. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. Mild disease is present. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that there were no major problems with the lungs or airways, but there were a few small pockets of blood in the lung and in the airway. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The heart and vessels of the thoracic aorta were normal size, and the pulmonary artery was normal size. There were no signs of cancer in the lymph nodes or thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The review also found no evidence of any serious side effects.
This review of trials found that the heart is enlarged. There has been an increase in the development of mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions. A small pericardial effusion has also increased. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. There is increased extensive mediastinal lymphadenopathy, for example a 2.3 cm prevascular node was found. New left left supraclavicular (liver) lymphadenopathies are seen. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Hepatic calcifications were again partially visualized.
The review of trials found that the right lung was stable and the left lung was still stable. The right lung did not expand or contract during the study period. The left lung had a small amount of bronchiectasis (bronchiolitis bronchitis) and the aortic aorta was normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The heart and vessels were normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The upper abdominal organs were unremarkable.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference in lung function between patients with and without pleural effusion. There was some evidence that the left breast glandular tissue was growing in prominence, and overlying skin thickening. However, there were no aggressive bone lesions. There were no signs of adenopathy of the heart or vessels.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Pulmonary nodules including a 7 mm right middle lobe nodule in series 5 image 202 are unchanged compared to the prior study and stable going back to studies from July 2021. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are normal size. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodule. No pericardial effusion. Normal placements of the lungs/airways/Pleura: No more or fewer lung nodules in the lingula. Stable platelike atelectasis in the tongue. No more than one new lung nodule is seen. Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive disease. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild emphysema and mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening are noted. There is no aggressive osseous lesion.
The review of trials found that lung and airway wall thickening and lower lobe bronchiectasis consistent with airways disease are associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The review also found that heart and vessel calcifications were uncommon.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. The left of the gastric conduit in series 4 image 219 is unchanged.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of a lung cancer. Mild peripheral reticulations in both lungs have slightly increased. Paraaortic/paravertebral lymphadenopathy has increased. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive oesophageal cancer has been identified.
This is an update of the original review published in 2007. The review now includes two new reports. The original review found that there is no new evidence of a new lung cancer. There is mild interstitial edema with background centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. A small left pleural effusion has decreased. Adjacent atelectasis is noted in the left lower lobe. Prominent mediastinal lymph nodes are stable. The heart is enlarged. Sclerotic foci scattered throughout the ribs and spine are stable, presumably metastases. The patient is status post left breast reconstruction. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review found that lung and airway nodules were similar in size and distribution compared to the prior study from August 2021. There is increasing groundglass and linear scarring in the right upper lobe of the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the lung.
The review of trials found that lung and airway disease was not associated with any new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The kidneys were not affected. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine were noted. Evaluation of the abdominal organs was limited by low dose technique.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence to support for the presence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Fat necrosis is again noted in the anterior upper abdomen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: No new lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the lung. No new pulmonary nodules or lung effusion. No lung cancer. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes in the spine: No aggressive disease. Normal changes in bone structure: No abnormal bone growth. No cancer of the lymph nodes.
The review of trials found that there are a number of different types of lung and airway changes. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Confluent centrilobular and moderate paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Common signs of small airways disease including cluster branching nodules including in the right upper lobe in series 3 image 227 for example. The 1.3 cm groundglass nodule in the superior segment left lower lobe measures image 153 is unchanged going back to studies from July 2020 but has slowly increased in size from 6 mm in May 2006. Other Scattered pulmonary nodules measuring 4 mm or less are unchanged compared to prior studies including a 4 mm left upper lobe nodule image 190. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal thyroid gland. The pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper abdominal organs: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
The review of trials found that lung function is normal and the airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusions have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic mild calcifications including aortical valve leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable left thyroid lobe 2.3 cm nodule.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal lung function, but there was some evidence that some parts of the body may have been affected. The review also found that there was no evidence that there were any abnormalities in the heart or vessels.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. However, the aortic valve calcification was reported separately. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is no evidence of thyroid gland enlargement. The aorta is slightly dilated (32 mm) and the coronary artery, the main pulmonary artery and the valve calcifications have not been reported. The right shoulder has a calcification of the right shoulder wall. The left major fissure has a benign and parenchymal lymph node, probably benign and probably not aggressive.
This review of trials found that the heart is globally enlarged. The lung apices are excluded from the field-of-view. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left upper lobe tree-in-bud nodules are seen on series 6, image 141 and are likely infectious/inflammatory. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. Heart and vessels: The heart is worldwide enlarged. Status post CABG. No heart and vessel effusion. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are some small lung nodules in the right middle lobe of the lung, but these are stable. There is also some evidence of a 6 mm nodule in the left lateral chest wall, but this is stable.
The review of trials found that the heart and vessels appear to be normal in size and that there is no evidence of obstruction of the aorta. However, there is a small hernia in the left lower lobe of the esophagus, which may be related to the presence of a thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is a thin band of atelectasis in the medial segment of the middle lobe. The airways are patent. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets are suspected in the lateral segmental branch of the right lower lobe pulmonary artery. No pericardial effusion is reported. No pleural effusions are noted. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported.
This review of the literature found no evidence of abnormal lung function. However, there is some evidence of an increase in bronchiectasis in the subpleural left upper lobe and lingula. This is an indication that the cancer may be spreading to the lungs. No abnormal lymph nodes have been found. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The thyroid gland is normal in size. The aorta is normal. The left axillary node has decreased and now measure up to 1 cm. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No evidence of cancerous growths in the lungs or airways has been identified.
This review shows that the right lower lobe lung nodule is stable. Mild bronchiectasis with mucous plugging is again noted in the lingula. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Superior endplate compression deformity of L1 vertebral body is unchanged.
The review of trials found that lung and airway abnormalities were uncommon. However, there were signs of large changes in the shape of the lungs and in the structure of the aortic valve. There was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels were normal size and normal in shape. The thyroid gland was normal size. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland or thyroid gland. The aorta of the heart was normal in size. The right upper lobe of the lung had a 1.9 cm nodule in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 144. There is also a new 5 mm left lower lobe nodule (250.5 mm) in image 250. Other scattered pulmonary nodules are unchanged compared to study from November 2017 including a 3 mm (264.3 mm) right upper limb nodule. No pleural or airway effusion. Central airways are clear. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were not seen. Calcifications were seen in both the coronary artery and the aneurysm. No aggressive bone abnormalities were seen. The upper abdominal organs were unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine were observed.
The review of trials found that there is a trend towards a decrease in the size of the central tracheobronchial tree in the left upper lobe of the lung. This is due to the presence of a spiculated nodule in the upper lobe and a thinning of the bronchial wall. However, there is no evidence that this is the cause of the narrowing of the airway. There is also no evidence to suggest that the aortic artery is narrowing. The left 10th rib appears to be stable. The aorta is normal in course and caliber. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. The lymph nodes of the left lower lobe have decreased in size. Subcarinal nodes measure up to 1 cm as on prior exam. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Coronary artery calcifications. Aortic calcifications are normal.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that some parts of the thoracic spine may have been affected by age-related degenerative changes. However, these findings are based on only a small number of studies. The review also found no evidence that there are any aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of bronchodilators for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. However, there is some evidence that bronchial wall thickening may be associated with bronchitis.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thyroid glands. No pericardial effusion was reported. Thyroid gland growth is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are normal. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
The review of trials found that lung function has improved since surgery to replace the aortic valve. However, there is still a considerable amount of fluid surrounding the repair, likely postoperative. Nodular pleural thickening in both lobes, as been present since at least 2017. Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea extending into the right lower lobe branches. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that fibrotic lung disease in the lower lobe of the chest is stable, with no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No pericardial effusion is noted. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild consolidation of the aortic valve leaflets is also noted. Mild coronary calcifications are noted. No aggressive bone lesions are reported. Stable left lateral chest wall intramuscular lipoma.
This review found that the left upper lobe mass now measures 4.4 x 1.2 cm and the left aspect of the pericardium is stable. These portions of the mass have retracted from contact with the left major fissure but maintain continuity with the anterior pleural surfaces (the left aspect) and the right aspect (the inferior aspect). The left inferior lingula nodule now measures 1.7 x 0.8 cm and has retracted from the adjacent pleural surface. The right upper lobe 1.9 cm spiculated groundglass nodule with 7 mm solid component is unchanged (allowing for differences in measurement). A 1.1 cm left apical nodule is stable (5:66) and a 1.6 cm groundglass opacity has resolved. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are similar to prior. Small left pleural effusion has resolved, similar to previous. Mediastinum and left hilar adenopathy remains inseparable from the mass. No definite CT correlate was noted on June 2021 PET/CT.
The review of trials found no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of lung function. However, there was a small cluster of micronodules in the right upper lobe (3:199) which may represent small airways disease. Stable lymph node adjacent to the right minor fissure since 2007 consistent with benign etiology. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Scarring at the lung bases. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads terminate in the left atrium and right ventricle. Heart is normal in size. Status post mitral and tricuspid valve repairs. Ascending aorta measures 38 mm. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged right renal cyst. Left renal hypodensities too small to characterize. Calcified granulomata in the spleen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires. T8 vertebral body hemangioma. No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This review shows that the right lung is stable. There is no new or enlarging lung nodule. The right chest port terminates in the right atrium. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There were no major complications.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. The upper abdominal cavity is clear. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected by thyroid cancer. The heart and vessels are normal. The aortic artery is mildly dilated (33 mm). Severe coronary artery calcifications are not seen. No calcifications of the ascending aorta are seen. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No pneumothorax is noted. No thyroid adenopathy has been observed. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were stable and that the thyroid gland was normal size. There was a small but stable atelectasis of the right middle lobe of the lung which likely contains primary mass. There is a small right-sided pleural effusion but no pneumothorax. No new mediastinal adenopathy. Pulmonary artery is normal size and there is a normal course and caliber of the aorta. The thyroid gland is normal. There were no new lymph nodes or thyroid gland lesions. There are increasing sclerosis and several rib lesions including a right eighth rib lesion which may represent treatment change. The T12 vertebral body is stable. Stable bony lesions in T10 and T11 vertebral bodies.
The review of trials found that lung and airway scarring and/or atelectasis were common side effects of radiotherapy. However, these were mostly confined to the right lung. The left lung was scarred in the upper and lower lobes from radiotherapy, and the right breast was also scarred. The right lung wall was thickened. No new or enlarging nodules were seen. The thyroid gland was not affected. The heart and vessels of the heart and vessel were affected. There was no evidence of a difference between the thyroid gland and the heart or vessels in terms of size, volume, or function. The liver was affected by granulomata in the liver. The aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair did not result in any new or worsening of the disease. The neck and shoulder were affected by changes of the spine and right shoulder. No changes in the thoracic adenopathy were noted.
The review of trials found that lung and airway calcifications were unchanged compared to the prior study and only slightly increased in size going back to studies from May 2009. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Large hiatal hernia containing the majority of the stomach. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aortas are rare and are confined to the heart. Calcific effusions of the mitral valve are uncommon. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes in the spine are observed.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left lower lobe of the thyroid. A subcentimeter right thyroid nodule is stable and a sclerotic lesion in the right lateral fifth rib is stable. A hemangioma is again noted in T10 vertebral body. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT scan.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are a few small lung nodules in the left upper lobe of the lung, but these are stable and do not appear to be aggressive.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is evidence that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the left lung. There is no aggressive angina or angina-like symptoms. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
The review of trials found that there are a number of small but stable sub-4 mm lung nodules in the right upper lobe of the lung. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. Mild subtle groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe are nonspecific and may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology. There is a small hiatal hernia. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with acute myocardial infarction who had undergone cholecystectomy to remove the aortic valve. The review authors found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 198. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis, is an enlarged right lymph node. There is no aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Upper abdominal wall: Status post surgery. No aggressive bones lesions. There was no pericardial effusion, and no aggressive tissue lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid function. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of consolidation of the lung or the airways. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm which can be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. There are no abnormalities in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal size and normal in shape. There is no abnormal swelling of the lymph nodes. No abnormal swelling in the lungs or in the aorta. The airways are clear. No evidence of obstruction of the airway or of a narrowing of the lungs. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. No pericardial effusion is seen. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm is clear.
The review of trials found that there are a few small tree-in-bud nodular opacities in the left apex, right middle lobe, and right upper lobe of the chest. Some of these appear larger from; for example right apical nodularity (series 2, image 78). There is a trace right pleural effusion with overlying subsegmental atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the right breast. In the superior medial right chest, there is a simple appearing fluid collection without peripheral enhancement which measures 10 x 2 cm transversely x 7 cm craniocaudally. Mild hyperdensity along the cutaneous surface of the reconstructed right chest could represent evolving blood products, however there is no organized hematoma. There appears to be nonorganized edema along the chest wall. Mild blood loss from the right chest is not abnormal.
The review of trials found that lung function and airway function were normal. No evidence of obstruction of the lungs or of the airways was found. No abnormal growths were found. Severe coronary arterial calcifications and/or stents were noted. Flowing anterior endplate osteophytes without loss of intervertebral disc heights is suggestive of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
The review of trials found that there are a few small thyroid nodules in the lung, but they are generally not aggressive. Mild paraseptal emphysema is noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a recent Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review of trials found that there is a large amount of secretions/debris throughout the trachea, left mainstem bronchus and left lower lobe of the bronchi. Mild atelectasis is also noted in the lingula. There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. There was a 1.8 cm pre-pulmonary lymph node (an enlarged lymph node) with multiple cysts. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This review found no evidence of pulmonary consolidation, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. New trace left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. A small hernia is noted in the abdomen.
The review of trials found no evidence of aortic aneurysm/pseudoaneurysm, dissection or rupture of the aorta, although there is a small tubular outpouching along the right anterolateral pleural space, which may represent scarring along the course of the prior pneumothorax. The left kidney shows normal enhancement in its inferior pole and a slightly higher density ovoid 1.2 cm structure which may be a small clot. The pancreatic duct stent has been placed since 10/10/2021. No other fractures were found within the thoracic spine or in the rib cage of the abdomen. There is a low to intermediate density right pleural effusion, without pleural enhancement. A small amount of fluid is present along the superior aspect of left adrenal gland, possibly tracking from the pancreatic tail. The uncinate process appears to enhance normally. No evidence of recurrent aneuriesm or rupture was seen on either of the two major vessels. There was a small but not large amount of anterior fluid collection along the route of the mediastinal drain, as well as several small foci of air along the drain's course. There were no significant differences in the number of patients who had a pericardial effusion. Lungs: Interval improvement in the previously seen pulmonary contusions, with some small residual there is likely scarring (e.g. image 123 series 5 on the right). No visible posttraumatic pneumatoceles. The right supradiaphragmatic region appears smaller, possibly due to another resolving pulmonary contusion or improving pneumonia. The body and tail are well-defined and homogeneously enhancing. The liver and biliary tree: No focal hepatic abnormality. Mild central hepatic ductal dilatation. The CBD is difficult to differentiate from surrounding tissues. Gallbladder: Unremarkable. Spleen: Surg
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with early-stage cervical spine cancer. The review authors found no evidence of aggressive bone lesions in the neck, except for a possible small anterior cortical erosion in the right mandible, although this may also represent prominent mental foramen. No evidence of periodontal abscess was found in this region. The cervical spine appears normal in size. There is a sub-2 mm nodule in the left lower lobe (4:297 mm) of the aorta (the largest in the world) and the airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion was found.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating hepatic lesions which are too small to characterize on chest CT. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes in the spine are observed. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size.
The review of trials found that there are multiple new and enlarging pulmonary nodules, for instance a new lingular nodule (1.1 x 1.1 cm) adjacent to the suture line (5/236) which is stable from prior. There is mild centrilobular emphysema. Mild dependent secretions are seen within the proximal trachea. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable enlarged right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable mediastinal lymph nodes, for example a 7 mm subaortic lymph node (a part of the thyroid) measuring 1/173 cm, no new adenopathies have been identified. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Calcifications of the aortic valve are demonstrated. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery are shown. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Ill-defined sclerosis in the mid sternum, correlates with previous FDG avidity in that region. There were multiple hyperdense foci within bilateral breasts, compatible with calcification.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways are affected. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema is reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of patients with cancer of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal size and healthy. The left thyroid gland has a calcification and possible areas of necrosis. The right thyroid gland also has calcification, but this is not thought to be an indication of cancer. There were no reports of an increased number of cases of cancerous growths in the lymph nodes. The heart and arteries are normal size. The lungs are normal and the pulmonary arteries are enlarged. The kidneys are normal. The pelvis is normal and no aggressive bone growths have been noted. The upper and lower abdomen and pelvis were examined on the same day. Ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the thoracic aorta is normal size. The soft tissue nodularity along the mediastinal border in the right middle lobe has decreased compared to the prior study, measuring up to 1.3 cm in series 5 image 314, previously measuring 3.1 cm at this level. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. Moderate bilateral pleural effusions are clear. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. Normal course and caliber of the aortas are normal. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortus have been observed in the coronary artery and the heart. Normal thyroid gland is normal. Normal heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal in size. Upper abdominal wall thickening, similar to prior studies, no new or worsening lymph nodes. The left chest port with catheter tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report.
This review of clinical trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in this patient. However, there is a small hernia in the left upper lobe of the left lung. The patient is status post thyroid surgery. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate abdominal CT report.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal size and healthy. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion has been reported in this review. The lung and airways are clear. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected.
This review found that there is a new small left pleural effusion with a loculation in the left fissure. The patient is status post sternotomy. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No pleural effusions were observed. The heart appears normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Stable trace pericardial fluid, likely physiological, is noted. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions were observed, but the thyroid gland appears to be normal. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the lungs or airways or of lymphadenopathy of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. There was no evidence that the thyroid glands were affected by cancer. The heart and vessels appear normal. There were no abnormalities of the aorta or pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The right upper lobe of the heart had a calcified granuloma. The left upper lobe had a subcutaneous calcified nodule. No abnormal lymph nodes were reported. No cancerous growths were noted in the left lung or in the airways. No pleural effusions were observed. There is no evidence to support the use of aortic bypass in patients with thyroid cancer.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of angioplasty in people with coronary artery disease. However, there is some evidence that angiography can show that there are a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the right lung. No aggressive angiographic lesions have been identified.
This review found that the right kidney collecting system remains intact and the heart is not enlarged. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in caliber. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Mucosal and/or luminal hyperdensity is seen in the fourth portion of the duodenum. The patient is again status post left radical nephrectomy, renal but partially visualized.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that there are some pleural effusions in the right lung but no evidence that they are associated with pulmonary edema. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or aggressive oesophageal cancer.
The review of trials found that the left thyroid lobe is surgically absent. The right thyroid lobe appears to be larger and more prominent. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria was found. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. No pleural effusions were noted.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung or airway lesions. No new or worsening of existing lung disease. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. Stable mild dilatation of descending aorta at 4.1 cm. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and stents. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are no abnormal calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. There is no evidence of obstruction of the airways or of the lungs. There was no evidence that the lungs were affected. There were no signs of obstruction in the upper airways. The heart and vessels were normal.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, there is evidence that it may be affected by lymphadenopathy. The thyroid gland may be involved in the formation of lymph nodes in the upper and lower chambers of the heart. This may be due to damage to the thyroid glands caused by the thyroid hormone thyroid stimulating hormone (thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) 2). There is no evidence that this affects the function of the lungs or the airways. There is some evidence that the aortic aorta may be damaged, but this is not thought to be a major problem. There may be problems with the way that the lymph nodes are situated in the heart and in the lungs, but these are unlikely to be major problems. There appears to be little or no difference between the thyroid and the other parts of the body.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical material in the right breast again noted. The previous thymic hyperplasia is not appreciated on current study.
This review of the literature found that the heart and lungs appear to be normal in size. However, there is some evidence of atelectasis in the middle lobe of the lungs and in the inferior lingula of the left ventricular lobe. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion was observed. The heart appears to be of normal size. The aorta is normal in shape. Moderate coronary calcifications were not observed. Asymmetrically prominent right breast fibroglandular parenchyma was noted.
The review of trials found that the upper lobe of the lungs was stable and the left upper lobe was also stable with mild traction bronchiectasis. The right lower lobe had a new 3.5 mm nodule (5/256) that was new from prior. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No pleural effusions were noted. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The aortic valve was not affected. Mild calcification was noted in the aorta and the coronary artery. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of life of the patients was reported separately.
This review of the literature found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction, but there were a few small nodules in the lung. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland has been affected. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Postoperative changes of the right breast have been noted.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on lung, airway, heart, and vessels. The review shows that radiotherapy does not seem to have any effect on lung function. However, radiotherapy may have an effect on the size of the aorta (a blood vessel that carries blood to the lungs) and aortic valve (the vessels supplying oxygen to the heart and lungs). The review also shows that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is no evidence of a difference in the number of patients who have a pleural effusion or a pneumothorax (diffusion of air from the lungs into the chest). The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed in the thoracic spine. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine have not been observed.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes were similar to those seen in the prior study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The size of the pulmonary artery was within normal limits. The aorta was normal and the aortic valve was normal. The thyroid gland did not show any signs of enlargement. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The thoracic nerve was not affected. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm appeared to be thickening. The lower abdominal wall did not change in any significant way. The number of broken bones in the lower abdomen was similar to the previous study. Multiple healed bilateral rib fractures were found in the first study. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review of the literature found no evidence that the thyroid gland was involved in the formation of lung mass or abnormal growths. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. The heart appears to have a normal course and caliber of the aorta. There was no evidence of abnormal growth in the lungs. The airways are patent. There were no signs of consolidation of the airways or of a lung mass in the upper airway. Mild coronary calcifications were seen in the heart and vessels. The bone marrow density of the bone marrow was diffusely seen in parts of the thoracic cage. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the left lung is still expanding and the right lung is not expanding as much as it did prior to surgery. The left lung does not have the same volume of air as the right. There is a slight decrease in the amount of air in the left side of the lung. There are no new lung nodules. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of abnormal growth of blood vessels. The right-sided pleural effusion is decreasing. No evidence of pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No new aggressive bony lesions. Bilateral breast implants in place. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Post surgical changes of the thoracic spine with calcifications in the back soft tissues. Mildly calcified calcification of the aortic annulus and the heart and vessel calcifications.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The right thyroid lobe is surgically absent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Status post right breast surgery.
The review of trials found that the right hemidiaphragm was elevated in the right base of the thoracic spine. There was no evidence of abnormal growth of new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There were no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels were normal size. The aorta was normal size and the coronary arteries were normal. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower abdomen. The review found that there were no abnormal growths of thyroid glands or lymph nodes in the upper abdominal cavity.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be secretions within the trachea and mainstem bronchi. There is also some evidence of loss of volume in the right upper lobe of the right lung. The heart appears normal in size. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No pericardial effusion is noted. The right major fissure is located at the base of the aorta. There was no evidence of pulmonary edema. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The findings of this review are consistent with pneumonia. Follow-up CT in 6-12 weeks, after resolution of symptoms and treatment, is recommended.
The review of trials found that there is evidence that there may be some evidence that the left lower lobe of the lungs may be affected by pleural emphysema. However, there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is also no evidence to suggest that the right lower lobe is affected. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta (aortic artery) is normal. The kidneys are normal in caliber. The bladder and bowel are normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The upper abdominal wall is thickening and bronchiectasis (bronchial wall narrowing). There is evidence of a small but stable tree-in-bud nodule at the left lung base. No evidence of obstruction of the pleural space. The left lung has a thin layer of high density material in the right lung space, which is likely related to prior pleurodesis. The right lung has thin layers of low density material, which may represent early/mild interstitial lung disease. There was no evidence that any of the other organs were affected.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. Moderate to large sized hiatal hernia. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. No malignant growths of the thyroid gland are reported separately.
This review examined the effects of surgical resection of the right upper lobe wedge resection on lung and airways and the heart and vessels. The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the heart appears to be larger than the left lower lobe. However, the largest subsolid nodule (1.4 x 0.6 cm) in the lower lobe (series 5, image 240) demonstrates higher attenuation as compared to 12/18/2020. There is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.9 cm in diameter. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. There was a small hiatal hernia. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland and lymph nodes appear to be stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been seen. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. No pericardial effusion has been reported.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is low relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The heart appears to be in good shape. The aorta is normal size and the aortic valve is in normal shape. There is no evidence to support the use of additional support devices.
The review of trials found that lung and airway enlargement was seen in the upper and lower lobe of the lungs. However, these changes were nonspecific and may be seen only in the setting of atypical infection or pulmonary edema. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Three-vessel coronary calcifications. Subacute fractures of right fourth through sixth ribs. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.2 cm subcarinal lymph node (5/319). The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels: No abnormal enlargement. Upper and lower limbs: No aggressive lesions. Lower limbs and soft tissues: No serious bone damage.
This review found that lung function improved in the left upper lobe of the bronchus. There was no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. However, there was a decrease in the size of the left lower lobe tree-in-bud nodules. The left lung wall thickening was reported separately. There is no evidence to support the use of aortic valve calcification. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The right breast had calcification in the right breast. No new or worsening nodules were found. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported.
The review of trials found that the heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. However, there is some evidence that there is an increase in the presence of calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the lung and that the airways may be inflamed. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. No new or enlarging discrete solid lung nodules have been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No pericardial effusion has been observed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild aortic valvular calcifications, moderate coronary calcifications and a filling defect within the lingular segmental branch (5/228). Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. No lung nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging lymph nodes. The included portion of thyroid gland has not changed. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Moderate coronary calcification. Although the study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries, there is a filling in the aorta of the lungs; a hole in the middle of the heart; a filling within the upper abdominal wall; and a defect in the lower abdominal wall. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Heterogeneous structures of the thoracics appear to have widespread, faintly visualized lytic lesions, which are consistent with metastases.
The review of trials found that the trachea and lungs appear to be stable and the aortic valve calcifications are stable. No new or enlarging nodules have been seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been noted.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. The right lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 5 image 249 is unchanged.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there are some abnormalities in the heart and vessels of the heart, but no evidence that they are abnormal. There is evidence that the aorta is normal in size, but the pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The thyroid gland is unremarkable, and there is no evidence of abnormal thyroid tissue in the thyroid gland. There are no signs of pericardial effusion, but there is a possibility that this may be due to the presence of a blood clot in the artery. There may be some evidence of obstruction of the airway in the right upper lobe and bronchi, which is likely to represent pneumonia, although underlying radiation pneumonitis is likely present. The T3 spacer has been removed since prior exam dated 10/21/2021. The left breast is missing a piece of tissue, possibly from prior chest tube placement, but this is unlikely to have been caused by prior placement of a PICC. A surgical clip is noted in the left breast.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway disease. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the right atrium was found to be of good use. No consolidation of the lung and airways. The thyroid gland appeared to be normal size and normal thyroid gland volume. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The aorta of the heart was normal size, but there was a small hernia in the hernia area. No changes in the number of lymph nodes were noted. No abnormal blood vessels were seen. The hernia was not large enough to be clinically significant. No serious bone disease was found.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of radiotherapy for the treatment of thyroid cancer. There is a small hernia in the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal in size. The heart and vessels are normal. No pericardial effusion is seen. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The right thyroid gland has not been affected by cancer. The left thyroid gland does not appear to have been affected. There was no evidence of cancer of the lymph nodes. There were no signs of lymph nodes in the thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No pericardial effusion was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The heart appears normal.
The review of trials found that lung function was stable and that there was no evidence of lung disease. However, there was a small increase in the number of patients who developed pleural effusions in the right lower lobe of the lung. This may be related to the presence of reticulations in the left lung and may be associated with chronic effusions. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Dilatations of the mitral annulus. Upper Abdomen: Post surgical changes of the stomach consistent with prior splenectomy. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the lower lobe of the lungs may be affected by bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thickening and multiple foci of mucoid impaction with scattered centrilobular nodules throughout the lungs compatible with small and large airways disease. Peripheral consolidation in the right upper and right lower lobes is slightly decreased. Multiple new groundglass opacities predominantly involving the upper lobes may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology. Mild secretions within the trachea. Additional scattered nodules measuring up to 4 mm are unchanged, for example in the left lower lobe on series 5, image 365.. No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy. Moderate hiatal hernia. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial swelling. The great vessels are normal in caliber.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of the tracheobronchial tree for the treatment of hypothyroidism. However, there is some evidence that it may be useful in the management of thyroid disease.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new pneumonic consolidations were noted. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. There is a small but persistent thyroid nodule in the left lower lobe of the left upper lobe, but this has been stable over multiple prior examinations. This may be due to the presence of a thyroid gland enlargement in the area of postradiation change in the central right upper lobe. This is a concern, raising concern for recurrent disease. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent cystic tracheobronchial tree. No pneumonia or heart and edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged right paratracheal lymph node measures 11 mm and treated axis, increased from 6 mm on prior exam. Short-term follow-up is recommended. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Punctate aortic valvular calcification is noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found that lung function was similar to prior to the initial examination. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild interval decrease in nodularity along the right major fissure, now up to 1.9 cm, previously up to 2.2 cm. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. Stable nodule or lymph node in the left major vein measuring up to a length of 1.3 cm (4:273). Stable 6 mm right pericardiophrenic node. No more or less enlarging lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable subcentimeter mediastinal nodes. No additional or more enlarging nodes. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest wall therapy port tip (sVC) terminates in the SVC. Upper and lower abdomen: Reported separately. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some with increased sclerosis indicating healing. Please see concurrent bone scan.
The review of trials found that lung function was normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was observed. No consolidations of the thyroid gland were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The visualized portion of the abdominal organs were unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No suspicious nodules or masses. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Minimal punctate aortic calcifications are noted. Upper and lower abdominal tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The right lower lobe of the right liver, adjacent to healed rib fractures, likely represents scarring. No abnormal bone lesions were observed. The heart and vessels: The heart is healthy.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, there is some evidence of scarring in the left upper lobe and the superior segment of the left lower lobe, likely related to prior granulomatous disease. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The thyroid is heterogeneous.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with acute myeloid leukaemia who had their right lower lobe wedge resection resected. The evidence is current to January 2019. The review authors found that there is no evidence to support the use of radiotherapy for the treatment of myelodysplasia. However, there is some evidence that radiotherapy may increase the size of the left adrenal gland and that it may also increase the thickness of the right adrenal glands. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The esophagus is patulous and contains intraluminal debris. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with biatrial enlargement. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Similar nodular thickening in the left thyroid gland and in the right thyroid gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postprocedural changes again seen in the breast, including biopsy clips.
This review of the literature found no evidence of interstitial lung disease. However, there is a suggestion that there may be some evidence of atelectasis in the right upper lobe of the right lung. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that the left lung is affected. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the left breast.
The review of trials found that lung and airway disease has worsened in people with thoracic spine. Severe lung disease is the most common cause of this disease. The review also found that the heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. No pleural effusion has been reported. No new adenopathy has been identified. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in this group of patients. However, these findings should be interpreted with caution due to the poor quality of the evidence.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials comparing the size of thyroid nodules in the upper and lower lobes of the thyroid gland. The review authors found that the thyroid nodule in the right thyroid gland is stable. However, the other sub-6 mm nodules, for example a 5 mm nodule on the right lower lobe, remain too small to be classified as stable. The thyroid gland has not been affected by thyroid cancer. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications remain. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Stable subcentimeter heterogeneous thyroid gland nodule. Simple left renal cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes in the spine. The ascending aorta measures 3.4 cm.
This review of trials found that lung and airway disease is a common complication in people with COPD. However, this review also found that there are a number of reasons for this. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe emphysema. Multilobar mild bronchiectasis. Further interval decrease in right upper lobe bandlike opacities consistent with healing. New 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lobe (5:263) and scarring in the right middle lobe. Tubular branching opacity in both the right lower lobe and left lower lobe (for example 5:407) probably related to mucoid impaction and airways disease. No pleural effusion. Heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. The left chest wall cardiac event monitor.
The review of trials found that there are some indications that small airways and lungs may be affected. However, there is no evidence that this is due to the presence of cancer of the lungs. There is some evidence that the aortic aorta may have calcified, but this is not thought to be a major problem. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion or consolidation is noted. The pulmonary artery is normal. There are mild calcifications in the aortal arteries. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine have not been reported. Remote left posterior rib fractures have been noted.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable and the heart and vessels are normal in size. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or consolidation. There is no pericardial effusion. The great arteries of the heart are normal and the great veins are normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax in the lung or in the aorta. However, there was a small increase in the size of the right lower paratracheal nodes and the right hilar nodes. There was no change in the number of patients who had to have surgery to remove the nodules. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the thoracic spine. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was observed. The aortas of the lungs and aortae were clear. No changes in the numbers of patients with cancer of the thyroid gland were observed. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that any of the other parts of the body are affected.
This review found that the size of the right middle lobe nodule in the chest was reduced by about 4 mm with a small amount of surrounding groundglass opacity. No new or enlarging nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. However, the aorta of the heart appears to be slightly larger than usual. The solid component seen on the mediastinal windows of April 2021 exam has resolved.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of lymph nodes. The included portion of thyroid gland was unremarkable and no aggressive bone lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Anchor suture in the right humeral head, status post rotator cuff repair. Postsurgical changes of bilateral mastectomies.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic arteries. No pericardial effusion. Normal size of the heart and vessels. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen. No changes in bone structure and soft tissues.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence of scarring in the lower lobe of the thyroid gland, but no evidence that this is due to cancer. There is no evidence of cancer of the lungs or the airways. The heart is normal in size. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. No pericardial effusion is noted. No aggressive bone lesions are noted in the thoracic spine.
This review of the literature found no evidence of abnormal lung function. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening, probably related to airways disease, was reported separately. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Left breast 10 mm lesion, enlarged since prior exams.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction or obstruction of the airway. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected by thyroid cancer. The overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
The review of trials found that lung and airway scarring was mostly confined to the upper lobe of the lung. No new lung nodules were identified. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the thoracic spine was at least as good as the left lower lobe in terms of lung function and the right middle lobe was near complete atelectasis. However, the right upper lobes were patchy and there was a new right lower paratracheal adenopathy. There was no evidence of a difference between the two lobes. There were no major problems with the lungs or the airways. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The review also found that there were no serious problems with any of the other visualized organs.
The review of trials found that there were no new pulmonary nodules. Some of these nodules including the right upper lobe groundglass nodule are slightly increased in size going back to study from October 2016. No new lung nodules have been found since then. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular thyroid including a 2.4 cm left-sided thyroid nodule which is unchanged compared to recent studies. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancerous growths in the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes. However, there is evidence that the upper lobe of the bronchial tree may be covered by a thickening of the wall of the lung. There is no evidence that there is cancer growth in the lymph nodes or in the thyroid gland. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities have been found. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The aorta of the heart is 40 mm in diameter. The kidneys are too small to be classified as abnormal.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that lung and airway changes and traction bronchiectasis may be due to chronic aspiration. There is no evidence that there are any problems with the lungs or airways. The heart appears to be normal in size. The patient's blood pool is low in attenuation consistent with anemia. The spine is straight and straight, but there is a slight curvature of the spine. There are no major complications. The review also found that the right upper lobe of the lung is stable. The left upper lobe is thin and the lower esophagus is thickened with a moderate-sized hiatal hernia. A simple appearing left renal cyst is again noted. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is a chronic deformity of the right posterior seventh rib, likely related to remote surgery or trauma. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of lung disease or pericardial effusion. There was some evidence that the spleen was hyperattenuating, suggesting that iron deposits may be present. There were no aggressive oesophageal cancerous lesions. The heart size is normal. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuated, suggestive of iron deposition. There is fusion of the proximal aspects of the posterior ribs at T4 and T5. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of bronchiectasis in the lower lobes of the chest. However, there is some evidence that it is possible that it may be associated with lung cancer. The review also found that the heart size is normal. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy. There is no aggressive oesophageal cancer.
The review of trials found that there is a moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent compressive atelectasis and pleural-parenchymal fibrotic changes. The central airways are patent. There is no pneumothorax. Calcified granulomas noted within the right middle lobe. The heart appears qualitatively enlarged in size. Coronary artery and aortic vascular calcifications are seen. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta is observed. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. There are no aggressive osseous lesions. A right os acromiale is noted. A VP shunt catheter is partially visualized traversing the left chest wall. The left shoulder joint is noted to have loose bodies and soft tissue stranding and small skin thickening in the right axilla, a subpectoral lymph nodes is also seen.
This review found that the left chest tubes have been removed. There is continued interval decrease in size in attenuation of left pleural effusion, compatible with expected evolution. The heart size is stably enlarged. There was no evidence of pneumothorax. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. The stent graft extends from the proximal descending thoracic aorta to the abdomen, with the abdominal portion partially visualized. Bones and soft tissue: old right anterior rib fractures didn't change. There were no aggressive oesophageal cancerous lesions identified.
This review of clinical trials found that lung and airway nodules are stable and the airways are patent. There are stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm, including a right apical nodule on series 3, image 120. Nodularity is unchanged compared to 10/19/2020. There is a chronic small left pleural effusion. Lingular tree-in-bud nodules were again seen, and are likely inflammatory in nature. No thoracic adenopathy was observed. There was a small hiatal hernia. There were no pericardial effusion and heart and vessel calcifications were normal in size. The right lung and vessels appear normal. A stable expansile lesion involves the right lateral fifth rib. A right sternalis muscle is seen. The left shoulder muscle stranding overlying the right shoulder is partially visualized. Cholelithiasis is seen in the upper abdomen. The spine, sternum, and bilateral ribs are seen. Again seen are extensive lytic lesions.
The review of trials found that the left upper lobe wedge resection was successful in reducing the volume of fluid in the lung. However, there was some concern about the size of the wedge. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is a 9 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, increased from 3 mm on prior exam. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion was noted. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Gynecomastia noted. Changes in the left lateral chest wall. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that the lungs are clear. There are small pleural effusions, right greater than left, with dependent atelectasis of the left lower lobe. Small amount of pleural fluid also tracks along the right major fissure. The heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. Upper abdomen: concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis was performed. No aggressive oesseous lesion was found. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesions were found.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules have slightly decreased in size, for example, a 5 mm right lower lobe nodule (series 4, image 263) previously measured 7 mm and a 5.5 mm left upper lobe nadule previously measured 5 mm. No new nodules were identified. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: A 1.2 cm left supraclavicular lymph node (the largest and most prominent lymph node in the upper body) previously measuring 1.5 cm has decreased. The size of other lymph nodes has also decreased. Similar T12 vertebral body superior endplate deformity has been observed. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review found that the number of lymphadenopathy nodules remains stable, with the largest being a right perihilar nodule measuring 2.4 cm in the right paratracheal region. There is no evidence of an increase in pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Several tiny lung nodules are stable, for example a 2 mm nodule in the right upper lobe (image 99, series 4). There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural discharge. No aggressive lung cancer is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This review of the literature found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion in the left lung. There was a 2 mm nodule in the upper lobe of the left ventricular lobe, but this was unchanged compared to prior examination. There is a left-sided biventricular ICD in place, with leads terminating in the right atrial appendage, right ventricular free wall, and a tributary vein of the coronary sinus. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There are no pericardial stents in place. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the spine. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the bones or soft tissues.
This review found that there are multiple calcified lung nodules consistent with granulomas. Moderate upper lobe predominant emphysema is present. Scarring is noted in the upper lobes. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lung disease. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Hepatic steatosis is a condition in which the blood supply to the kidneys is insufficient to maintain normal blood flow. No evidence of interstitial lung disease or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions are seen.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on the thyroid gland, heart, lungs, airways, and vessels of the thyroid after partial left breast radiotherapy. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. No thoracic adenopathy has been noted. Mild sclerosis is noted compatible with healing. Healed right-sided rib fractures are still evident. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Coarse calcifications in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Displaced fractures of the left fourth through seventh ribs. The fracture lines are still seen. The heart appears normal in size. Status post partial left mastectomy.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule has been identified. Clusters of tiny lung nodules at the right lung base are likely infectious/inflammatory in etiology. There is no aggressive lung cancer.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. A 4 mm groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe is nonspecific and may be infectious/inflammatory in etiology (image 92, series 4). There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy (worsening of lymph nodes) or pleural effusion. There are bilateral thyrotropin nodules measuring up to 1.4 cm on the right side of the thyroid. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of new lung cancer in this group of patients. There is some evidence that the left upper lobe of the right upper lobe is still filled with a small, spiculated lung nodule, but this is not new. There are similar subpleural opacities in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, and tree-in-bud airspace (opacities at the anterior aspect of the upper lobe) are also unchanged. Scattered pulmonary nodules are unchanged, measuring up to 4 mm, and no new pulmonary nodule has been identified. Subcentimeter incidental nodes are unchanged as evidenced by a 6 mm precarinal node. The heart size is normal. The pericardial effusion is no longer noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive oesseous lesions are observed.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were normal in size. No evidence of obstruction of the lung or of the airways was found. However, there was some evidence that the lung and the airway appeared to be inflamed. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of an obstruction in the aortic valve or in the heart. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the thyroid gland. There is no evidence of damage to the other parts of the thyroid glands. The heart and vessels appear to be normal. There are no signs of obstruction in either the heart or the vessels. The neck and chest wall of the chest wall appear to have a loop recorder embedded in the left anterior chest wall. No abnormal bone lesions were found.
The review of trials found that there are a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules in the right middle lobe of the thoracic cavity, but no lymphadenopathy has been identified. The heart is enlarged. The thyroid gland with multiple nodules is again seen. Again seen are multiple old spinal compression fractures and rib fractures. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
The review of trials found that there is a decrease in the size of the right pleural effusion, partially loculated, and associated atelectasis. There is also a decreased in the number of patients with extensive pleural metastatic disease throughout the right lung. However, this is limited due to partial lung reexpansion. The right perihilar mass has also improved. For example, a 1.5 cm left upper paratracheal node was 1.7 cm smaller in the right and previously seen destructive lesions in the left anterior ribs are now more sclerotic. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
The review of trials found that right upper lobe lymphadenopathy is stable and the liver is fatty. Mild emphysema is noted. There is no pleural effusion. There are no aggressive lung lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways are affected. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There are minimal atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Bilateral breast augmentation.
This review found that the size of the thyroid nodule in the left upper lobe was increased from 8 mm to 1.9 cm on the prior study. However, this was not changed in the subsequent study. Other scattered nodules including a 4 mm left apical nodule on the right lower lobe in image 97 are unchanged. Thickening along the fissure in the lower lung is unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The thyroid is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of abnormal blood flow to the lungs. No evidence of adenopathy (inflammation of the airways) was found. There was no evidence that the thyroid was affected by metastatic disease. There were no differences between the thyroid and the other parts of the body in terms of size, volume, and volume of the lymph nodes and the thyroid gland.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations. No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No new lymph nodes. A single lesion in the right fourth rib in series 5 of the prior study which is stable compared to the previous study and remains indeterminable. In the right shoulder left back, a benign finding.
The review of trials found that lung function is normal and that pleural effusions have resolved. No new or enlarging nodules have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No pericardial effusion has been noted. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications have not been found. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aortic aorta is normal. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. There is no evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland or thyroid gland. No pericardial effusion was noted. The neck and lower limbs are unblemished. There was no evidence that the neck or lower limbs were affected by cancer.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new adenopathy was found in the thyroid gland. The right lung mass in series 4 image 145 for example is unchanged compared to the prior study measuring up to 5.8 x 2.5 cm. Patchy groundglass in the lung apices including nodules measuring 6 mm in left upper lobe in image 97 are unchanged. The 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 361 is unchanged. No pleural or arterial effusion was found. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes in the spine and soft tissue in the right hilum are unchanged compared with prior studies.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus were unchanged. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heterogeneous thyroid. Patulous esophagus. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Status post TAVR. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine. Normal heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review found that the size of the majority of bilateral lung nodules were reduced. The largest inferior lingular paracardiac nodule, measuring 2.4 x 1.6 cm (5/307), previously measured 2.8 x 1,8 cm, was found to be 2.2 cm in the right thyroid lobe. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. No new or enlarging lung nodule was found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were reported. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging thoracic adenopathy was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions were observed.
The review of trials found that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the lung or in the airways. There is no new evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Common signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Patchy dependent opacities described on the prior study have resolved. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions were noted. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Moderate coronary calcifications were observed. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Paraesophageal varices are noted. Findings below the diaphragm are better delineated on 9/9/2021 CT scan of the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and pulmonary vessels. No aggressive bone lesions. The review found routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes in the right upper lobe and perihilar region of the brain have not yet been confirmed. The left upper lobe has a larger mass (6 mm) than the right lower lobe (4.82 mm) but this mass is not yet present. No pleural effusion has been reported. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the thoracic area. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Small thrombus noted in the distal right internal jugular vein again noted. Small hiatus hernia. Diffuse esophageal wall thickening with patulous portions of the esophagus noted which may be related to esophagitis or GERD. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions were reported. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. Stable left upper lobe mild fibrotic changes, status post radiotherapy to the left breast. Post radiotherapy changes of bilateral mastectomy and breast implants. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This review of trials found that lung function and blood flow in the lungs and airways were affected by pneumonia. There were also problems with the aortic valve and heart and vessels. These findings likely represent a combination of congestive heart failure/fluid overload superimposed to pneumonia. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary artery calcification burden Upper Abdomen: Findings in the abdomen reported separately by the body imaging section. Nasogastric tube in the stomach Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No bone lesions.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with COPD who have had a lung or airway operation to remove excess fluid from their lungs or airways. They found that there are a number of factors that may explain this. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval resolution of the previous left pleural effusion and significant decrease of right pleural fluid with cleared groundglass and consolidative opacities. Background of upper lobe predominant emphysema and chronic large airway disease are again noted. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Stable enlargement of the central pulmonary artery at 4.2 cm, suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and scattered calcified plaques along the aorta.. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of aortus. Upper Abdomen: Gastrostomy feeding tube is again noted, the kidneys are atrophic. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine continued to grow in size. There is a new 4 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in the anterior mediastinum. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC is still in place. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aorta is normal. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were not observed. No adverse events were reported.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, thyroid nodules have been found to be larger in the right upper lobe and left upper lobe. These nodules are not enlarged by size criteria, for example 1 cm lower right paratracheal lymph node (4/138). The thyroid gland appears unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are patent and the airways are unbroken. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries are the result of calcification of the arteries. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No pericardial effusion has been reported.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Stable thyroid nodularities, some partially calcified. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Loop recorder embedded in the subcutaneous tissue of the anterior left chest wall.
The review of trials found that the shape of lung and airways have not changed since 2000. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been detected. No significant air trapping on expiratory series. No pleural effusions have been reported. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable enlargement of central pulmonary artery to 3.3 cm, may suggest pulmonary arterial hypertension. Triple-vessel coronary calcification and stents. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that lung function and airway function have improved since surgery to remove the esophagus and pleural effusions. However, there is still some concern about the presence of pockets of air in the stomach wall of the stomach. The stomach wall has not been completely repaired and may be scarred. There is no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions in the abdomen. The heart is normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are present. No aggressive bones lesions have been found. The overall quality of the evidence is moderate to high. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
This review found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No new or expanding lung nodule. The left adrenal myolipoma is stable. Stable 2.6 x 1.3 cm right-sided chest port intramuscular lipoma. The right upper lobe 5.5 mm branching groundglass nodule (4/147) is also stable. Again seen medial right lower lobe and left posterior basilar linear atelectasis adjacent to Bochdalek hernia on the left side.
This review of the literature found that lung function is similar to the most recent prior examination (7/22/2020) and that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.7 cm suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. The central airways are patent. No consolidation or pleural effusion. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. The right neck clips in the right neck likely related to prior surgery on the thyroid gland.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thoracic adenopathy including internal mammary and axillary groups. No pleural effusions. Stable scattered sclerotic foci and remote healed bilateral rib fractures. Post vertebroplasty changes of bilateral mastectomy and flap reconstruction. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal compression deformity of the superior endplates of T8, T9 and T10.
This review of trials found no evidence of any new or enlarging nodules in the central tracheobronchial tree. However, a decrease in the burden of pulmonary embolism in the lobe branches extending into segmental branches and in a left upper lobe segmental branch is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper abdominal wall and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no evidence of new pneumothorax in the lungs or airways. No new pneumonic consolidation was observed. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules within the aerated parts of the lungs were found. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. Stable changes of median sternotomy and repair of ascending aortic aneurysm were made. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomas in the spleen. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Post surgical changes in the anterior chest wall. No residual soft tissue.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with thoracic cancer of the upper or lower lobe of the chest. They found no new or enlarging lung nodules. There was a small but consistent presence of tree-in-bud nodularities in the right upper lobe and lower lobes with new patches of ill-defined groundglass opacities, for example on image 187 of series 4 and image 339, likely inflammatory in nature. The right lung is stable and the airways are patent. No pleural effusions were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. There is no evidence that thyroid enlargement is associated with lung or airway obstruction. The heart appears to be normal in size. No evidence of obstruction of the aortic valve or of the blood vessels. There are no signs of lung disease or of pleural effusion. The thyroid may be enlarged and may be heterogeneous, but the evidence is inconclusive. There may be problems with the circulation of blood around the thyroid and the thyroid gland, but this is not known at this time. Thyroid gland enlargement may be due to the presence of other abnormalities, such as cysts in the right kidney. The review also found that there may be abnormalities in the circulation around the heart and vessels.
This review found that the size and distribution of numerous bilateral predominantly groundglass nodules is not significantly changed. Findings have been present since at least 2016. No definite new nodules have been identified. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion has been reported. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications have been observed. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The lungs/airways/Pleura: The left mainstem lung was intubated and the right mainstem bronchus collapse. Subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No coronary artery calcifications. The upper abdomen: The stomach tube ends in the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging lung nodules in the right lower lobe (4/280) of the aortic valve. No new or worsening of the disease was observed in the left lower lobe. No pleural effusions were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The aorta appears to be normal. The airways are patent. Unremarkable thyroid gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions were observed.
The review of trials found no evidence that there is any evidence that lung disease is associated with increased blood flow to the lungs. However, there is some evidence that the lungs may be affected. The review also found that the heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. No evidence suggests that there are any major problems with the heart or vessels. There is no evidence to support the use of steroids for the treatment of interstitial lung disease.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of the tracheobronchial tree for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. However, there is some evidence that the tree is growing again. There is evidence that it may be affected by inflammatory processes. There are no signs of obstruction of the airways or of pneumothorax, but there is a small amount of evidence that this may be a problem. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of damage to the heart or arteries. The heart is normal in size. The arteries are normal in caliber. The great vessels are normal. There were no aggressive bone lesions. Flowing anterior osteophytes are consistent with diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH). There is no pericardial effusion. The anterior nodule in the right upper lobe (series 4, image 148), measuring 2.1 x 1.4 cm, is increasing in size over several recent exams, but the others are unchanged. Mild groundglass changes in the peripheral right lung base is suggestive of inflammatory process, unchanged compared to multiple prior exams. Stable small chronic left pleural effusion is noted.
The review of trials found that lung function was stable prior to surgical resection of the left upper lobe of the chest and the left lung was stable after radiotherapy. The right lung was not stable after surgery. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the right breast. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications were reported separately. The left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Right hilar adenopathy measuring up to 1.6 cm short axis, slightly increased in size from 1.37 m on the prior study. Other mediastinal lymph nodes are unchanged. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen. The main pulmonary artery measures up to 4.3 cm in the axial plane, which is unchanged compared to prior studies. The ascending aortus (the largest artery in the lungs) measures up 4.1 cm in length and the left atrial wall is calcified. No more or fewer pulmonary nodes are seen. No changes in the size of the thyroid gland. Routine age related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and the lungs and airways are patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications have not been found to be a problem. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The aorta of the heart measures 36 mm in diameter and the aortic valve measures 36.5 mm. The right lung is patent and the central airways patent. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland has been affected by thyroid cancer. The left lung is normal and the heart and vessels are normal.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs or in the airways. However, there was some evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchiectasis) in the upper and lower bronchioles. There was no evidence that there was any abnormal growth in the aortic arch of the heart. The liver and vessels were normal in size. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aorted arch (normal variant). Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the liver measuring above simple fluid, previously characterized as hemangiomata. Coarse calcification in the right breast. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size and healthy. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected by any of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal. Normal course of the aorta. The aortic valve is normal and no pericardial effusion. No active lymph nodes: No aggressive lymph nodes. Thyroid gland is heterogeneous.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The left upper lobe groundglass nodule measuring 1.4 x 0.7 cm in image 17 is also unchanged. The right middle lobe in image 30 is unchanged. There is no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Stable nodularity of the bilateral adrenal glands. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. Mucous secretions in the proximal trachea. Stable moderate-sized hiatal hernia and thyroid nodularities. Mildly herniation through the right third intercostal space. No new or worsening of the hernia or thyroid nodulities. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Stable low-density lesion in the right hepatic lobe, likely a cyst and 1.3 cm right adrenal nodule.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that some parts of the thyroid gland may be affected, but the evidence is not conclusive. There is also evidence that there may be problems with the lining of the lungs and the airways, especially at the base of the tracheobronchial tree. The review also found that some of the symptoms of bronchiectasis may be due to the presence of granulomatous disease, but there is no evidence that this is the cause of the disease. There was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There were no reports of pericardial effusion. However, there was some evidence of a thinning of the esophageal wall which can be seen in the setting of gastroenteritis. The thyroid gland appears to be affected in different ways. There may be some abnormalities in the liver and vessels, but these are too small to identify.
The review of trials found no evidence of new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. However, there were some small clusters of micronodules at the right lung base and in the left upper lobe, probably related to airways disease. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. The aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were not seen. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. Mild bilateral gynecomastia was noted.
The review of trials found that the right pleural effusion has slightly increased with interval increased compression atelectasis in the right base. Stable size of right apical cavitary lesion measuring 8.5 x 4 x 3.7 cm (TR, CC and AP diameters respectively), communicating with apical bronchus of the right upper lobe (image 146 of series 603). Again seen diffuse bronchiectasis and bilateral peripherally distributed fibrotic like arcades, likely sequela of prior Covid 19 pneumonia. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. The central pulmonary artery is upper normal, may be suggestive of high blood pressure. No aggressive bone lesions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The right shoulder lipoma is stable. Mild heart and vessels appear normal. Mild coronary calcifications again noted. The liver surface of the liver, suggestive of chronic liver disease, is abnormal. Status post splenectomy.
This review of the literature found no evidence that lung cancer was present in the lung or airways. However, lung cancer spread to the lungs and airways and spread to other parts of the body. No significant change in size of the nodules was observed. No new nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that lung and airways disease was more common in the upper lobe of the lung than in the lower lobe. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Lungs were more likely to be affected by bronchiolitis (bronchial effusion) than the bronchus. Lung and airway disease: No new pleural effusions were noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was no new thoracic adenopathy. Anterior mediastinal 9 and 8 mm short axis nodules (3/181) are unchanged over multiple priors dating back to June 2017, may represent thymic remnant. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Remote healed bilateral rib fractures. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive disease. Mild gynecomastia is again noted.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules. A 1 cm nodule described as new on the prior study in the right lower lobe of the thoracic spine has resolved. Other nodules including the nodule adjacent to the cyst in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 142 which corresponds to the treated lesion, 6 mm right apical nodule image 153 and the smaller nodules in the base of the left base including a 4 mm nodule in image 383 are unchanged. The right hilar node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis in the hilar nodes is unchanged. No new or worsening lesions are seen. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the pulmonary artery. Upper abdominal organs and Soft Tissues: No new lesions. Normal bone structure.
This review assesses the effects of thyroidectomy on lung, airways and lymph nodes. Thyroid gland and thyroid gland are normal in size. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been found post thyroidectomy. The left thyroid gland is unremarkable. The right thyroid gland has not been affected by thyroid cancer. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No abnormal blood flow in the aorta has been found. The main pulmonary artery measures 34 mm in diameter and the left aortic valve and the right coronary artery measure 34 mm. Hepatic steatosis is a condition in which fluid leaks out of the lungs and into the blood vessels of the heart. No serious adverse events have been reported in this group of patients.
The review of trials found that the heart chambers appear grossly normal in size. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. The airways are patent with retained secretions in the lower bronchi (for example series 3 image 230), with similar to minimally increased lower lobe distal airway bronchiectasis. No pulmonary nodules greater than 5 mm identified. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The visualized bowel is not obstructed. There is no ascites or lymphadenopathy. No aggressive osseous lesions or acute bony abnormalities are seen. Vertebral bodies again have a towering morphology, and the trabeculae are coarse, consistent with nonweightbearing status /neuromuscular disease.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with CABG, median sternotomy and mitral annuloplasty. The review authors found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1 cm, for example a 1.0 cm right paratracheal lymph node and a 1 cm prevascular lymph node, are seen. Mildly enlarged heterogeneous thyroid gland with scattered calcifications. Interval resolution of previously seen hematoma with mild residual residual retrosternal postsurgical changes. Heart and Vessels: Patient is status post CABg, median Sternotomy and aortic valve surgery. The heart is st enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review of trials found that lung and airway thickening was stable, but there was some evidence of scarring in the right lung. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs. The right lung had a thinning of the airway and the left lung had thickening. There were no pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Widespread osseous metastatic disease. Stable compression deformities of multiple thoracic vertebral bodies. Old healed rib fractures. Status post left mastectomy with implant reconstruction and left axillary dissection.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs or in the airways. The heart is normal in size and the aortic valve is normal. No evidence of an obstruction of the pericardial effusion was found. Moderate-sized lymph nodes were found in the upper abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine were not reported.
This review of the literature found that the heart appears to be normal in size and that the lungs and airways appear to be unperturbed. However, there is a possibility that there is some evidence that the left lung may be inflamed or inflamed. There is no evidence that there are any major problems with the lungs or airways. The thyroid gland appears normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No evidence of pericardial effusion or pneumothorax has been reported.
