The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of programmes to encourage obese adolescents to lose weight. The review found that there is a need for more programmes that focus on healthy eating and exercise, rather than on specific amounts of weight loss.
The liver may be enlarged, hard, or tender; massive hepatomegaly with easily palpable nodules is a sign of advanced disease.
The bladder emptying process is slow and irregular. The bladder empties slowly and frequently, but the size of the stream of urine is too small to be sure that it is full. The stream is usually not strong enough to reach the bladder wall. Nocturia, urgency, and nocturia are common side effects. Sensations of incomplete emptying, dry mouth, dribbling, overflow incontinence, or complete retention may ensue. Pain and dysuria are not present. More research is needed to determine the best method of emptying the bladder and the best way to refill the bladder.
Desmopressin is an anti-inflammatory drug that has been shown to reduce blood clots in the lungs.
Some patients have weight loss, rarely enough to become underweight. Anemia, glossitis, angular stomatitis, and aphthous ulcers are usually seen in these patients.
This review of trials found that lesions in the carotid and vertebral arteries can lead to decreased blood flow to the brain. These lesions can cause symptoms of syncope, dizziness, low blood flow, hypotension, headaches, transient visual disturbances, or strokes.
This review found that suctioning can be done with an endotracheal tube attached to a meconium aspirator. However, if the neonate's breathing seems to be obstructed, it is not possible to use this method.
The symptoms of Lupus erythematosus are usually mild, with some patients suffering from a rash. However, some patients may have more severe rashes. The symptoms may be worse if the skin is exposed to bright light.
This review of the literature found that many of these reactions are caused by the presence of gas (e.g. carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide) in the blood.
The review found that recurrence rates after surgical excision are about 5 to 15 %.
This review of trials found that some of the adverse effects may be minimal, but they may be troublesome. The review found that redness, eye ache, foreign body sensation, and sensitivity to light may be reduced with treatment. However, more research is needed to confirm these findings.
In the most severe form (called malignant yellow fever), delirium, intractable hiccups, seizures, and coma, may occur. Multiple organ failure may occur in this condition.
Patients with allergic conjunctivitis report itching, redness, and burning of the eyes.
This is an exercise in which participants are put into different positions, such as sitting, lying on their backs, or lying on the floor. The aim is to see how far they can go without falling over. The exercise is usually done in a group.
In a few patients, the first symptom of hepatocellular carcinoma is bleeding. This is usually due to hemorrhage of the tumor.
The carbocation intermediate is formed in the reaction's rate determining step. The reaction is a sp2 hybridized carbon with trigonal planar molecular geometry.
This review examines the effects of these organisms on the environment. Physiological adaptations permit them to perform special functions, such as making venom, making slime, and phototropism, but also involve more general functions.
The review found that continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) can be used to improve lung function.
However, many patients are never oliguric.
This review found that adult worms in the intestine may cause colicky epigastric pain, anorexia, flatulence, and weight loss.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is a rare cancer of the liver that forms in people with cirrhosis. It is thought to be present in 10 to 15 % of patients.
This review found that pericarditis is the most common form of FMF. Other manifestations of this condition include acute pleurisy (in 30 %), arthritis (in 25 %), a rash of the knee, ankle, and hip; an erysipelas - like rash of lower leg; and scrotal swelling (swelling of the scrotum) and pain due to inflammation of the testis.
In acquired lymphocytopenias, lymphocyte infiltration is a rare but common complication. It usually occurs with the removal of the underlying factor or with successful treatment.
The most significant long-term complication of FMF is chronic renal failure.
In this notation, the DA reaction and the dipolar reaction both become a [4+2 ] cycloaddition.
The review of trials found that a combination of intubation and CPAP are effective in reducing the level of oxygen in the blood of newborn babies with respiratory distress. However, CPAP needs to be followed by mechanical ventilation and admission to the neonatal ICU. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for respiratory distress in newborn babies.
This is an update of the original article published in 2010. The first version of this review was first published in 2011.
This review found that if no symptoms develop within the first 6 h after ingestion, the risk of serious side effects is minimal.
The review of trials found that there are a number of factors that can lead to dementia. These factors include brain disorders, dementia, stroke, Parkinson disease, advanced age, sensory impairment, and multiple coexisting disorders. Some of these factors include use of drugs (particularly 3 new drugs), use of catheters (to help with bladder retention), and emotional stress.
This is an update of an earlier version of this review.
After the prodrome, maculopapular lesions develop on the nose, mouth, and arms.
Many males with breast cancer have inherited a BRCA mutation, but there are other causes, such as alcohol abuse, exposure to certain hormones and ionizing radiation.
This review looked at the history of false sightings of seals in the sea and found that there are a number of reasons for these. The most common reasons are that they are hoaxes, which can be as simple as a bottle of rum, or more complex. There is a need for more research to find out why these false sightings occur and how to prevent them from happening in the future.
A PET scan also commonly is done to assess the extent of disease as well as the lymphatics.
The review of trials found that some types of building materials have been found to be harmful to the environment. Other causes have been attributed to outgassing of some of these materials, such as molds (see mold health issues), molds produced by molds, mixtures of chemicals (see molds health issues) and byproducts of some office machinery. The review also found that there is a lack of data on the effects of air filtration on the health of people living and working in urban areas.
The review of trials suggests that BMI may predict the risk of metabolic and cardiovascular complications better than BMI does. However, more research is needed to confirm this finding.
Clinically evident chronic venous insufficiency may cause no symptoms, but always causes signs.
This review found that mammography is a simple test to check that there is no mass in the chest. If there is a mass, the test is usually done to confirm that the cancer is not there. However, if there is evidence of cancer, other tests are also done.
This review found that genital lesions can cause painful epididymal swelling, deep perineal pain, and prostatic pain.
The review found that inflammatory breast cancer is a rare but common type of breast cancer. Inflammatory breast cancer causes the breast to expand and spread, often to the nipple.
This review looked at the history of blepharitis in children. The review found that there are many different types of infection in the eyelashes. The most common cause is bacterial infection, but it may also be due to a virus (eg, herpes). There is also an allergic reaction, which can be caused by a reaction to the same area of the eyelid. There is no evidence to suggest that there is a link between these types of infections, but there is some evidence that they can cause itching, rubbing, and a rash. More research in this area is needed.
The liver is usually small; when the liver is enlarged, hepatic steatosis or hepatoma should be considered.
Further evaluation may include enhanced CT and MRI of the head, neck, and chest. Thyroid scan may include thyroid scan, barium swallow or bronchoscopy, and esophagoscopy.
Endotracheal intubation and continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP). Mechanical ventilation as needed Supplemental oxygen as needed.
In adults, BMI, defined as weight (kg) divided by the square of the height (m2), is a way of screening for overweight or obesity.
The purpose of this review was to assess the history of breast discharge. The review includes the following: Whether the current discharge is unilateral or bilateral; What its color is; How long it has been there; How it has lasted; Whether it is spontaneous or only with nipple stimulation; Whether a mass or breast pain is present.
The review of trials found that some patients with abnormal blood tests require colonoscopy, as do those with lesions seen with sigmoidoscopy or imaging studies.
A feeling of itchiness or feeling of a foreign body may be caused by either a conjunctival or a corneal disorder.
The review of trials found that there are a number of treatments for arrhythmias. Some treatments have been shown to be effective, but more research is needed.
Vasculitic skin lesions may include mottled erythema on the palms, nail -fold infarcts, urticaria, and palpable purpura. Petechiae may develop secondary to thrombocytopenia.
This review found that gonococcal infection (DGI) is a bacteremia, which is an inflammation of the bile duct. It causes fever, swelling, and rash. In some patients, pain develops and tendons (eg, at the wrist or ankle) redden or swell. Skin lesions occur typically on the arms or legs, and are small, slightly painful, and often pustular. DGI can mimic some other disorders, such as rash, fever, and skin lesions, and polyarthritis. Some of these other disorders can cause genital symptoms.
This allows two different avenues for the attack, one on either side of the planar molecule.
The review of trials found that some children may have breathing problems when lying on their backs. This may be caused by the presence of inspiratory stridor, which causes the child to sit up straight and lean forward. This position is known as a 'tripod' position. However, this position may also cause the child's breathing to be restricted. The review also found that there may be other breathing problems, such as tachypnea, which may be present.
Caffeine (a stimulant) is a stimulant that has been shown to improve lung function. Respiratory stimulants are also known to improve breathlessness. The review of trials found no evidence to support the use of caffeine for the treatment of asthma. More research is needed.
This review found that boron trifluoride, zinc chloride, and iron (III ) chloride are all useful catalysts.
This review found that a positive test for blood can result from non-cancerous disorders, such as ulcers. However, this does not mean that the blood test is false positive, because cancers do not bleed continuously.
In extreme cases, a person may only be able to tell light from dark in that eye.
This review found that desmopressin, an analog of the vasopressin analog, may be helpful for people with type 1 and some forms of type 2 VWD. However, the drug is not effective in type 2 and 3 VWD, and in VWD type 2A it can worsen bleeding. To ensure adequate response to the drug, physicians give patients a test dose and measure the response of VWF antigen.
Fungi and mycobacteria can cause osteomyelitis.
Intermittent swelling and pain in some large joints, especially the knees, typically recur for a few years.
Vital signs should be reviewed for the presence of tachypnea and fever.
This is an updated version of the previous version of this review, which was first published in 2010.
Warts are the most common type of skin cancer in the world, but there are many different types. Warts are named by their clinical appearance and location. Different forms of wart are linked to different types of HPV, and different warts have different characteristics.
The severity of the diarrhea and vomiting can lead to rapid dehydration and electrolyte imbalance, and death, in some cases.
This review found that the most common causes of chronic pain are TMJ dysfunction; eustachian tube dysfunction; chronic otitis externa. Also, with chronic pain, tumor growth must be considered, particularly in older patients.
Children who bite or suck on extension cords can burn their mouth and lips.
This review found that variola major is a rare disease of the variolei, and that it is difficult to diagnose. About 5 to 10 % of people with this disease develop either a hemorrhagic form or a malignant (flat) form. The bleeding form is rarer, and has a shorter, more intense prodrome.
Sucking out the pus with a needle is often not sufficient.
This review found that rheumatic disorders have different causes, and several of them can have multiple causes. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an updated version of the original article originally published in 2004. In this updated version, the Professor concludes that any peasant woman could give birth to a genius and that eugenics are therefore a waste of time.
After 1 or 2 days, cutaneous lesions become vesicular, then pustular.
The reaction produces the corresponding sultine through a hetero-Diels-Alder reaction under thermal control. However, under thermodynamic control (40 °C ) the reaction produces sulfolene through a cheletropic reaction.
The symptoms of rheumatic fever occur typically about 2 to 3 wk after the streptococcal infection.
Freckles are usually found on the face, although they may appear on other skin, such as arms or shoulders.
Animal hoarding is a form of hoarding disorder in which patients gather a large number of animals and do not provide adequate nutrition, sanitation, and veterinary care.
In his Nobel lecture, Lewis said that comparisons of the control complexes of the animal kingdom, as well as the organisms, the control genes, and the control proteins, should provide a picture of how these organisms, and their control genes have evolved.
The condition may not be expressed fully in a homozygous female.
The word prion is a proteinaceous infectious particle and is thought to be derived from prion proteins.
After a few days spent in a search for fuel to feed the ship's stoves, Morrell sailed southwards on 6 March, into the Weddell Sea.
In 2010 at The Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Bacteria ) and Toxin Weapons and Their Destruction (2005) in Geneva the sanitary epidemiological reconnaissance was suggested as well-tested means for enhancing the monitoring of infections and parasitic agents, for practical implementation of the International Health Regulations.
This review found that paroxysmal attacks of brief, painful pain can occur spontaneously or are precipitated when areas innervated by the glossopharyngeal nerve (in the neck) are stimulated (eg. by chewing, swallowing, coughing, talking, yawning, or sneeze).
De Bary also studied lichens which are the result of an association between a fungus and an alga.
Urine culture is a test for urinary tract bacteria. The bacteria in the urine are grown in a special culture and are grown to a specific concentration. The test results are measured by measuring the number of bacteria growing in the urethra. A positive test means that the urine culture shows a positive test result. A negative test does not show a positive result.
This review found that many people with secondary syphilis (40-85 % of women, 20-65 % of men ) do not report having had the classical chancre of syphilis.
The review of trials found that people with hyperuricemia are at high risk of gout. About 10 % of people with high blood pressure will develop gout at some point in their lifetimes.
This review found that bruises can lead to bleeding in the blood vessels of the leg, but not all bruises are serious. Some bruises can be serious, such as when they are associated with fractures and more severe internal bleeding.
The review of trials found that moles have certain characteristics of concern, known as ABCDEs, that should be considered if they are found to be malignant. These are: A: A symmetry - asymmetric appearance; B: Borders - irregular borders, not round or oval; C: Color - variation in the mole, or unusual colors; D: Diameter - > 6 mm; E: Evolution - a new mole in a patient > 30 years of age; or a changing mole. Other red flags are Recent enlargement, change in shape, or change in the surface characteristics of the skin. Signs of inflammation in surrounding skin, such as redness, itching, or tenderness, should be taken into account.
Both men and women may have reduced fertility; women may not have menstrual periods.
This review found that acute inflammation of the joints can heal over weeks to months, with recurrences recurring over several years.
The purpose of this review was to assess the effects of brain imaging.
This is a new type of skis designed for people with paraplegia. These are called sit-skis and are designed for wheelchair users or other skiers.
Infections of the prostate, bladder, or seminal vesicles can lead to intense burning or itching after ejaculation.
This review found that wind shear affects sailboats in motion by changing the wind speed and direction.
Peat usually accumulates slowly, at an average rate of about a millimetre per year.
Clinical evaluation
Clinical features of ehrlichiosis and anaplasmosis appear to be similar.
Common warts are caused by HPV types 1, 2, 4, and 7 and sometimes other types in immunosuppressed patients. They usually cause mild pain when they are located on a weight-bearing surface.
The fossilized fauna of the world's oldest land plants and animals have been found. However, the majority of these organisms were thought to have died out after the mid-Cambrian age.
The review of trials found that research in this field is expensive and time-consuming.
In the 1970s, antibiotics and vaccines for leprosy were developed using armadillos.
This review found that one species of the Megacrania species is used in Papua New Guinea as a treatment for skin infections.
Dementia also occurs in patients with Parkinson, Huntington disease, progressive supranuclear palsy, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, Gerstmann-StrÃ¤ussler-Scheinker syndrome, and other prion disorders, and neurosyphilis.
Abdus-Samad died of acute hepatitis on Wednesday ( November 30), 1988. He is survived by his three sons (from oldest to the youngest ) : Yasir, Hisham, and Tariq.
In October 1629, the plague reached Milan, Lombardy's major commercial center.
Further injections eventually led to gangrene.
Poor immune function is a risk factor for disease. The review found that poor immune function in the general population may be a cause for concern.
Ehrlichiosis and anaplasmosis may result in disseminated blood clots, multiorgan failure, and coma.
Encephalitis causes restlessness, confusion, agitation, and bizarre behavior.
Endoscopy with biopsy
Erythema marginatum is a serpiginous, flat, or slightly raised, nonscarring, rash. The rash usually appears on the trunk and upper arm but not the face. It sometimes lasts for < 1 day. It is not known to cause any serious side effects.
The perception of having a large penis is often linked to higher self-esteem.
Erythema nodosum is a fungal skin rash caused by the growth or growth factor E. N. D. (e.g. cystosomatosis) that forms on the surface of the skin and travels through the bloodstream to the brain.
The Belarusian people eat a light breakfast and two hearty meals, with dinner being the largest meal of the day.
Fever and other symptoms persist 48 to 96 h, followed by rapid defervescence with profuse sweating.
Griffith hypothesized that some `` transforming principle '' from the heat-killed strain was responsible for making the harmless strain virulent.
For example, stacks of newspapers may fill the sink and cover the countertops and stove in the kitchen, preventing the use of these areas from being used to prepare meals.
This review found that immunodeficiency can lead to a person's immune system being less active than normal, which can cause recurring and life-threatening infections.
This is an updated version of the original version of this review. The original version was first published in 2004.
A albopictus is an invasive species which has spread through Europe, the Americas, the Caribbean, the Middle East and Asia.
This review examines the role of adaptive trait in the evolution of species. The review found that adaptation is one of the two main processes that explain the diversity of species, such as the many species of Darwin's finches.
In pathology, it specifically refers to a sharp injury, which damages the skin. In dermatology, it means that the skin is damaged.
The symptoms of menopause include symptoms and signs due to estrogen deficiency, such as Vulvovaginal atrophy; Urinary urgency; Dysuria; Frequent UTIs.
The review found that hot, wet compresses may relieve some pain.
However, compared with Alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia tends to cause memory loss later, and to affect executive function earlier.
This is a video of a man's penis and scrotum dangling from his anus. The man is wearing a gold ring on the ring finger of his left hand.
The results of this review show that DNA uptake and incorporation into the DNA of bacteria can be improved by adding DNA to the bacteria. This is known as DNA transformation. The results of the review are based on the results of an experiment carried out in the laboratory by a team of researchers from the University of California, Los Angeles, USA.
This is an update of the original review published in 2003. The review found that many deaths in Hong Kong occurred during the SARS epidemic in 2003, and that this may be the cause of many deaths. More research is needed to determine the best way to prevent SARS.
The syndrome is a rare genetic disorder that affects the nervous system and is thought to be caused by the presence of a genetic abnormality. The syndrome was first described in 1960 and is known as John Hilton Edwards syndrome.
This review of trials found no evidence that any of these treatments are effective. However, if an underlying disorder is identified, it should be treated.
The symptoms usually improve within two days, but may last for up to seven days.
Pliny the Younger provided an account of his death.
Sociobiology investigates social behaviors, such as mating patterns, territorial fights, and pack hunting.
People with bipolar disorder often face problems with social stigma.
Many fish use electric fields to detect buried prey.
Infected joints are swollen, and the overlying skin may be warm and red.
The initial symptoms of rabies are nonspecific: fever, headache and malaise.
The Hammond-Leffler theory suggests that this too will increase carbocation formation.
This review found that filamentation is the anomalous growth of some bacteria, especially E. coli, in which cells continue to elongate but do not divide. Filamentation means that the cells do not break free from each other.
Two polio vaccines are used throughout the world to prevent polio. The two polio vaccines have been shown to be effective in the treatment of poliomyelitis.
This increased risk is greatest at two to three months of age, when infants are still very young.
Thalassemia can cause significant complications, including iron overload, bone deformities and heart disease.
This review found that there are 3 stages of Lyme disease: Early, Early disseminated and Late.
The nervous system consists of a ventral nerve cord, with one ganglion in each segment, and a nerve ring surrounding the pharynx.
Manifestations typically involve some combination of the joints, heart, skin, and CNS (neural cord).
The use of magnetic resonance imaging for diagnosis of chronic pancreatitis is growing in popularity. MRI scans can show mass in the pancreas as well as changes in the ductal wall of the pancreatic ducts.
The drug dexamethasone has been shown to be effective in the treatment of asthma. However, it is difficult to know how to best to use this drug because of the small number of patients and the small amount of data available.
This is an update of the original article published in 2010. A few months prior to the London Paralympics, Ben Gray, a Paralympic gold medallist, had problems with his tendons.
Esophageal candidiasis is a disease caused by Candida albicans, which is a fungal infection.
This is an update of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2010.
The review found that drooling or a very sick appearance may be a sign of other medical conditions.
This is an update of a previous review. The original review was published in 1991 and has been re-published in a new version in 2003. The review now includes two new reviews. The first was written by a consumer, Donald Hopkins, and the second by a public health expert, Ben Gray. Both of these reviews have been published in the Cochrane Library.
The drug treprostinil is used to treat the symptoms of Parkinson's disease. It is a powerful anti-inflammatory drug and has been shown to reduce the risk of stroke. However, it can cause serious side effects. The review of trials found that the subcutaneous form can be very painful.
Most patients eventually require hospitalization.
Most patients have pelvic pain (which is sometimes crampy), vaginal bleeding, or both.
In humans, it is defined as body core temperature below 35.0°C.
An analog-to-digital converter (ADC) performs the reverse function.
This review found that there are more complications of UTIs in people with UTIs. Complicated UTIs are more difficult to treat, and require more aggressive treatment and follow-up.
This is an account of the life and times of Anne Marie, a nurse, who nursed her young son until he was well enough to go home from hospital.
The myoclonus is a type of pulsing sound wave that has been studied in the literature.
The population of the area was reduced by one-third in 1900. A measles epidemic and food shortages during 1900 reduced the number of people living in the area.
A detailed family history has been established to determine whether the disease is familial.
In 1991, the Abolition of Racially Based Land Measures Act was passed.
Nonconvulsive status epilepticus is a condition in which causes people to have a state of non-restrictive mental status.
Gout can present in a number of ways, although the most usual is a recurrent attack (a red, tender, hot, swollen joint ).
This is a comprehensive list of the various species of bacteria found in the gut. They include Escherichia, Salmonella, and Vibrio, among others.
Familial Alzheimer's disease and familial Parkinson's disease are two diseases that affect the brain and are thought to accelerate the age-related death of individuals. However, they affect only one tissue and can only affect one tissue. Therefore, they can be classified as unimodal progeroid syndrome.
In 2000, approximately 256,000 children and adults around the world developed a form of leukemia. In total, 209,000 died from it.
Olfactory seizures, manifested as an aura of foul smells (rotten eggs/ burnt meat) may be a symptom of HSV encephalitis.
An adaptive trait is an aspect of the developmental pattern of the organism which enables or enhances the probability of survival and reproducing.
Endoscopy means looking inside the body for medical reasons. It is an instrument used to examine the inside of a hollow organ or cavity of the body.
This review of trials found that people with perineal pain can feel pain at the perineum, but pain may also be felt at the tip of the penis, lower back or testes.
This review found that referred pain is possible. Pain is usually felt over the inflamed site but referred pain can also be experienced by the patient.
This review found that kidney infections can be treated more aggressively than a simple bladder infection, with either a longer course of oral or intravenous antibiotics.
This review found that coma is a common outcome in patients with severe DAI. The outcome is frequently coma, with over 90 % of patients regaining consciousness.
This is an update of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2004.
This review of trials found that fever is a common symptom in people with acute bronchitis. Some patients are initially diagnosed as having a fever, but this may be due to a fever of unknown origin. In addition, some patients may have other symptoms such as fever, fatigue, malaise, unexplained weight loss, and sweats.
The review found that endoscopy with multiple biopsies can be performed, but it is difficult to tell if the biopsy is missed or not.
The review of trials found that bacteria in the urine increase with age from two to seven% in women of child bearing age, to as high as 50 % in care homes.
The effect is remarkable because, under certain circumstances, it can last up to three months, or more.
This drug is used to treat fluoroquinolone resistance to antibiotics. It is usually used in areas where the resistance rate is less than 10 %. Seven days of the oral drug ciprofloxacin is typically used.
The review found that increased ejaculation through masturbation might be more helpful than intercourse, as it may increase the risk of cancer.
This review looked at the effects of weight loss on body mass index (BP) and waist circumference.
This review found that routine hip x-rays are diagnostic.
New Zealand has never had a confirmed case of foot-and-mouth disease.
A palpable bladder may be present with outlet obstruction. The kidney angle may be tender if the kidney is acutely enlarged.
This review looked at the effects of peripheral ring scotoma, a type of cancer of the retina, on vision. It is thought to be caused by damage to the retina.
For kids Bruises in sports, we looked at the best ways to reduce the number of injuries. We wrote to experts to find the best way to reduce injuries in children and young people.
This review found that there is some evidence to support the theory that there may be a chance of having twins with a concordance of about 45% of their genetic make-up. However, more research is needed to confirm this.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence to support the use of ophthalmologic drugs to treat swelling of the cornea.
This review found that advanced cartilage disease can lead to destruction of supporting cartilage. This damage can cause floppy ears, saddle nose, pectus excavatum, and visual, auditory, and vestibular abnormalities.
Spontaneous remissions may last years.
Nephritis is inflammation of the kidneys and may involve the glomeruli, tubules, or the tissue surrounding them.
Strabismus may be infantile or acquired.
Nasogastric suction.
The symptoms and signs of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis are a long-lasting, chronic lung problem that affects the ability to breathe and breathe normally.
The symptoms can last from 6 mo to 10 yr and range from nonexistent to severe.
Night vision may eventually be lost.
The symptoms of constipation may include rectal itching, erythema, discharge, and bleeding. Examination with a proctoscope may detect a mucopurulent (wet) exudate (erythema) on the rectal wall.
Ascites, splenomegaly, or portosystemic encephalopathies may be present.
Bacterial endocarditis may develop in affected valves.
The review found that ultrasonography should be done to test the waters of the uterus to see if there is evidence of a mole or multifetal pregnancy.
This is an update of a previous version of this review.
The peripheral nervous system (PNS) is the part of the nervous system that surrounds the brain and spinal cord.
The review found that bronchiectasis is a common chronic lung condition that causes inflammation.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010.
The review found that CT scans can accurately assess skull base bony changes, which are less visible on MRI.
The United Nations ( FAO) states that by 2025, 1.9 billion people will live in countries or regions where there is no water, and two-thirds of the world's population could be under stress conditions.
The trigeminal nerve is a nerve in the neck of the face that carries nerve juice and causes pain. Pain can occur in any part of the body, but usually in the top of the head.
The review found that cyclohexane and methanol are similar in terms of side effects.
This review looked at the causes of corneal tears in children and adults. The most common causes overall are Corneal abrasion; Foreign bodies.
A corneal ulcer starts as a small, dark spot in the cornea. The ulcer gets worse with time.
The adult testis is an organ of the male reproductive system. The blood supply and drainage of the testes and scrotum are distinct. Many anatomical features of the adult testes reflect its developmental origin in the abdomen.
From May to October 2000 an outbreak of tularemia in Martha's Vineyard was reported. This outbreak resulted in one death, and brought the CDC into the investigation.
This is an update of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2010.
Women may not bond with their newborn infant, resulting in emotional, social, and cognitive problems in the child, later.
The review of trials found that 90.9 % of these procedures were done by curettage, which means that the uterus is removed by forceps or vacuum-aspiration, and 7.7 % by other methods, including mifepristone, saline, and prostaglandin. The remaining 1.0 % was done by other means, such as hysterotomy, hysterectomy, and intrauterine instillation.
This review found that dermatitis herpetiformis is an intensely pruritic rash that covers the whole body. About 10 % of patients have this rash.
Anteroposterior and lateral x-rays are usually taken. A fracture is usually visible on the lateral view. X-rays may be normal, if only the tendon is torn.
This review identified three Leishmania species (L. major, L. infantum and L. braziliensis) that have been sequenced. This has provided much information about the biology of the parasite.
This review found that epinephrine can reduce the severity of croup in children. However, the benefits last for only about 2 hours. More research is needed.
The HgbS gene is a recessive gene that causes sickle-cell disease. It is thought to survive at a rate much higher than the mutation rate.
The word croup comes from the Early Modern English verb croup, meaning ``to cry hoarsely '' ; the name was first applied in Scotland in the 18th century.
This review found that Crohn's disease should be suspected in a patient with symptoms of inflammatory or obstructive symptoms.
Some people with Tourette's may not be aware of the premonitory urge.
This review found that many of these abscesses go on to form abscessing, which requires surgical treatment. The procedure is done with accompanying IV antibiotics.
The inner ear is a part of the skull in all vertebrates. In mammals, it consists of the bony labyrinth, a hollow cavity in the skull with two main functional parts.
The purpose of this review was to assess the extent of this condition. The review found that 0.2 % of the population has this form of synesthesia.
The review found that about half the patients did show dramatic improvement and that side effects were generally trivial.
This is a type of sexual assault in which sexual assault occurs on the skin. It often involves the face, lips and/or tongue, and may also occur on the back of hands or feet or on the genitals.
Jaundice usually peaks within 1 to 2 wk. Recovery phase: During this 2 to 4-wk period, jaundice fades.
This review found that mydriasis and diaphoresis are apparent, and heart rate and BP are increased.
This review found that heart attacks occur in about 8 % of patients within weeks of erythema migrans.
The review found that oral itraconazole 200 mg once a day given until 2 to 4 weeks after the lesion has resolved is the treatment of choice.
This is an update of the original article published in 2010. In this updated version, the principal of William McKinley High School was infected with the flu for the first time in the school's history. Sue Sylvester ( Jane Lynch) has been appointed acting principal of the school.
This is an account of a search for seals in the Wasp seal hunt, which took place in the remote Bouvet Island off the coast of France in the early hours of 6 December 2014.
The review of trials found that, among spinal subdural abscesses, the Staphylococcus aureus species is the most common parasite.
The review found that genital warts are more common among patients who bite their nails, or who have jobs where their hands get wet, such as dishwashers.
The barking cough and stridor may no longer be prominent at this stage. 85 % of children presenting to the emergency department have mild disease; severe croup is rare ( < 1 % ).
The review found that flunitrazepam is a potent anti-psychotic drug that can cause sedation and sedation. However, it is associated with an increased risk of overdose.
The Intersex Society of North America stated that `` For decades, doctors have thought it necessary to treat intersex with an approach of concealment-centered approach. One that features downplaying intersex as much as possible, even to the point of lying to patients.
Biopsy of the lung is usually not indicated unless the pulmonary hypertension is thought to be due to an underlying lung disease. Further, lung biopsies can be fraught with risks of bleeding due to the high intrapulmonary blood pressure.
This review found that epidemiology alone can not prove that a causal association does not exist. In the US, epidemiology studies can only go to prove that an agent could cause, but not that it did cause, an effect.
The review of trials found that venous stasis dermatitis is a rare, chronic, and rarer disease of the leg veins. It is caused by inflammation of the veins, which can lead to redness, swelling, and ulcers. The disease progresses from no change in the veins (rare) to edema, redness of the legs, swelling of the feet, ulcers, and rash.
The plasmids are a type of DNA molecule that can be found in many organisms. Most commonly found as small circular, double-stranded DNA molecules, plasmid DNA is found in bacteria. Plasmids have been shown to be useful in the treatment of many different types of bacteria. However, they are also found in other types of organisms, such as archaea, eukaryotic organisms, and human cells.
Early liver metastases may be asymptomatic.
This review looked at changes in the appearance of breast tissue in the breast. A common finding during physical examination is a "syphysyma", a mass that looks like it is distinct from the surrounding breast tissue. This may be a sign of cancer. However, fibrotic changes in a quadrant of the breast are more likely to be benign.
More advanced breast cancers are characterized by one or more of the following: Fixation of the mass to the chest wall or to overlying skin; Satellite nodles or ulcers in the skin; Exaggeration of skin markings resulting from skin edema caused by invasion of lymphatic vessels (so-called 'peau d â€™ orange').
Two leading hypotheses suggest that it may have jumped species from the disease scrapie in sheep, or that it might be a spontaneous form of the disease mad cow disease, which has been seen in cattle for many centuries.
This review suggests that myoclonus may be an early symptom of Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease. This review also suggests that it is possible that it may be a symptom of other forms of the disease.
This condition is a rare but serious complication of asthma. People with asthma can develop this condition.
Vaccinia given after exposure to smallpox, within three days, within the first three days of the disease, seems to attenuate the disease considerably. However, up to a week after exposure, vaccination might offer some protection from disease, or may change the severity.
This review found that catheterization increases the risk for urinary tract infections.
The review found that early and late fetal loss are common symptoms of preterm birth.
This review of trials found that patients who can not move should be tested by asking for eye movements to be tested. Because patients do not respond to pain, they may be wrongly thought to be asleep. Thus, all patients should have their comprehension tested by requesting eye blinking (stroking) or vertical eye movements.
Bedside neurologic testing Neuropsychologic testing
The most infamous symptom of bubonic plague is the infection of the lymph glands (lymphadenitis). These swollen and painful glands are known as buboes.
This review found that CA 19­-9 and CA 125 are other tumor markers that may be used.
The review of trials found that heart attacks and myocarditis are the most common cause of death in people with heart disease.
Lifestyle changes have been shown to be effective in reducing the risk of coronary heart disease. In people with heart disease, aerobic exercise can reduce the rate of death.
There are no blood vessels in the cornea, so there are few problems with rejection. There are also few complications with rejection of the new cornea.
In adults, lassitude, weakness, and anorexia are most common.
This is a type of earache. The pain starts in the tonsillar region or at the base of the tongue, spreading to the ipsilateral ear. The earache may last for seconds to a few minutes.
Clinical evaluation. Diagnosis is primarily clinical.
This review found that cowpox is more common in animals than bovines.
This is an enzyme-based method of making sure that the product is correct. In this review, an enzyme such as DNA polymerase was shown to be a promising candidate for this role.
In developing countries, most cases of tuberculosis are probably caused by TB, particularly in patients with poor immune function due to undernourishment, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection, or both.
This is an update of an earlier version of this review. The original version was published in 2010.
This is an updated version of the original article published in 2010.
Cough, occasionally producing chunky or gummy sputum, occurs but is less common.
The review of trials found that undernourishment and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection appear to be the main risk factors for the disease.
Infection ranges from asymptomatic (in 5 to 50 % of cases) to a fever with a case fatality rate (in the case of the fever, the number of deaths) of up to 50% in the majority of cases.
This review found that narrowing of arteries may lead to high blood pressure.
This review of trials found that multiple-infarct dementia is a form of dementia in which the brain is damaged in a variety of ways. Each episode leads to a slow decline in memory, thinking and thinking ability.
This review found that apneic spells require ventilator support.
Diagnosis of DiGeorge syndrome is based on clinical findings. An absolute lymphocyte count is done, followed by lymphocyte counts, B- and T- cell counts, and evaluation of lymphocyte subsets. If a lymphoma is detected, blood tests are done. Ig levels and vaccine titers are also measured. Fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) testing can be done to check for the 22q11 region of the DNA, and standard tests to check other abnormalities may be done.
The Taung Child was thought to be extinct when it was found in the wild in the 1970s. In 2006, a conservationist from the UK, Lee Berger, suggested that it probably was killed by an eagle or other large predatory bird since the similarity of damage to the skull and eye sockets was of that seen in modern primates that are known to have been killed by eagles. It had a cranial capacity of 400-500 cc.
This review found that renal involvement can develop at any time and may be the only symptom of SLE. It may be benign and asymptomatic, or progressive and fatal.
Many of these risk factors are the same as those associated with having a major stroke.
Vasoconstriction of arteries can change a lesion that does not limit blood flow into a stenosis. This can lead to an unstable angina, heart attack, or stroke.
The purpose of this review was to assess the extent of memory loss in people with DID. The review found that there is a growing body of evidence to suggest that the condition may be caused by a combination of two or more distinct personalities.
The linear combination of atomic orbitals or ``LCAO '' approximation (the LCAO) for molecular orbitals was introduced in 1929.
Globally about 106 million cases of chlamydia were reported in 2008. This is an increase from 106 million in 2008, which was the most recent data available.
Shanty towns have high rates of crime, suicide, drug use and disease.
Sullivan apparently had no idea who McCartney was when he met the singer.
This review found that scurvy is a common and widespread problem in modern society. In modern Western societies it is rarely present in adults. In infants and elderly people, it is most common in rural areas. Scurvy can be caused by the lack of vitamin C.
This is an update of the original review published in 2004. The original review was first published in 2006.
On his arrival, he finds citizens reading public notices warning them about infection.
Infection of the heart and acute liver failure are among the rarer complications.
This review found that hypnotherapy is safe and effective in treating sleep disorders. Hypnotherapy has been studied in the treatment of sleep problems in both adults and children.
This causes pulmonary edema and pleural effusion.
This review found that infants with hypothermia may feel cold when touched.
The term cowpox refers to both the skin disease and the virus that causes it.
This review of trials found that acne is a common skin condition, affecting 80-90 % of teenagers.
As of 2014, approximately 320,000 women are diagnosed with endometrial cancer worldwide each year. 76,000 die from the disease, making it the sixth most common cancer in women.
Japan banned US beef imports in 2003 after the first case of BSE was found in the US.
This is an update of the original review published in 2009. Influenza A has not been reported in pigs.
Hepatitis E causes different histological patterns that depend on the host's background.
In hypoxic pulmonary hypertension, low levels of oxygen in the blood are thought to cause vasoconstriction (worsening of the blood vessels) or tightening of the arteries.
This review found that arterial blood carries oxygen from inhaled air to all the cells of the body, and venous blood carries the waste product of metabolism, carbon dioxide, to the lungs to be exhaled.
The kinetoplastids are a group of single-cell flagellate protozoa. They include a number of parasites that are harmful to humans and other animals. They are found in soil and water.
