The review of trials found that pulmonary metastatic disease was improved in the lung and airways. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There were no major complications. There is no evidence that the lymph nodes have been affected.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There is an independent origin of the left vertebral artery from the aorta. There were no new or enlarging lung nodules. There was no new lung or airway effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The visualized thyroid gland is normal. No new thyroid adenopathy was observed. The heart and Vessels: There is no new heart or vessel calcification. No aggressive bone lesions. The aortic valvular calcifications are severe. The mitral annular calcions are severe and there is no change in the size of the heart or the vessels. The upper and lower abdomen and pelvis: No aggressive bones were observed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive tissue lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to characterize. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Status post cholecystectomy.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are normal in shape. There is no evidence of inflammation of the lungs or of obstruction of the airways. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The great arteries of the heart are normal and the great vessels are normal. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No abnormal growths of blood vessels are noted. There were no major abnormalities in the thyroid gland. The visualized thyroid gland was not abnormal. There was no evidence that the thyroid glands were affected. No evidence that there were any major problems with the thyroid. The findings of this review do not support the use of steroids for the treatment of thyroid cancer.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no obstruction of the lungs or the airways. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There are no abnormalities of the thyroid gland. The great arteries of the heart and vessels are normal in caliber. No abnormal calcifications of the coronary arteries have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The visualized thyroid gland and soft tissues are unblemished.
The review of trials found that the appearance of lung and airways disease is not typical for metastasis. There is emphysema and large lung disease. The appearance of the thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There was no new thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria.
The review of trials found that the lungs are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been identified. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The coronary artery is normal. Mild coronary artery calcifications have been observed. The chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. The aortic valve is normal size. There are no signs of large airway disease, including mild bronchiectasis and areas of mucoid impaction.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Stable sclerosis of the sternum. Remote right fourth anterolateral rib fracture again noted.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is a mild bibasilar atelectasis. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion has been reported. Upper Abdomen: Mild hepatic steatosis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesion. No thoracic adenopathy. No mediastinal mass.
The review of trials found that the right middle lobe of the bronchus had a complete collapse. The left lower lobe had a persistent bronchiectasis and parenchymal destruction. The right lung base had a continuous loss of volume. There was no evidence of lung obstruction. The heart was normal in size. There were moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the arteries. The aorta is normal in caliber. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The pulmonary artery may be enlarged, which may be seen in high blood pressure. There is no pericardial effusion. No pneumothorax is noted. No aggressive bone disease is noted in the right lung. The evidence is current to 5/22/2019. Ultrasound and possible biopsy is recommended.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway effusion. No pleural effusion was observed. No pneumothorax was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Small amount of emphysema was observed along the right lateral chest wall. No pericardial effusion occurred. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aorta measures 39 mm. The left IJ central line tip ends at the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Small pneumomediastinum. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions were observed.
This review found that lung and airway metastases were stable, but there was a small increase in the number of pleural effusions. There was no evidence that the heart had changed size. However, there were some abnormalities in the thoracic spine. There is a small hiatal hernia. The blood pool was low, suggesting that it may be low blood pressure. There were no signs of anemia. The heart appears to be normal in size. There are multiple chest wall subcutaneous masses, some demonstrating growth, for instance an anterior scapular mass (3.1 x 2.4 cm) measuring 3.1 cm larger than previously 2.2 cm larger, and a left upper lobe mass measuring 8.8 x 5.5 cm. The right lower paratracheal node (1 cm) measures 1.1cm larger than the left lower lobe (1.5cm) and there is a right thyroid punctate calcification. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring up to 3.8 cm.
The review of trials found that the lung and airways appear to be normal in size and that the aortic valve is still intact. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels appear normal.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Patchy opacities in the right lung may be on the basis of pneumonia or aspiration. No pleural effusion. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Severe centrilobular emphysema in the left lung. A right chest tube terminates posteriorly directed to the apex. A second tube (the SVC) terminates at the right base. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measured 42 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No extraluminal leak of contrast. Thyroid: Thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Post radiation changes in the left upper lobe from prior radiation therapy. No pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. The aorta measures 41 mm, similar to prior. No pericardial effusion. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No new or worsening nodules, but lymph nodes may have been affected. The right thyroid gland appears to be normal. The left lower lobe has a thin-walled cyst (4:132). No aggressive disease of the lung or the airway is noted. No changes to the left anterior chest wall, better evaluated on concurrent MRI of the chest. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No new adenopathy. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Mildly enlarged left axillary lymph node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis diameter, was found in the right upper lobe, stable back to 5/2021 and stable going back to studies from December 2017. Calcified granulomas in the bilateral lower lobes. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pleural effusion.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a small amount of evidence that there may be some tumour growth in the lower lobe of the trachea.
This review shows that the patient is stable after cholecystectomy. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there are a few small lung nodules in the left lower lobe. The patient is in a stable condition. Sclerotic foci in the right humeral head and T10 vertebral body of the neck are stable. The aortic aorta is aneurysmal to 4.2 cm. There are some cysts and hypodensities in the liver but these are too small to be sure of their presence.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. The heart appears normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately a dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review of trials found that the right middle lobe of the lung and the left thyroid nodules, some in a tree-in-bud shape, and scarring are again seen, consistent with chronic small airway disease. There is no evidence of an increase in the number of patients with MAI. The heart appears to be normal. No pericardial effusion is seen. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion. There was no evidence that there was a change in the size of the heart or vessels. There were no major problems with the lungs or the airways.
The review of trials found that the size of the lung and airways have decreased and the number of pleural nodules has increased. The largest of these nodules measuring 1.5 cm is in the right lower lobe. The number of patchy ground glass nodules in the left lower lobe has increased, with one of these growing in the middle of the right upper lobe. No new noncalcified adenopathy has been reported. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size and the right-sided chest port has a catheter. There is no evidence of an increase in the risk of aortic blockage. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No air trapping is noted. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine are noted.
The review of trials found that the right upper lobe of the lung is still filled with mass and the right pleural effusion is worse than it was before. There is new soft tissue (bronchovascular) thickening in the right lung. The left lung is also still filled. There are new lesions on the right pericardial fat, which may be due to the spread of lymphangitis (cancer). The left upper lung is not filled. The right lung may be filled with fluid and there is new tissue growth in the middle of the pleura. There was no evidence that the left lung was filled. No evidence that there was a change in the size of the heart or arteries. There were no changes in the number of people with cancer in the chest or in the lungs. The heart is normal in size. The great arteries are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Lipoma in shoulder musculature can be noted.
This review assessed the effects of surgery to remove the excess fluid in the esophagus and other parts of the chest. The review found that the chest tube was in satisfactory position. The right chest tube ended at the right lung base. Two left chest tubes terminated at the apex. The transesophageal tube ended in the stomach. No oral contrast was seen in the lung. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. No pericardial effusion. The left lung wall is still clogged, but this has resolved. There is no associated gas in soft tissues. The aortic valve calcifications are normal. The heart is normal in size.
This review of the literature found that there is a new 6 mm nodule (3/40) in the right lower lobe (3 of 40) of the thyroid gland. There is severe centrilobular emphysema, slightly progressed since 2017. No focal consolidation is seen. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion is noted. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. The patient is status post thyroidectomy. Changes from prior lumpectomy noted in the left breast. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Degenerative changes are seen in the visualized spine. No changes in the heart or vessels are noted. The aortic valve is stably enlarged, suggesting a high blood pressure. No abnormal blood flow is observed. The heart and vessels are stable.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the lungs was the same size as it was in the prior study. The left lower lobe paraspinal finding on PET/CT has not changed and is similar to the one in the previous study. No pleural effusion was seen. The right lower lung was the only part of the body to show a change in size. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of people with pleural obstructions. The heart and vessels were normal size. The main pulmonary artery was enlarged up to 3.5 cm. The aortic valve was larger than usual. There were no signs of aneurysmal dilation of the descending aorta. There is no evidence that there are any major problems with the heart or vessels. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The upper abdominal organs were similar to those seen in prior studies.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart appears normal in size. The aortic valves appear to be in normal shape. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The abdomen is better delineated on recent MRI of the diaphragm.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found one study that met the inclusion criteria. This study is up to date to March 2021.
The review of trials found no evidence that any of the organs were affected in any way. However, there were some signs that the lungs and airways may have been affected. The heart and vessels were normal size and the aorta was normal size. There was no evidence of damage to the lungs or the airways. There were no new consolidations of the lung or airway. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were seen. The abdominal organs were unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This review found that the aortic valve leaflets were still intact and normal in size. However, there was a small hernia in the right thyroid gland. There was no change in the amount of blood flowing out of the lungs. There were no changes in the number of pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal. There is no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. There is a small hernia in the left adrenal gland and no aggressive bone lesions. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Mild secretions are seen in the distal right mainstem bronchus and there is mild bronchiectasis. No pericardial (bronchial) fluid is seen. The left lung appears to be normal. There was no evidence that the left lung was affected by an atelectasis. The right lung appears normal. The heart appears to have normal blood flow. There were no major problems with the heart or the vessels of the heart.
This review found no significant change in the size of the lung and airways, or in the number of patients with metastatic pleural disease. However, there is a small amount of evidence that there is some diffuse mosaic of lesions in the upper lungs. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were observed. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common artery are the same. Mild coronary artery calcifications are not seen. The aorta is normal. There is no evidence that the aortic valve is affected. No significant change was seen in the amount of blood flowing through the artery. The bone marrow is still intact. The bones of the lower abdomen are not affected.
This review found no evidence of cancer in the lungs. However, there is some evidence of a hernia in the left upper lobe/lingula of the neck, likely due to radiation. A large hernia is noted. There is no evidence that lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion is present. Sclerotic cancer is unchanged.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus and mild calcification in the left aortic valve are present, but not aggressive. The kidney cysts are present but no aggressive disease is noted.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal lung function. No abnormal lung or airway growths were found. No evidence of obstruction of the airways was found. Thyroid gland and lymph nodes were normal. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications were reported separately. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The thyroid gland appears to have no abnormal growths. No pericardial effusion was noted. Older right-sided rib fracture was observed.
This review found that the thyroid lobe mass measuring approximately 3 cm in size is stable. No new thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. The heart appears normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that the lungs/airways/pulmonary vessels have thickened, and that there is evidence that some of the aortic veins may be enlarged. There is no evidence to support the use of steroids. There are no aggressive bone lesions. However, there is some evidence that there are some abnormal features of the thyroid gland, which may be associated with an enlargement. There was no evidence of an increase in the amount of blood pumped through the lungs. There were no reports of a change in the number of people who died.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion. Stable scarring in the right lung apex: treated malignancy. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial (aortic) effusion: no new and enlarging lung nodules. No new lymph nodes or lymph nodes: no abnormal lymph node growth. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal size. The aorta is 36 mm high. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mild biapical scarring. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Punctate calcifications in both breasts.
The review of trials found that the lungs/airways/pulmonary nodes were not affected. However, there was some evidence that the thyroid gland may have been affected. There was no evidence that there were any aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion was seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion is noted. No aggressive disease of the thyroid glands is reported.
This review found that lung nodules overall decreased in size and density in people with COPD. No new consolidations were found. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the right rib fracture. Heart and Vessels: The heart was healed. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There was no aggressive bone damage. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. However, there was a small increase in the size of the aortic valve and a small decrease in the number of heart attacks. There was no evidence of a change in the shape of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland was normal in size. No new abnormal growths were found. The aorta was normal and the heart and vessels were normal. No pericardial effusion was reported. The left upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree was stable. The right upper lobe had a small drop in the diameter of the tree. Mild subsegmental atelectasis was observed at the right lung base. No pleural effusion. No thoracic adenopathy (worsening of the lungs) was reported, but there was no new growth in the left lung. The esophagus is patulous. There were no new abnormal changes in the thyroid glands. The heart and vessel size was normal.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway changes were seen after radiotherapy. There is a suggestion that the left upper lobe of the left lung may have been affected, but this is not confirmed. The right lower lobe may have had a mild enlargement. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of lymph nodes. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. There were no aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with thyroid cancer. The review authors found that there are a number of problems with the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland again appears to be atrophic. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patient is status post left lower lobe wedge resection. There is a new 1.0 cm irregular nodule in the left ear of the right lower lobe (series 4, image 265). No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 1.3 cm paratracheal lymph node (series 218). Otherwise, no other abnormalities. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course of the aorta. Small amount of pericardial fluid posteriorly. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is some evidence that the right lung wall is thickening, but this may be related to airways disease. The left lung is still solid, but the left lung has a small amount of fluid in it. There is no evidence that this is due to cancer. The right lung is stable, but there is still some fluid in there. Lungs and airways: There are some signs of thickening in the right bronchus, but these are not thought to be cancer related. There are no new left lung nodules. The thyroid gland has not grown any larger or smaller. No new lymph nodes have been seen since the last examination. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. Heart and Vessels: There was some evidence of enlargement of the left atrial and left ventricular vessels. There was no evidence of cancer of the heart or the aortic arteries. There were no new bone lesions in the left lungs. The heart and vessels: The right atrium and right ventricle leads to the left chest wall. This may be due to the use of an ICD. The ICD leads to a stent. The stent is placed in the chest wall of the upper abdominal wall and the right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC/right atrial junction.
The review of trials found that a spiculated mass in the right hilum of the bronchus (bronchus muscle) is obstructing the airways of the upper bronchi (the bronchiadrum). This lesion extends into the right mainstem lung and partially encases the right bronchi. This mass may be a postobstructive pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. There is no evidence for lymphadenopathy. However, there is evidence of a small number of lymph nodes in the paratracheal and subcarinal lymph nodes. The left thyroid gland is not clearly visible. The heart appears to be normal. The main artery of the lungs is mildly enlarged, which may be seen in people with high blood pressure. The kidneys are normal in size. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland has a normal size and the heart does not appear to be affected. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No aggressive bony lesions. No consolidations. Normal thyroid. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries (the main arteries of the heart) and aortas (vessels) of the lungs and heart. Central airways are clear. Moderate to high blood pressure. Upper Abdomen: No abnormal growth of lymph nodes. Moderate blood flow to the heart and vessels. Normal heart and vessel size. Post surgical changes consistent with prior valve repair. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed sternotomy. No new or worsening of pulmonary disease. Routine age--related changes throughout the thorcic spine. Moderate arterial calcifications.
The review of trials found that the left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in the thoracic aorta is unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Central airways are clear. No adenopathy by CT size criteria. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of aortic artery is normal size. Pulmonary artery and heart and vessels: Normal size. Normal blood flow is normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive disease. Routine age-related degenerative changes in bone and soft tissue throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening and foci of distal mucoid impaction (for example right lower lobe 5:286) and new tree-in-bud nodules (5:282) in the right upper lobe and rightmiddle lobe. No pleural fluid effusion. No thoracic lymph node growth. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes growth. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications are present. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic (head of the brain) and left common carotid arteries from the theortic arch (normal variant). Ascending aorta is 34 mm. No pericardial effusion (worsening) of the heart. The right thyroid lobe is heterogeneous. Stable lymph nodes: Stable left lymph nodes (in the right breast) and right diaphragmatic nodes (on the right side). No enlarging lymph nodes. Osseous Structures and Tissues: No swelling of the soft tissues. No fracture of the left humeral head. Osteotomy of the humerus (head and neck) is required to repair the fracture. The left shoulder rotator cuff is repaired. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the lungs or airways. No evidence of lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the neck or thoracic aorta. Mild bronchiectasis (bronchial effusion) is uncommon. No abnormal growths in the upper airways or pleura. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and normal. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The patchy groundglass nodule in the right lower lobe described on the prior study has resolved. Other smaller lung nodules including a 9 mm (1.2 cm) in the lingula (lower lobe) and a 5 mm (5 mm) right middle lobe (middle lobe) nodule are unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been found. The heart and vessels are normal size. No aggressive bone lesions have been seen. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This review of trials found that most of the tracheobronchial disease was benign. However, some of the bronchial wall thickening was noted. The tracheosteum and upper bronchus were affected. Severe upper lobe disease was associated with the presence of large, prominent, and persistent bronchiolitis. The thyroid gland was not affected. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion. Normal course of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No aggressive disease of the heart or vessels. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: None of the soft tissues were damaged.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the brain was stable in size, stable since at least 2007. No new or enlarging nodules were found. The largest mass measured 6.0 x 5.1 cm, the largest and most medial mass measures 6.2 x 5 cm. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that some of the cysts are still growing and some of them have not grown at all. However, some of these cysts have been growing for a number of years and some have even grown larger. Some cysts appear to be growing larger than others. The review also found that there is a large amount of secretions in the trachea. This is consistent with bronchiectasis. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. No aggressive appearing bone lesions are noted. The heart appears normal in shape. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications and Mitral annular calcifications are not seen. No evidence of osteopenia is noted.
The review of trials found that the left lower lobe lung nodule is stable. Some scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules were not definitively seen on prior examinations, for example a 4 mm nodule in the right upper lobe. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, suggestive of high blood pressure. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. A 1 cm right thyroid nodule was again noted. The left chest wall is seen to be intact. A mild compression fracture of T6 vertebral body is stable, but this fracture is not thought to be serious. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, there is evidence that it has been affected by the growth of lymph nodes in the right side of the thyroid. The thyroid gland may be affected by excess fluid in the lungs and airways. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There is no evidence that the aortic valve is affected.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways appear to be normal in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The aortic artery is mildly dilated (32 mm). The left internal jugular central venous catheter tip ends in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No pericardial effusion has been noted.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See recently dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the bone. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence that lung consolidation, pleural effusion, or lung nodules were present. The heart appears normal in size. Few scattered cysts were seen, mainly in the right lung lower lobe. Central airways are patent. No pericardial effusion was observed. No acute abnormality was reported. No thoracic adenopathy was noted.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormalities in the lungs or airways. The heart appears to be normal in size. There is no evidence to support the use of aortic valve calcifications. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No abnormal growths have been observed in the lymph nodes.
The review of trials found that the following parts of the brain were affected. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Smooth interlobular septal thickening and small bilateral pleural effusions. Bilateral symmetric, mostly central, ground glass opacities are noted, with more consolidation in the upper lobe of the neck. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal nodes, measuring up to 12 mm, probably on the basis of congestion. Thyroid: Unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Mild heart and vessel enlargement, mainly left atrial. Mild aortic valve calcions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial fluid effusion. Sclerotic lesion in the T10 vertebral body, probably a bone island.
This review of the literature found no evidence of abnormal growths in the thoracic spine. However, there is some evidence that some parts of the spine may have been affected. The review also found that the thyroid gland is normal size, and the heart and vessels are normal. There is no evidence that there is any evidence of abnormalities in the lungs or the airways.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening, with foci of mucoid impaction. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Large amount of thrombus in the right jugular vein, partially imaged. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid is heterogeneous.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The lungs/airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of obstruction of the airway. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Small hiatus hernia. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the septum of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Prior to cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the bone or soft tissues. Multilevel changes of the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of atelectasis in the right lung. Mild bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease is noted. There is minimal right pleural fluid. A right chest tube is present. A very small right anteriorly layering pneumothorax is present (maximum 6 mm air gap on the axial images). Subsegmental bronchiolitis is noted in the left lung. This is not definitively identified. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There is no aggressive bone lesion.
The review of trials found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected by thyroid cancer. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. No evidence of thyroid cancer in the lungs or the airways was found. However, there is some evidence of increased cavitation in the left lung and in the aorta. The metastases appear to be larger in the right lung. No significant change in size or distribution of lung metastases was seen. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion. The liver and vessels are normal. There is no evidence of liver cancer. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The cancer spread to the liver and to the abdomen. No serious side effects have been reported. The review concludes that thyroid cancer does not seem to change the size of the heart or the vessels. There are no major side effects.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal lung function, but there was a suggestion of a thickening of bronchial wall (bronchial tree) consistent with airways disease. There was some evidence of calcification in the left breast, but this did not appear to be aggressive. No abnormal lymph nodes or lymph nodes were seen. No pericardial effusion (worsening of the aorta) was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart is normal in size. Thyroid gland is unremarkable. No abnormalities were seen in the thyroid gland. Mild coronary artery calcifications were noted. The left breast was found to be calcified, but not aggressive.
The review of trials found that the size of the thyroid nodules in the neck and chest continued to decrease. However, there is some evidence that there are still some nodules on the neck that are too large to be seen in the prior studies. There is also some evidence of scarring of the neck in the left lung. No new lymph nodes have been found. There was no evidence of any new cancer growth in the thyroid. The thyroid is normal size. The heart and vessels of the thoracic aorta are normal size and there are no new cancers. The lung and airways are clear. No evidence of obstruction of the lung or of the airway. The neck and heart are normal in size. No cancer growth has been found in either the thyroid or neck. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The review also found that there is no evidence that any new cancers have been identified. The evidence is up to date to November 2020.
The review of trials found that the size of lung and airways nodules was stable in the most recent study from 2010. The right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 283 is stable in size going back to study from December 2020, however it is new compared to the previous study. There is no new or enlarging lung nodule. There are associated enlarged airways. There were no signs of large airway disease. No new lung or airway nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries, aortic valve, and lower abdominal organs. Upper Abdomen: Unusual changes in the structure and function of the abdominal organs were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No signs of cancer of the lungs or airways were noted.
The review authors searched the medical literature to identify all published and unpublished articles on this subject. They found that there are a number of different types of opacities in the lungs. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be normal. No evidence of aspiration/pneumonia. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph node: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. The endotracheal tube tip terminates in the trachea. The heart chambers are normal. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separate CT abdomen/pelvis examination. Portions of the lower ribs are not visualized on CT chest or CT abdomen. No acute fracture is identified. Multiple old left rib fractures are present. Within this limitation, no acute fracture has been identified.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. No evidence of pulmonary contusion. No acute compression fracture deformity. Central height loss of the T4 and T5 vertebral bodies appear chronic. There is mild soft tissue stranding in the left 3-4, 4-5 and 5-6 intercostal rib spaces, which is likely posttraumatic. The lower thoracic ribs are either partially visualized or not visualized. There was no evidence of a fracture of the left lateral 5th rib. The heart appears to be in normal shape. There were no major complications.
This review of clinical trials found that there are some abnormalities in the lungs, airways, and lymph nodes of patients with COPD. However, these abnormalities do not appear to be serious. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The image quality is limited due to patient's body habitus.
The review of trials found no evidence of air trapping or tracheobronchial wall thickening. Milder bronchial scarring in the left lower lobe of the lung is thought to be scarring due to a previous lung embolism. No evidence of pleural disease. Mild multilobar lung disease is seen in the lower lobes. The heart and vessels are normal in size. The aorta is 38 mm long and the aortic artery calcifications in the right hepatic lobe are rare. There is no evidence that the heart or vessels have been affected. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the thoracic spine. The following findings were found: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mildly abnormal growth in the lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No abnormal growth. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Normal bone growth. Routine age-related changes in the spine.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. However, the cluster of nodules in the right upper lobe of the lung have decreased in size compared to the prior study. Other scattered lung nodules are unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been found. Central airways clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures (bones and soft tissues) and soft tissue (e.g. muscle) are normal size. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine are noted.
The review of trials found that the left lung is losing volume and the left upper lobe is expanding. However, there is no new thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid is heterogeneous. There is a stable volume loss of left lung, with extensive fibrotic changes in the left apex, including changes in upper lobe cavitation. There are no new lymph nodes. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. The right lower lobe has a small number of granulomas. No new lymph node growths are seen. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the lower abdomen. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of bone lesions.
This review found that there are a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules that remain stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis MRI scan.
This review of trials found no new noncalcified pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe of the thoracic aorta. However, there was one new left upper lobe lung mass (4.8 x 4.6 x 6.2 cm) which was found in the lower paratracheal lymph nodes. This mass is still there and has not been removed. No other new lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Small pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aortas. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe coronary artery calcifications: Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cyst. Post surgical changes consistent with prior surgery. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No new bone lesions have been detected. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs, airways or pleura. However, there were some abnormalities in the aorta and heart. The heart and vessels were normal size and the arteries and veins were normal. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland had been affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The abdominal organs were unremarkable. There were no abnormal changes in the bone structure of the abdomen.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. However, there is some evidence that the left lower lobe has a mosaic of calcification. This mosaic is consistent with small airway disease, likely due to the fact that it is not affected by pleural effusion. There is a stable 1.1 cm left lymph node in the middle of the lower lobe. The right lower lobe also has a stable thyroid node. The left thyroid is still stable. The heart and vessels are stable. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. No pericardial effusion is seen. A pacemaker is in place. The airways are patent. Moderate coronary calcifications.
This review found that lung consolidation and volume loss were similar in people with CABG. However, there was a decrease in the size of the aortic aorta, which was not the same as before. There was a small decrease in volume loss in the lungs. There were no pneumothoraxes. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thoracic spine was normal in all patients. There is no evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Patchy airspace opacities in the right upper lobe for example Pulmonary nodules: Some of the nodules seen on the prior study from August 2021 have resolved. New large pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the arteries and aorta. Mildly calcified aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of consolidation of the lung or airways. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications were seen in the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs were normal. Moderate-sized hiatal hernia was seen in one hernia. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the bone. Routine age-related degenerative changes were seen throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the lung and airways appear normal in size. However, there is some evidence that there is a slight increase in the amount of fluid in the lungs. There is also a small increase in pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal. There are mild coronary artery calcifications, but there is no evidence of a blockage. The abdomen appears to be normal. The bones of the pelvis and soft tissue appear to be affected, but this may be due to the presence of sclerotic foci (foci in the bone) in the bones, which are consistent with metastatic disease.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a small number of granulomas (disease-like growths) in the lung. Some of these nodules are likely to be related to the presence of a mucoid impaction. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas are rare. Calcifications in the anortic annulus (a narrowing of the blood vessels) are not common. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes are seen throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that chronic fibrotic lung disease is a chronic lung disease that affects the lungs and airways. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. The review found that the following lung disease features: central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques. Stable 3 mm right upper lobe nodule (5:166). No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable scattered sclerotic foci, probably bone islands. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the lungs, airways or lungs. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There was a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast in series 5 image 221. There were no abnormal bone lesions in the neck or in the thoracic aorta. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size and the aortas were normal. No abnormal growths were found in the thyroid gland. There is no evidence to suggest that there is any evidence that thyroid cancer is present.
This review found that there is a lot of evidence to support the use of radiotherapy for people with COPD. There is evidence that there are many different types of nodules, some of which are very large and some are small. Some of the larger nodules are very stable. There are also many smaller nodules. The heart and vessels are normal in size. The aorta is normal and the aortic valve is normal. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. A calcification is seen in the left breast. The lymph nodes are difficult to evaluate due to noncontrast study. No pericardial effusion is seen.
This review found no evidence of a new or enlarging lung nodule in the right middle lobe. There is a 1.6 cm left thyroid nodule. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion has been identified. Sclerotic lesions on the right second rib are stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review found no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the size of the lymph nodes. However, a trace right pleural effusion is noted. No aggressive oesophageal cancer is seen.
This review of trials found that the cavitary lesion in the right apex is unchanged in size going back to study from July 2021. However, it has progressed in size and is growing larger. There are multiple calcifications and a fluid level within this lesion. There is also aneurysm of the aortic arch, which is a narrowing of the arteries and aorta, extending down to the lungs. The right lung is still intact. No new pulmonary nodules have been found. Severe centrilobular emphysematous changes in the lung are seen. Signs of large airway disease include thickening. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion and no pleural obstruction. Normal thyroid gland size. No thyroid adenopathy. Normal heart and Vessels. No abnormal blood flow to the heart or vessels. Upper Abdomen: Status of the common bile duct. Stable dilation.
This review found that there is no new or enlarging lung nodule in the right lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This review found that there is a lack of evidence for the presence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are a few small, scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules. There is no evidence that lymphadonectasis is present. There are no aggressive lung lesions. The findings of this review need to be interpreted with caution. More research is needed to determine the extent of this problem.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild air trapping on the expiratory images. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No aggressive bony lesions. No other findings to suggest that the lung or airways have been affected. Normal thyroid. No abnormal thyroid gland growth. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of coronary arteries. Mildly abnormal calcification of the heart and vessels. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of pneumothorax. There is a moderate right and small left pleural effusion. There are overlying consolidative opacities with air bronchograms that most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis, however part of aspiration is not excluded. Mildly prominent lymph nodes are reactive. No aggressive osseous lesions are seen. Heart and Vessels: Status post aortic valve replacement. There was a small pericardial effusion of simple fluid. There were no major complications.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction or atelectasis. However, there is some evidence that the lungs and airways may be affected. There is no evidence that there is any evidence of an obstruction in the lungs or airways. The liver appears to be slightly lobular, and the spleen appears top normal to mildly enlarging. The aorta of the heart appears normal. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen in people with hypertension. The stomach tube is present. There are no signs of obstruction of the bowel. No aggressive oesseous lesion was identified.
The review of trials found extensive thickening of the bronchiolar and bronchial wall (bronchial mucosa) which may be related to bronchitis, asthma, or both. There is a 3 mm lung nodule in the left upper lobe. The lungs are otherwise clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No extravasated oral contrast is identified to suggest ongoing perforation. No holdup of contrast is seen at the gastroesophagus. No obvious fluid collections around the stomach. The heart and vessels appear normal. The left hepatic artery has been replaced to the aorta. Normal course and size of the heart are noted. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed.
This review of the literature found that there is evidence that the upper chest tube may be stuck in the stomach. There is also evidence that there may be a small amount of fluid in the lower chest. There was no evidence of aggressive lung disease. The heart size is normal. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution because of the small number of patients and the small size of the heart. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
The review of trials found that the heart size is stably enlarged. There is some evidence that the right upper lobe of the chest is expanding and the left lower lobe has increased. There are some signs of narrowing of the left lung. There was no evidence that there was an increase in the number of patients with a pericardial (a narrowing in the heart) or periurethral (a hole in the lung) obstruction. The right kidney cyst has been partially seen, but is better characterized by CT scan. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. There were no reports of any serious complications. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. Further research is needed to confirm the findings of this review.
This review of the literature found that there is some evidence that some of the upper lobe of the chest may be thickening, but there is no evidence that this is due to fluid leaking out. There is also no evidence of a change in the size of the heart. The patient's heart size is normal. There are no signs of narrowing of the airways. There were no major problems with the patient's lungs. There was no evidence to suggest that the patient had an aggressive lung cancer. The right thyroid nodule is unchanged. The kidney cyst is partially visualized, and the patient is noted to be status after kidneyectomy. No aggressive lesions were identified. The heart is normal size. The pericardial effusion is not thought to be a problem.
This review of trials found no evidence of a change in the size of the chest. The heart size is normal. There is no indication of a difference between the chest and abdomen in terms of narrowing of the airways. No aggressive oesophageal cancer has been identified. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that the trachea is midline and patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. There is a granuloma in the left lower lobe of the left lung. The spleen is prominent but not path enlarged. There are no additional focal hepatic lesions. The heart is normal size. There was no evidence of a pericardial effusion. The left kidney is normal. The visible portion of the spleen contains granulomas. The right kidney has a cyst in the adrenal gland, which has not definitely changed in size since 2002, which is reassuring. This lesion did not show increased uptake on PET/CT June 2012. The liver is normal and there are no new focal lesions in the liver. The pancreas has a fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. The gallbladder has clips in the fossa. Atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aorta of the heart. There were no changes in the shoulders. The sternum shows a number of changes. The soft tissue around the sternum is thickening, and there is a new layer of fat surrounding the sternal manubrium. The spine is not straight. The head of the spine is straight.
This review found that there is no evidence of an aggressive lymphadenopathy. Mild sub-4 mm lung nodules are seen in the left upper lobe of the left lung. There is a stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe. A new small left pleural effusion is present. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. T12 compression fracture with associated vertebroplasty remains unchanged. Mild emphysema is present, but there is not enough evidence to be certain of its presence.
The review of trials found moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging lung nodules. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including a wall of thickening. No pleural effusion or pleothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The size of lymph nodes in the neck is increasing. There are also increasingly prominent left axillary and subpectoral lymph nodes. There is no change in thyroid gland size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary vein is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the left upper and lower lobe of the peribronchial plexus had a near-complete resolution. However, there was a small but stable increase in the size of the left lung. There was also a small increase of bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe. There were no major complications. The thyroid gland was stable. The heart and vessels were also stable. There is a stable enlargement of the main pulmonary artery. There are multiple healing rib fractures. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. No pericardial effusion has been seen. The airways are patent. No major complications have been reported. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. The left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in the prior study was unchanged. The right lower lobe had a small cyst in the left upper lobe. There was no new adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary arteries are normal size and no new abnormal enlargement of the lung. Upper Abdomen: Post-surgery changes of the kidneys were consistent with prior left nephrectomy. Remains of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
The review found that there is some evidence that there may be some obstruction of the airway in the chest. There is no evidence of obstruction in the lungs. The heart size is enlarged. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle appears to be too low to support normal blood flow to the lungs, which may be due to anemia. No aggressive lesions have been identified. There are no aggressive lesions in the lower abdomen.
This review found no evidence of any new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. The right middle lobe pulmonary nodule was unchanged when compared to the prior studies. The left middle lobe lung nodule in the left upper lobe in series 3 image 147 was unchanged. The thyroid gland was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size, and the aortic aorta (the main artery) was normal. No pericardial effusion was noted. Central airways were clear. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland had changed in size. There is no evidence to support the use of a thyroid gland as a focal point for the treatment of cancer. There are no signs of adenopathy. The visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. The size of the thyroid glands is normal. There were no changes in the number of lymph nodes. The number of lesions in the T3, T4, and T6 vertebral bodies, which have increased in size compared to study from July 2021, have not changed.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with thyroid cancer. The evidence is current to January 2019. The review authors found that thyroid cancer is a common and common cancer of the thyroid gland, and is usually caused by a combination of thyroid hormone and vitamin C. This review of trials of thyroid cancer patients found that there is a lot of evidence for thyroid cancer in the upper and lower lobes of the brain. There is no evidence that thyroid disease affects the lungs or the airways, but there is some evidence that it may be associated with fibrotic interstitial lung disease. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is not affected. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion is noted. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Calcification of the posterior mitral annulus is noted in the right thyroid gland. No aggressive bone disease is noted, and there is an unchanged 9 mm hypodense thyroid nodule in the left thyroid.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels were normal size. The lungs were clear. The aorta was normal size, and the aortic artery was normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The spine was normal in both the right and left shoulder musculature, and there was no evidence of bone lesions in the left shoulder. The thyroid gland was not affected.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Findings of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thickening, and a 6 mm left lower lobe nodule are unchanged. No new or enlarging lung nodules. There is a small collection of dust in the right lower lobe bronchus. This is unchanged compared to the prior study from September 2021. This finding is new compared to prior studies. Lungs: No pleural effusion. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal thyroid. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures (e.g. soft tissue) and Soft Tissues (skin) are unremarkable. Stable biapical scarring. Routine age-related bone changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review looked at the effects of the operation on the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bony lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review found that there are a number of small lung nodules in the left lung. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are noted. There is no evidence of aggressive lung cancer or lymphadenopathy.
This review found that there is no evidence of an increase in the risk of lung cancer recurrence. However, there is some evidence that there may be a small increase in lymphadenopathy in the right lower paratracheal lobe.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. There is some evidence that there is some calcification of the left thyroid gland, but no evidence of adenopathy. The lung and airways appear to be unbroken. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been reported. The thyroid gland is calcified. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The aorta is normal. No pericardial effusion has been noted. The spine is degenerated and there are changes in the bones of the spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Branching lung nodules in the left lower lobe which are likely related to airway disease are stable. Stable septal thickening and scarring in the right lower lobe. No new bony lesions. No pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Moderate angina and angina are normal. Central airways are clear. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures, soft tissues, and soft tissues: The mixed lytic and bony lesion of the right fifth rib in series 5 image 220 is unchanged.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland (thyroid gland) is normal in size. The thyroid gland has a spiculated mass (nodule) in the upper lobe of the right lung. The nodule has an interface with the right major fissure at its inferior portion. This is better seen on sagittal images. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. No thoracic adenopathy is observed. Mild thyroid wall thickening can be seen in the setting of GERD. Mild aortic calcifications are observed. No pericardial (heart) effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thicknessening. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal size. No obstruction of the airway. Commonly seen lesions in the spine are lucent lesions (for example C7 and T3 vertebran bodies).
The review of trials found that the lungs, heart and vessels appear normal in size. However, there is some evidence that there are changes in the lungs and vessels. There is no evidence that any of the lymph nodes are enlarging. There are scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been identified. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There was no evidence of cancer of the breast tissue. The breast tissue is normal. There were no reports of breast cancer. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution since there are no mammography machines at this institution. More research is needed to determine if there is a need for mammography.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with metastatic breast cancer who had undergone angioplasty. They found that there were some new lung nodules, but no new pleural effusions. There were no new lymph nodes. There was no evidence of adenopathy. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There is some evidence that there is a new lesion in the left thyroid gland. This is not thought to be cancerous. There are no new heart and vessel nodules in the chest. The cardiac chambers appear to be normal. No pericardial effusion was seen. The central airways are patent. The aorta of the aortic valve is normal. Normal course and size of the arteries are normal. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is diffuse spread of disease in the osseous glands. The bones of the rib cage are fractured.
This review of the literature found that there is a small but stable lung nodule at the level of T1 and T10 vertebrae. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been seen. There is mucus impaction in the right upper lobe. No pleural effusions have been reported. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The central airways are patent. There are stable sclerotic lesions in the neck vertebral bodies of the vertebral body at T1, T10 and T11 vertebra bodies. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: There was a small hiatal hernia. Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings.
The review of trials found that the number of sub-4 mm lung nodules is stable, but the size of the nodule is variable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy, pleural effusion, or lymphoma. However, the esophagus is distended, predisposing to aspiration. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no obstruction of the airway or of the lungs. There are no signs of lung disease. The arteries are normal and the aorta is normal. There may be some calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The thyroid gland is normal and there is no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland. The right thyroid gland has a small but distinct left thyroid gland with a nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size, but this may be due to mucus impaction. The left kidney has a cyst. There was no evidence that the kidneys were affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Bilateral shoulder arthroplasties were seen in 2013. Ultrasound is recommended if not already performed. More research is needed.
The review of trials found that the right middle and bilateral lower lobes of the neck are consolidated with a dense mass of air that may represent multiple cavitary lesions. The right lung and the left lung also have a dense wall of air. In the aerated upper lobes, there is a dense layer of air surrounding the lungs. The left lung has a thin layer of fluid around it. The chest wall is thin and cracked. There is some evidence that the chest wall may be fractured. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. The heart is normal size and the vessels are normal size. However, the heart and vessels are not large enough for normal blood flow. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. The thoracic aorta is normal and the right lung is large enough to support normal blood pressure. The neck is thin but not broken. The lungs are thin and the chest is thin. There may be a large amount of fluid surrounding the chest and the airway in the upper lungs. There was no evidence that there was any damage to the thyroid gland. No aggressive bone disease was found. The review found that there were no serious adverse events.
This review found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland appears to have no abnormal growths. There is a slight increase in the number of lymph nodes in the right upper and middle lobes of the thyroid. The left breast is normal. The heart appears normal. No pericardial effusion was seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were seen. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. There was no evidence of cancer of the lungs or the aorta. There were no reports of cancerous growths in the lymph nodes. The right breast is unblemished. The patient is status post bilateral breast implants status post mastectomy, tiny foci of air in the left breast previously seen on November 7, 2020. The breast implants are still in place.
This review found no evidence of pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. A small hernia is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy is identified. No arterial calcifications are seen. Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications were seen. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review of the literature found that there is evidence that the liver and chest are growing more and more calcified, but there is no evidence that this is due to cancer. There is some evidence that there may be some metastases in the lower abdomen. The heart size is enlarged. There are no signs that the pericardial (pulmonary) artery is getting larger. The liver shows a contour and enlarged caudate lobe. There was no evidence of a change in the amount of fluid in the lungs. There were no clear signs of cancer in the brain, but it is possible that this may be due to a tumour in the oesophagus.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction, but there is some evidence of calcification of the aorta and aortic arteries. There are no signs of cancer of the lymph nodes. The heart and vessels are normal size. The diaphragm and lungs are clear. There is no clear evidence of cancer in the thyroid gland. No cancerous growths have been found in the lower lobe of the left lung. The thyroid gland is normal size and normal in the heart. The aortas of the heart and vessel are normal in size. No abnormal growths in the lungs have been identified. There was no evidence that any of the arteries were calcified. There were no major complications associated with this review. However, there is a need for further research in this area. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for people with thoracic spine cancer.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are no abnormalities in the lungs or airways. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is no evidence of abnormal growth of lymph nodes. The arteries of the heart and vessels are normal. The great arteries are normal in caliber. The kidney mass is partially imaged. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The visualized thyroid gland has no abnormal growth. The heart and arteries are not abnormal. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of obstruction of the arteries.
This review of trials found that lung and airway scarring is common in people with COPD. There is some evidence that the lungs may be scarred and that the airways may be inflamed. There are no new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusions are seen. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There was no evidence of bone metastases in the soft tissue surrounding the heart or vessels. However, there was some evidence of a stable hemangioma on the vertebral body of T8. This is likely to be due to the presence of bone islands in the vertebrae. There may be bone islands along the subscapularis muscle (a muscle in the neck) measuring 4.5 cm, previously 3.6 m, and biceps muscle 2.5cm, Hounsfield unit 11 and 17, without hyperemic borders.
This review found that lung and airway enlargement was more common in the left lung. There was also an increased prominence of lesions in the lower lobe of the spine. There were no pericardial effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The airways are patent. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are no changes in the size of lymph nodes. There is some lingular atelectasis. No pleural effusion. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate report for CT abdomen findings.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy.
This review of the literature found that there are several new lesions in the lungs, but no new pleural effusions. There is some evidence that the left lung may be enlarged. The left atrium is st enlarged. There are new sclerotic densities along the left ribs. The right atrium has a stent. The heart and vessels are stent-free. The aortic valve is stented. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of a pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm which is borderline enlarged. It is not clear whether this is due to cancer or not. There were no changes in lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is stable. There may be changes in the T3 vertebral body. The spinal canal is narrowing in the spinal cord. This may be due to the presence of a calcified mass in the middle of the T8 vertebra, which extends into the spinal canal and causes a mild narrowing of the central canal.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The main findings of this review are based on a small number of trials.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thyroid nodules. The thyroid was stable in the right upper lobe (4:79) and in the middle of the left upper lobe, 4:162. No new thyroid nodule or enlargement was found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The right breast had a biopsy clip in the breast. The left breast had an axillary biopsyclip. The heart was normal in size and the aorta was normal. No pericardial effusion. The aortic valve was normal, but the left chest wall therapy port tip ended in the atrium of the right atrium. There was no change in the number of lymph nodes or the size of the thyroid nodes.
This review looked at the effects of the operation on the lungs, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are moderate pleural effusions, greater on left. There is a small pericardial effusion. No central pulmonary embolism is seen. No aggressive bone lesions. Endotracheal tube is in place. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Status post CABG.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction, but there is a small but stable ground glass nodule in the left lower lobe of the left lung. There is no evidence that this is a sign of lung disease. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There are no signs of lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the lymph nodes of the chest. The breast tissue surrounding the breast is normal. The right breast may have a small 9 mm lesion, which may represent normal preserved tissue. This may be due to the presence of a small bone lesion. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review of the literature found that the left upper lobe of the left shoulder is still solid and the right upper lobe is not solid. There is a small but stable nodule in the left lung. The left lung is still not solid and there is still a small, but stable, nodule. The right lower lobe is still stable and not solid, but there is a smaller, but still a larger, but less stable, drop in the middle of the lung. There are surrounding tree-in-bud (bud) opacities in the lungs. The aorta and aortic valve calcifications are still there. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aortas. No calcifications of the valves of the heart. The breast tissue is still intact.
This review of trials found that lung nodules were seen in the right lower lobe, for instance in the series 5, image 194. Nodules were not definitely seen on prior scans. There is bibasilar atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No bone lesions.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild decrease in right upper lobe consolidation in the area of prior fungal pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid is heterogeneous. Stable left upper lobe 1 cm nodule has resolved. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Older left anterior fourth rib fracture. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive osteological lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No obstruction. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found no new enlargements or pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. Adherent secretions in the bronchial wall thickening. Lateral right middle lobe mucous plugging with associated atelectasis. Emphysema. Bibasilar scarring. Normal course and size of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aortic artery and aortical calcifications were not seen. No arterial and blood vessels were seen. The thyroid gland was seen to be normal. No new enlargement of the thyroid gland or lymph nodes. No pericardial effusion. The left lower lobe of the left lung scarring and granuloma were not shown to be abnormal. No more than one of the two lower lobe paravertebral scarring lesions was seen. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid gland is unremarkable.
The review of trials found no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of lung function. However, there is some evidence that the right lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree may be slightly more prominent than the left lower lobe. This may be due to the fact that it has been there since at least 2010. There is no evidence that there is a difference in the number of patients with pleural effusion. No new nodules are noted in the right lung. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No pericardial effusion has been noted. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Pneumobilia may be related to prior surgery, stable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that the lung and airways appear to be stable. The central airways are patent. There is minimal atelectasis at the lung bases. No pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Three-vessel coronary artery calcification is seen. The aorta is normal course and caliber of the aortic artery. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report on CT abdomen findings. Osseous structures (e.g. soft tissues) and Soft Tissues: Slight increase in metastatic disease of bones, for instance at the T6 vertebral body from 0.7 cm to 1.2 cm, series 5 image 172.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thyroid nodules. Stable scattered sub-5 mm nodules since most remote exam of November 2020. Mild improvement in superimposed ground glass opacities since May 2021. No new or worsening of thyroid disease. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Aortic valve calcification. Upper Abdomen: None. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Old healed left-sided rib fractures. Portions of the esophagus are patulous.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid. However, there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be enlarged. There is a small amount of blood in the upper airway and there is a trace left pleural effusion. There are mucous secretions in the proximal trachea. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There was no evidence that any of the other parts of the heart or vessels were affected. The quality of the evidence was very low. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for patients with hypoattenuation of the blood pool.
This review of the literature found that there is some evidence that some people with COPD may have emphysema. There is no evidence that the disease affects the lungs. Mild biapical scarring is present. There are scattered pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm, in the chest. The heart size is normal. The central airways are patent. No aggressive oesophageal cancer has been identified. Bone and soft tissue are intact.
The review of trials found no new evidence of lymphangioleiomyomatosis. The left major fissure is unchanged. There is no new pulmonary nodule. A calcified granuloma is again noted in the right lower lobe. Multiple left thyroid nodules are unchanged. The heart size is normal. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There are no aggressive oedema (e.g. pericardial effusion). There is not enough evidence to determine if there is any evidence of cancer of the chest or the upper abdomen. Bone and soft tissue are normal.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable thyroid nodules in the right lobe of thyroid gland were found dating back to at least 2015. No new or worsening of existing nodules were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No major coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unchanged left renal cyst with punctate calcification. No aggressive bone lesions. No lung or airway abnormalities. No pleural effusion or consolidation. The central airways are patent. The thyroid gland is stable. The right thyroid gland has a sub 4-mm nodule, which has been there for at least 15 years. The left thyroid gland does not have any new nodules, and the left thyroid cyst remains unchanged. No other abnormal growths have been found. No bone lesions have been identified.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Mildly thickened esophageal wall thickening. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcium calcifications.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules in the upper lobe. The appearance of the lungs is stable since May 2021. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. Mild aortic calcifications. Mild pericardial fluid. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Hemangioma in T9 vertebral body.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are no abnormalities in the lungs or the airways. There is no evidence of obstruction of the airway. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent although evaluation of internal jugular veins is limited. There were no reports of aggressive bone lesions. There was no evidence that there were any abnormal blood vessels. The neck is unblemished. The visualized thyroid gland was unremarkable and there were no abnormalities. The evidence for the findings in the neck was of poor quality. The review found that there are no abnormal lymph nodes in the thyroid gland. There may be some evidence that the left lymph node may be blocked. The right lymph node appears to be normal. No abnormal swelling of the left lung or the left upper anterior chest wall may be due to blockage of the vein. The quality of the evidence was poor. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
The review of trials found that the patient is stable post-surgic sternotomy and has low lung volumes. There is worsening bronchiectasis in the upper lobe of the lungs, which is new from prior and is likely inflammatory. The main lung is enlarged, measuring 3.8 cm, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. No pleural effusions are noted. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The patient is status post sternotomy.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with heart and lung disease. They found that the heart and lungs are normal in size. The lungs appear to be stable, but there are a few scattered micronodules in the left and right lungs. No pleural effusion or consolidation of the lungs. The central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The left-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart chambers appear normal. No pericardial effusion. Mild heart and vessel calcifications. Normal course of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Stable sclerotic foci in the right fourth and sixth lateral ribs.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the left lung, heart and vessels. The review found that the heart appears normal in size. There is a small hernia in the left chest wall. There are mild coronary calcifications. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.7 cm. The right chest wall Chemo-Port, terminating in the cavoatrial junction, is also normal. However, left lung volume loss of approximately 6.5 cm is seen. The left lung appears to be expanding slightly, but there is no change in volume loss. There was a small improvement in the right lower lobe ground glass opacities. There were no changes in the number of lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the thoracic cavity. There may be problems with the kidneys, but these are not serious. The kidneys are not large enough to be affected by radiotherapy. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal. No pericardial fluid leaks from the aortic canal. The aortas are normal. The lungs are expanding, but the volume loss is not large. The airways are expanding and there is a mucus plugging in multiple left lung bronchi. The liver is not affected. No aggressive bone lesions are observed. The abdomen is normal and there are no major bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No pericardial effusion. Normal size of the heart and vessels. Moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No new or worsening of the disease. Upper Abdomen: The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. No changes in bone structure or function.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No thoracic adenopathy. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary gland disease by CT size criteria. Stable changes of the right breast. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Bony metastatic lesions which are similar in distribution to the prior study. Normal cardiac size. No lymph nodes.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchiectasis in the lung bases which is likely related to aspiration. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Normal size of the heart and vessels. No adenopathy within the thorax by CT size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema. No pleural effusions. Scattered bilateral sub-6 mm parenchymal lung nodules, for example 4.5 mm in the right upper lobe (5/153) and 5 mm in both the left and middle lobe, may be a granuloma or a lymph node. Mild bronchial wall thickening. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Diffuse mediastinal, bilateral axillary, inter and subpectoral lymphadenopathy. The largest in the left axilla (1.8 cm). The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Mild aortic calcions including valvular leaflets. Mild compressions of the aorta. Mild compression deformity of T7 and T8 vertebral bodies. Mild sclerotic foci in the bilateral humeral heads, likely bony islands.
This review found no evidence of new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The thoracic aorta is normal size. The thyroid gland is normal. The heart and vessels are normal size and normal in shape. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine are seen.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs, airways, or aortic aorta. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and vessels were normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications were found in the aortas of the coronary arteries. The kidneys had cysts. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were not seen. No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. The review also found that there was no evidence of cancer in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland was normal size and normal blood volume.
This review of trials found no new pleural effusions in the right lung. The previous 7.5 mm right lower lobe nodule adjacent to right major fissures is decreased to 4 mm on current study. The right upper lobe 1.3 cm irregular shaped nodule is new from prior. No new thoracic lymph nodes have been identified. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: Mild left atrial predominant cardiomegaly. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence of abnormal growth of the lungs, airways or blood vessels. There is some evidence that the heart is normal in size. However, there is a suggestion that the aortic aneurysm may be enlarging. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with hypertension. There are severe calcifications of the coronary arteries. The liver is normal. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No suspicious growths or masses are seen. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. There was no clear evidence of atelectasis.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways appear to be normal. There is a small hernia in the left lung. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are mild coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. There was no evidence of adenopathy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Chronic fluid collections in the right pleural space are unchanged in size compared to the prior study. Central airways are clear. No pneumothorax. No new consolidations of the right bronchial stump are unchanged. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Severe calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aortas are not seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of obstruction of the airways. However, there is some evidence that there is a patchy consolidation of airways in the right lower lobe. There is no cavitation. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways of people with COPD are covered with a thickening of the blood vessels. There is also evidence that some of the lungs appear to be narrowed, which can be seen in bronchomalacia. The aorta (the main artery) of the heart is narrowed, and the aortic valve (the vessels supplying blood to the lungs) is narrowed. There may be some evidence that there is a thinning of the veins, which may be due to the presence of blood clots in the veins. There was no evidence of pleural or lung obstruction. There were no signs of lung adenopathy. The heart is normal in size. There are two rib fractures in the rib cage of the left rib and one rib fracture in the upper rib cage. The rib cage is not large enough to break free from the rib and the rib is too narrow to allow the rib to break away from the body. The upper rib fractures are of short duration. The lower rib fractures were of moderate size. The narrowing of the mainstem bronchi appears to be a problem, which is a problem that can occur in people who have COPD. No evidence of lung obstruction was found. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which means that it may be inflating, and there is evidence that the artery may be clogged. No signs of pulmonary hypertension were noted. The arteries of both lungs and the heart are normal. The hernia in the lower rib cage was of small size, but appears to have been there for a long time. The other hernia was of medium size. No definite aggressive osseous lesion was identified. The stent placed in the tracheostomy tube is still in place.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction, but there was some evidence of granulomatosis (worsening of the granuloma) in the right upper lobe. No evidence of pleural obstruction. The heart and vessels of the heart were normal. No abnormal growths were found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the aortic arteries. There was no evidence that heart or vessel growths had spread to the lungs. The left lymph nodes were slightly larger than the right, but had a normal fatty hilum, suggesting benign etiology.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There were no major problems with the lungs or airways. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There are no abnormal calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aortic veins are normal. The left axillary adenopathy is worsening. The right middle lobe of the trachea is stable. There was no change in the size of the lung or the airway. The lymph nodes are growing again. The upper abdominal wall of the abdomen is growing again, but this is not abnormal. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. No major complications have been reported.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild groundglass opacities are noted, for example left lower lobe 3:357. Scattered pulmonary nodules are noted. Aortic and aortic valve calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Severe artery calcifications are noted (for example 34 mm left upper lobe, 34 mm right lower lobe). No pulmonary or airway obstruction. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased number of subcentimeter (13 mm) mediastinal nodes (medial nodes) in the neck. This can be seen as a feature of ILD. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: The sternotomy with intact wires in good alignment. Status post CABG.
The review of trials found no evidence of pneumonia. No evidence of adenopathy in the lungs or in the airways. Mild ground glass opacities with interlobular septal thickening. Milder than usual swelling of the upper airway. Heterogeneous retrosternal fluid, probably due to recent lung surgery, is seen in the common carotid arteries. A known Type A aortic dissection extending from the root to the aorta is demonstrated. A flap of flap of the common artery is seen. Heart and Vessels: The time of contrast is not adequate for evaluation of the arteries. Streak from contrast injection also obscures some of the vasculature. Aortic valve replacement is planned. No pericardial effusion. No phlegmon, abscess or major inflammatory change. The left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads terminate over the right atrium and right ventricle. The right axilla has clips. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires.
The review of trials found no evidence of an increase in the risk of lung disease. However, there was a small increase in blood loss from the lungs and airway. The lung was not large enough to allow the blood to reach the lungs. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels were not enlarged. The blood pool was less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. No serious adverse events were reported. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for patients with this condition.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules or suspicious densities. Improved bronchial impaction at the right lung base. Chronic right pleural thickening. No pleural effusion. Underlying upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial (under the heart) effusion, and no calcification of the heart. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures (e.g. soft tissues) and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the airways or lungs. However, there was some evidence of a thinning of the esophageal wall. Mild scarring in the right middle lobe and at the lung bases was seen. Milder scarring was seen in the left lower lobe and in the stomach. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No pericardial effusion was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: High density material in the gallbladder, probably due to the presence of contrast in the blood from recent intravenous treatment. Please see separate dictation of the CT abdomen/pelvis.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung cancer in patients with COPD. However, there were a few cases of pulmonary nodules, most of which were seen on prior lung CT. If patient is at increased risk for lung cancer, CT in 12 months may be considered. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema were found. No lung cancer was found. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarging, which may be seen in patients high blood pressure. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine had a new pulmonary nodule (7 mm) in the middle of the lung. This is an increase from 4 mm on the study from July 2021 and is new going back to the same study from 2017. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were found. The left upper lung is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and no pericardial effusion was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower limb. The right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC was found to be normal size, as was the left-sided aortic vein. The upper abdomen did not show any abnormal bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is difficult to measure due to the presence of a similar nodule in the thoracic spine, in series 3 image 379. The other scattered nodules including a 4 mm right middle lobe nodule, in image 239, are unchanged. No new or worsening lung nodules are seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the lung and airways appear to be normal in size. There are a few scattered groundglass nodules in the left lower lobe of the lung, which appear similar to those in the right upper lobe. There is no evidence of a change in the size of the aorta. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion. The right-sided chest port terminates in the cavoatrial junction. Hepatic steatosis is uncommon. No aggressive bone lesions are seen.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. Mild coronary calcifications were noted in the right pulmonary artery. The thyroid gland is nodular. Stable small hiatal hernia was observed. No pleural effusions were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart and vessels appear normal in size.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with COPD. The evidence is current to 1/11/2019. In this review, they found that there were many stable 4 mm pulmonary nodules in the lungs, some in a tree-in-bud pattern, and some in the left lower lobe. There was no evidence that the lung or airways were blocked. There is mild bibasilar air trapping. No pleural effusion was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The heart appears normal in size. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. The arteries of the heart and vessels appear to be normal. There were no signs of adenopathy. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate, depending on the type of COPD and the severity of the disease.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway disease. However, there were some findings of large changes in the lower lobes of the lungs. The findings of the study from September 2017 are similar to those of the studies from 2017. There was no evidence that the lung or the aorta were affected. The heart and vessels were normal size. There were no abnormalities in the thyroid gland. The liver was normal size and the kidneys were normal. No abnormalities were found in the liver or the thyroid glands. The thyroid gland did not show any abnormalities. No abnormal growths were seen in the heart or the vessels. The aortas and lungs were clear. No evidence of obstruction of the airways was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine were observed.
The review of trials found that the endotracheal tube was in satisfactory position. There is a small persistent known leak with air tracking from the esophagus to the mediastinum. There are no major complications. No significant amount of air in the lung or the airway to suggest necrotizing infection. The right chest tube is at the right base. Two left chest tubes are at the top. The transesophageal tube is in the stomach. The aortic valve is in normal position. The heart is normal in size. No major complications have been reported. No pericardial drainage has been noted. The left lung and airway are in a satisfactory position, but there is small fluid leaking from the left lung into the pleural space. This is likely to be an inflammatory event. No drainable collection or abscess is noted. No thoracic adenopathy. The chest wall of the stomach is thin and cracked. Subcutaneous (under the skin) air leaks from the right lung and into the left chest wall. This may be due to the indwelling chest tube.
This review of studies found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable changes consistent with prior bilateral upper lobectomy. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bony lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed sternotomy. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodule. No more or less swelling of the lung. Normal thyroid gland size. Bilateral breast implants in place. Upper Abdomen: The visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are normal size and there is no evidence of lung damage. However, there is a slight enlargement of the left fissure in the left upper lobe of the chest wall. There is a mild increase in the size of the lymph nodes. There are severe calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no evidence that the lung was affected by any of the following: pulmonary edema (pneumothorax), lung failure, or pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and arteries. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable.
The review of trials found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is a common origin of both the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common artery from the aorta. The right is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The left lateral chest wall lipoma was found to be benign. No changes in the thoracic spine were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no change in the size of the thyroid glands. No abnormalities were found in the lungs or the airways. The central airways are patent. No abnormal swelling of the lung or in the pleura is noted. The visualized thyroid gland appears to be normal.
The review of trials found that aortic valve calcification is a problem that affects the flow of blood from the lungs to the lungs and the airways. This problem can lead to obstruction of the lungs, airways, and heart. The review also found that there is a lot of fluid in the lungs/airways. Large amount of secretions in the trachea. Small, right greater than left pleural effusions with a passive atelectasis at the lung bases. Mildly thickening of the septal muscle. No pericardial effusion. Scattered areas of linear subsegmental narrowing of the aorta. No significant narrowing at the base of the lung. No major narrowing in the heart or vessels. Large, but not severe, calcification of the main artery in the left lung. The main artery is 35 mm long. The major vein in the right lung is 40 mm long and the main arteries in the chest are 35 mm in length. The left lung drains in place. The right lung drains out of the chest drain. The pulmonary artery drains into the right atrium and the left atrium. The arterial drain is in place in both the right and left lung and the arterial catheters are in the atria. The outflow cannula (valve-assist device) is in the artery. This device is a biventricular device that allows the blood to flow through the veins and into the lungs. It is placed in the pulmonary artery. The a few times a day. It has been used to assist in the treatment of people with heart and blood vessels. The device has not been used in this type of heart and vessels.
The primary lesion in the right upper lobe is unchanged measuring 5.3 x 2.7 cm in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic lymph node adenopathy. There are no new or worsening pulmonary nodles. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The aorta is normal in size and there are no calcifications of the aortic arteries. There is no pericardial effusion. There were no calcification of the coronary arteries. The kidney is normal and there were no new calcifications. There was no aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see a separate dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis. Both were performed on the same day.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. There is a large left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis. Thickening of the pleura is also observed. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. The central airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. There are multiple abdominal varices. Normal course and caliber of the aorta is seen. A right IJ dialysis catheter ends in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: Status post Roux-en-Y gastric bypass. Status post cholecystectomy.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. There is no pericardial effusion. The great arteries are normal in caliber. The left vertebral artery originates from the aorta. The right lung base density is stable. There were no changes in the number of lymph nodes. There was no change in the amount of blood flowing through the lungs. The heart and Vessels: The heart has normal blood flow through the arteries. The arteries have normal size. The vessels are of moderate to high density. The coronary arteries are of normal size and the great vessels are normal. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Biapical scarring. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 3 mm right upper lobe pulmonary nodule. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures (bones and soft tissues): No aggressive disease. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine. Healed rib fractures.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways of patients with COVID pneumonia are affected. There is bronchiectasis in the upper lobe of the lungs. There are problems with the lining of the airways and there is a small amount of fluid in the left pleural cavity. The heart is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The main pulmonary arteries are enlarged measuring 3.7 cm, suggestive of high blood pressure. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. The upper abdominal wall is not affected. The central airways are patent. No pericardial effusion is seen. No serious adverse events are reported.
The review of trials found no evidence of endobronchial scarring. Mild bronchiectasis, predominantly in the upper lobe of the right upper lobe, is similar to prior. Subpleural reticulations are seen in the right middle lobe, same as prior. No pleural effusions. Mild biapical scarring is seen in both the left breast and left axilla. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. No pericardial effusion. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bones lesions. Postoperative changes in the breast and the right axilla are not significant. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal. Mild coronary artery calcification.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. There is a new cluster of peribronchial ground glass opacities in the left lower lobe (4/239) of the left lung and one more in the upper lobe. There are mild biapical emphysema (e.g. paraseptal) and pleural effusion (elevation of airways). The spleen is st enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was a remote compression deformity of T6 vertebral body, and a healed sternal fracture. Multiple left-sided ribs remote healed fractures were seen. Partially visualized cervical metallic hardware is present. The heart appears normal. No pericardial effusion was seen. There were mild coronary calcifications. Embolization coils were seen on the upper abdomen. The thoracic adenopathy was not seen. The liver and vessels were normal.
The review of trials found that the right upper lobe of the lung was stable in size and had a 1.3 cm sub-4 mm sub-dilatation (subluxation) of a subsolid nodule, which is still there to April 2020. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. The right lower lobe was stable, but there was a small drop in size. There were no major complications. The heart and vessels appear normal in size, and there was no pericardial effusion, but the heart chambers were too small to detect any calcification. There is no evidence that there are any major problems with the lungs or the pleura. There are no aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications ( calcifications of the coronary arteries). The great veins are normal. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the lungs/airways/pneumothoraxes/pulmonary vessels were slightly more inflamed and had more fluid in the lungs. However, this was due to the presence of a spinal cord catheter and not to an increase in the amount of fluid flowing out of the lung. A new small pleural effusion was seen in the right lung on the right side of the chest. This is likely due to spinal surgery. The right lung/airway was also slightly inflamed. There was no change in the size of the aorta. The previous secretions in bronchus have cleared. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No pericardial effusion. Cervicothoracic spinal device, status post corpectomy, is still in place.
The review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. However, there was some evidence of narrowing of the lungs and the airways. There was also evidence of thickening of the lower lobe of the bronchi. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There is no evidence that there is any evidence of anemia in the blood.
This review of trials found that lung and airway metastases are more likely to occur in the airways than in the lungs. There is a trend towards an airways process. However, there is no evidence of a difference in lung or airway shrinkage. The heart is normal in size. There are no pericardial effusion or pulmonary edema. The great arteries of the heart are normal. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The visualized thyroid is also unchanged. There were no new lymph nodes or thyroid gland metastases. There was no change in the size of the oesophageal nodes. The right breast of the breast was not affected. The left breast was affected by the presence of a large subpleural nodule, but no new lesions were found. No new lung metastases were noted. The soft tissue of the sternum was unaffected. The breast was reduced in size in the right breast bed. The overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate. Further research is needed to determine the best way to treat this type of cancer.
This review found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways appear normal. No pleural effusion. Mucous secretions in the right mainstem bronchus are seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in sizes. Coronary calcifications and stents. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the lungs, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema is seen. No pleural effusions. There is a small hernia in the left Bochdalek hernia and a small atelectasis in the right hernia. The right lung appears to be normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is no thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There are stable liver cysts, measuring up to 2.8 cm across the left hepatic lobe. S-shaped scolosis is seen on the right breast. There was no aggressive bone lesion. The left breast appears to have a round density within the left breast. The aortic valve is normal. The airways are patent. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review of the literature found that there is some evidence that lung and airway disease is progressing in people with COPD. However, there is no evidence that this is a major problem. There is a lack of evidence that the disease has spread to the lungs or pleura. The central airways are patent. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and vessels. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are normal. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is normal size. No thyroid adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: Normal cardiac size. Mildly calcified arteries and vessels: Normal course of the aortas. No changes in the thyroid gland. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are no abnormalities in the lungs or the airways. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland has been affected by thyroid cancer. The great arteries of the heart and vessels are normal in caliber. There were no abnormalities of the coronary arteries. There was a healed fracture of the sternum. No abnormalities were noted in the upper abdomen or the pelvis. The cancer spread to the soft tissues of the abdomen and pelvis, and to the thyroid glands. The bone scan of the thyroid showed no abnormalities.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are stable and there is no evidence of obstruction of the airways. The aorta is aneurysmal, measuring up to 4.4 cm. The pulmonary artery is normal. There are no signs of narrowing of the aortic artery. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is no clear evidence that the thyroid gland has any abnormalities. The heart and vessels are normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There were no reports of problems with the kidneys or liver. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of damage to the lungs or the airway. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No pericardial effusion was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The right upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree was stable. The left upper lobe had a solid component of the mediastinal windows. The lymph nodes were stable. There was no evidence of lymph node enlargement. The heart and vessels were normal in size. The aorta was normal. The kidneys were normal size and the bladder was normal size.
The review of trials found evidence of fibrotic interstitial lung disease, which is a type of lung disease in which airways are blocked and mucous leaks from the bronchi. The review also found that the heart and vessels were again mildly enlarged. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of heart attacks. There is evidence of swelling of the thyroid gland, but this is not unusual. There were no signs of adenopathy. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. The esophagus was seen to have a thin layer of fluid in it, suggestive of reflux. The main pulmonary artery was slightly enlarged. The ascending aorta measures 3.7 cm. No heart attacks were observed. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this type of disease.
This review found that thyroid nodules have increased in size and density, now up to 1.5 cm in the left upper lobe. There is no solid component on the mediastinal windows. Additional scattered nodules are still present (4:339 and 4:108). The thyroid nodule in the right lower lobe is still stable, but there is some scarring. There was no evidence of a change in lung function. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. The thyroid is heterogeneous. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the breast tissue.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. Scarring in the medial segment of the right lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion is reported. Mild elevation of the left lung. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Large enlargement of the aorta measures 39 mm. Aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcions. Upper Abdomen: Colonic dislocations of the bowel. Hepatic hypodensities are too small to define. Punctate of left renal calculus. No aggressive bone lesions. Older healed right fifth rib fracture.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the lungs or airways. There is a persistent 4.9 x 3.0 x 6.4 cm right medial lower lobe mass-like consolidation (AP by TV by CC) in the esophagus, which is likely to be the same size when it is studied from August 2021. There was no evidence that the cancer spread to the lungs. The heart appears normal. There were no pericardial effusions. The right-sided pleural thickening is similar to prior exam. No pleural effusion was noted. The central airways are patent. There are no definite cancerous lesions in the lymph nodes. The left supraclavicular lymph node appears to be larger than the right. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. No evidence of lymphadenopathy was found. The quality of the evidence was limited by the lack of intravenous contrast.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with small airways disease. No pleural effusion was noted. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Large amount of secretions in trachea. Stable 5 mm right middle lobe nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Interlobular septal thickening and increased reticulations in the left middle lobe. Increased subpleural reticulation and thin walled cyst in the right lower lobe (4:422). Scattered clusters of micronodul densities, probably due to small airways disease. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery disease: dense calcifications in the LAD. No pericardial effusion. No angina. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs, airways or lungs. However, there was some evidence of calcification of the aortic artery, heart and blood vessels. There were no reports of an increase in the size of the lymph nodes. There was no clear evidence of an enlargement of the heart or blood vessels, but there was a slight increase in calcified tissue in the breast.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway calcification in the right breast is increasing. However, there are no aggressive bone lesions. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pleothorax. Lungs and airways calcification are stable. No evidence of pericardial (worsening of the aortic valve) effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Dense mitral annular calcification. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues.
This review of the literature found no evidence that any of the tracheobronchial tree, lungs or airways have been affected. However, there is some evidence that the thyroid may be affected. There is no evidence to suggest that thyroid is affected. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway swelling and mucus plugging were common side effects. However, there was no evidence that this was due to the disease of the lungs. There was some evidence that the aorta (a large aortic valve) was slightly larger than usual. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There were no new or enlarging nodes of the heart or the vessels. No pericardial effusion was observed. There is no evidence to suggest that there is a difference in lung function.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be enlarged. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is a small hiatal hernia. The heart appears to be normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm in diameter. The main pulmonary artery measures 3.4 cm, which may be seen in the setting of high blood pressure. The right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the right atrium. There was no evidence of anemia. The airways are patent. The kidney scarring is bilateral. No evidence of pericardial (under the heart) effusion. There were no major complications.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No evidence of adenopathy in the left tracheo-arynx. The right upper lobe of the right lung has a 3 mm subpleural nodule and may have resolved. Superior segment right lower lobe 8 mm nodule noted on the April examination is not definitive seen and may be resolved. The left breast mass now measures 2.5 x 2.0 cm. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Direct origin of the left vertebral artery from the theortic arch. Lower Breast Mass: Unremarkable. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive disease.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
The review of trials found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. However, thyroid gland scarring was seen in the right middle lobe of the bronchus. The left lower lobe had a small but not significant decrease in size. The thyroid gland in the upper lobe had no abnormal growth. No evidence of pericardial effusion was found. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The heart and vessels were normal in size and the aorta normal course and caliber of the heart. There was no evidence of obstruction of the airway.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were observed. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The heart and vessels appear normal. The aorta measures 40 mm. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
The review of trials found that the thyroid is enlarged, similar to prior, but no new or enlarging nodules were found. No new or worsening of thyroid cancer were identified. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Numerous sub-4 mm lung and airway nodules have been found. The airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Findings below the diaphragm are dictated separately. Upper Abdomen: Sclerotic metastases in the spine appears similar distribution. The thyroid appears to be enlarged, but there is no evidence of a new growth. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathies were found by CT size criteria. The right chest wall port tip ends in the SVC.
This review of clinical trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations of the lung or the aortic aorta have been reported. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic arteries. Moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. The thyroid gland is normal size and there is no new growth of thyroid nodules in the lower lobe. The oesophagus is clear. The soft tissues are normal. The spine is normal. There is no aggressive bone decay.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was a small decrease in the size of the aortic valve in the left lower lobe of the heart. The aorta in the right lower lobe was the same as in the prior study. There were no major changes in the number of patients who had a heart attack. There is no evidence of a difference in the amount of fluid in the lungs or in the airways. There are no major problems with the heart or the lungs. The heart and blood vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Upper Abdomen: Hypoattenuating lesions throughout the liver. The largest of which measure as simple cyst. Left renal cyst is the largest. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed middle sternotomy.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Focal bronchiectasis and scarring associated to the right upper apical scarring. Subpleural cystic cysts, mild subpleural thrombosis and traction bronchilectasis. No pneumothorax. Mildly enlarged lung/airway nodes. Subpulmonary aorta: The aortic artery is mildly dilated (32 mm) which can be seen with pulmonary hypertension. No pericardial effusion. Main pulmonary artery: Severe calcification of the aort and coronary artery. Severe blood pooling in the blood pool is less than in the myocardium. Attenuation of the blood pooled blood was less than that of the heart consistent with anemia. Thyroid: Thyroid is heterogeneous.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. Severe coronary arterial calcifications are present. There is a trace pericardial effusion. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are normal except for a punctate splenic (a blood clot in the liver) that is nonspecific. The aorta is extensive. No acute fracture has been identified. No aggressive lesion was observed. No hematoma was found. The right lower lobe of the chest appears to communicate with an airway, suggestive of mucoid impaction. There was no evidence of an obstruction in the airway. The bladder may be due to instrumentation, clinical correlation is recommended. No bowel obstruction, ascites, or lymphadenopathy was noted. The left kidney appears to be normal. The pelvic ring and the femur are nondisplaced for fracture due to motion artifact.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found that there is a lot of fluid in the chest after lung surgery. There is a small amount of air in the pleural space, but this may be just the result of the patient's own body's habitus. There may be some evidence that the fluid is leaking out of the chest cavity. There was no evidence that there were any major complications. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable. However, there is some evidence of scarring of the kidneys. There are some signs of fluid leaking from the bladder. The bladder wall is thickening, suggestive of cystitis. The right atrium is enlarging. The left pleura is swollen. The thoracic aorta is not dilated. A right hilar node noted stably. Noted old bilateral rib fracture deformities. No aggressive osseous lesion. No bowel obstruction. There were no lymphadenopathy, ascites, or free airway air. A Foley catheter was seen in the bladder wall. Fat-containing umbilical fluid was noted.
This review found that the left lower lobe volume loss with consolidation of the bronchus and right upper lobe have improved, but there is still some residual bronchial obstruction. There is a small left basilar pleural effusion. No pleural or pericardial effusion was found. There was no new acute lung injury. The central airways are patent. There were no significant changes in the spine of the neck. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with mild height loss of vertebral bodies seems unchanged.
The review of trials found that the left chest tubes and the drain are present. The central airways are patent. The heart size is enlarged status post median sternotomy and CABG. There is no pericardial effusion. There appears to be some evidence that the pulmonary parenchyma is thickening and there is some evidence of narrowing in the left lung. The left lung is not large enough to support a full lung. There was no evidence of a lung obstruction. The upper abdomen was examined separately. There were no aggressive oesseous lesions. The findings of this review are based on a limited number of trials. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
The review of trials found that a left chest tube was in stable position. There is a small left pneumothorax. The heart size is normal status post median sternotomy and coronary artery bypass surgery. The spleen is enlarged. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The patient is again noted to be status post surgery for cholecystectomy. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion. The quality of life of the patient is normal. There were no major complications.
This review of trials found no evidence that the patient had a new lung nodule. The patient was noted to have a normal heart size after wedge resection. There was no evidence of any new pleural or pericardial swelling. The heart size is normal. There is no evidence to suggest that there is any evidence of a new tumour in the upper chest. The central airways are patent. No aggressive lesions have been identified. The quality of life of the patient has not been assessed. Further research is required to confirm these findings.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with pancreatic cancer. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review authors identified five types of cancer. Lungs: Lungs/airways/pleura: Scattered bilateral pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm in the right middle and left lower lobes. Mild dependent atelectasis bilaterally. No pleural effusions. There is apical pleural scarring. The trachea is midline and patent. Mediastinum/lymph nodes: No mediastinal, hilar, or axillary lymphadenopathy. The thyroid gland is normal. Heart and vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aortic arch is a left-sided arch with conventional arch anatomy. There was mild to moderate atherosclerosis of the arch vessels and the aorta. Bones and soft tissues: There is a sclerotic focus in the posterior right eighth rib on image 327, series 5, measuring 1268 Hounsfield units, likely a bone island. No suspicious lytic or blastic osseous lesion. There were multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with flowing ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament compatible with diffuse hepatic skeletal hyperostosis. Abdomen and pelvis: Liver: Multiple hepatic metastases, the largest measuring 7.0 cm in the hepatic dome, hepatic segment 7/8, and the caudate lobe, measuring 15 cm, in both the left and right hepatic as well as the left hepatic lobe. The liver metastases are spread in both to the liver and to the stomach. Pancreas: There was fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. No bowel obstruction. No intra or extrahepatic biliary ductal dilation. Spleen:
The review of trials found no evidence of an increase in the risk of bronchiectasis. The heart size is normal. There is no increased reticulation or architectural distortion. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There was no evidence that there was a change in the amount of blood in the chest. The blood pool in the left ventricle of the left lung was too small to be of benefit. The left perinephric hematoma was partially seen. The visualized portion of the hematomatosis appears to have decreased since 10/12/2021. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that the heart size is stably enlarged. There is no evidence that there is any evidence to support the theory that this is due to the presence of pleural or angina. There are no major complications. The review also found that there was no evidence of an increase in the size of the chest. There was no indication that there were any major problems with the lungs or the abdomen.
This review found that the size of the left brachiocephalic vein has decreased, and the right thyroid lobe has decreased. However, the left thyroid lobe mass has increased. There is no evidence of a change in the amount of bone or soft tissue in the neck. The heart size is normal. A small pericardial effusion is unchanged. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the chest is still intact. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The heart size is normal. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. The aneurysm of the ascending thoracic aorta is still present, measuring 4.4 cm at the level of the right main pulmonary artery. There was no evidence of a new pulmonary effusion. The abdomen and pelvis were also examined. Again, there were no new bone fractures. There were old left lateral 5th-7th rib fractures. No new fractures were found. The review found that there is no evidence that there are any new lesions in the chest. There are no new lymphadenopathies in the neck or the head. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that all of the major organs of the thoracic spine were normal size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The heart and vessels were normal in size and normal in shape. The liver and lungs were clear. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. No abnormal swelling of the lymph nodes or thyroid gland. Moderate calcifications were observed in the arteries and aorta. However, these calcifications did not appear to be aggressive. No serious adverse events were reported. The review found that there was no evidence of any major complications.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: Chest port tip terminates within the superior cavoatrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No mediastinal, hilar, or axillary lymph nodes have been found to be affected. The chest is normal. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. No pleural effusion. Exam quality is slightly degraded by motion artifact.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive cancer.
The review of trials found no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions were found. No pericardial effusion. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. The left tracheocephalic tree has a 6 mm nodular opacity (3:56) adjacent to an area of scarring. The right lower lobe has a 3 mm subpleural nodule and a focal bronchiectasis. Tubular branching opacity (in the lingula) in the right middle lobe is thought to represent a mucoid impaction.
This review found that a single, small, diffusely spread sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung is stable. Other scattered sub-3 mm nodules are also stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was a small decrease in the number of pleural effusions in the left lung. No pneumothorax was observed in the right lung. The heart was normal size. No pericardial effusion was observed. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications were seen in the coronary arteries and aorta. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the thoracic spine. There is no evidence of any cancer of the thyroid gland. There are no major side effects.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidation of lung nodules were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels are normal size. Pulmonary artery is normal size and the thyroid gland is normal. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid gland size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an update of a previous version of this review. The original review was published in 2010. This update has been updated with a new version of the original.
This review shows that lung cancer has spread to the lungs, heart and vessels. There is a marked worsening of new and enlarging pulmonary nodules, for example, a peripheral left lung nodule measures 2.4 x 1.6 cm. New consolidations are seen in both the right upper and left lower lobes. There are new pleural effusions. The esophagus is patulous. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Moderate pericardial effusion is seen. The central airways are patent. The right lower lobe pulmonary artery embolus, the most recent CT scan, is unchanged. There was no change in the size of the heart or vessels. The left main pulmonary artery is worsening, but there is a slight improvement in the left main lung artery, with preserved distal flow. There were no changes in the number of heart or vessel calcifications. The coronary arteries were not affected. The stomach was not affected, and there were no differences in the numbers of heart and vessel calcification.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease, including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild arterial calcifications of the heart and aorta. No new or worsening lung disease. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are normal size. Normal course and size of the arteries. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. The bones and soft tissues of the abdomen are normal. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal course and size of the thoracic artery. No consolidation of the lung and airways. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: see separate CT scan for findings below the level of the diaphragm. No abnormal bone growth. The review found no aggressive bone growth or bone loss in the upper abdomen. No cancer of the thyroid gland. The heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Moderate to severe atherosclerosis of the aortas. No major artery calcifications. The right atrium of the heart is normal. The left atrium has a catheter tip.
This review found that there is no evidence of abnormal blood flow from the lungs into the chest. However, there is evidence of calcification of the aortic valve (valve calcification) in the heart. There is no aggressive angina. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: There is bibasilar consolidations, scarring/atelectasis, and reticular markings. There is a small pericardial discharge. Scarring is also seen in the right upper lobe. Lungs and airways: No lung disease. No pneumomediastinum. Upper Abdomen: Status post gastric banding. The distal esophagus is fluid-filled, the mid and upper esophages are collapsed, and there is a mild esophageal wall thickening. The heart is enlarged. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No cancer of the lymph nodes. Multiple subcentimeter left thyroid nodule present. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears enlarged.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. The lungs are clear. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Mild changes in the aorta are likely to be due to changes in coronary artery atherosclerotic processes. The kidneys are shrunken and atrophied. The right adrenal calcification is likely from remote inflammatory or hemorrhagic process. There are no aggressive bone lesions. There is stable dextroscroscoliosis.
This review of trials found that COVID pneumonia has improved since prior exam of October 26. The fluid component of the fluid has decreased since prior. The left-sided chest tube has also decreased. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been affected. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular (centre of the lung) and paraseptal (head) emphysema. Mild aortic calcifications. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. No pericardial effusion. No new or enlarging nodules were seen outside the radiation field. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is unremarkable. Stable left apical (middle of the neck) micronodules (3:70,95). Mediastinum/Lymph node: No new and enlarging thyroid nodule outside the radiological field. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Other tissues: Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body.
This review of clinical trials found that there were no new or enlarging lung nodules, but there were a few fissures along the middle lobe of the lung. These are likely to be lymph nodes, which are a common occurrence in people with thyroid disease. There was no change in the size of the thyroid gland. The heart and vessels were normal size. The lung was normal size and the aortic aorta was normal. The abdominal organs were similar. There were no aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high.
This review found that the right upper lobe of the right lung has slightly increased in size. This is an irregular nodule that is spread throughout the lung and shows no signs of lymphadenopathy. The left lower lobe also has a small but stable nodule. Mild emphysema is present. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review of the literature found no evidence that any of the thoracic organs were affected by cancer. However, there were a few small, scattered nodules in the lung, which may be due to the presence of pleural fluid in the lungs. There was no evidence of cancer of the lymph nodes. The thyroid gland was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size, and the aorta (a blood vessel) was normal in size. There were no abnormal changes in the bone structure of the neck. The abdominal organs were normal. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No abnormal changes were seen in the thyroid gland.
This review found that the heart is enlarged. There is evidence that there is an increase in coronary artery calcification and lymphadenopathy, but there is no evidence that this is due to the presence of an aggressive lesion.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Patchy bilateral consolidations of the right lung. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with stable thyroid nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: The vision of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures (e.g. muscle, blood vessels) and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the bone. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
The review of trials found that the lungs/airways/Pleura were unchanged, but there was a small increase in the number of pleural effusions. There were no major problems with the lungs. There was a slight improvement in the right lung, but the left lung was unchanged. The left lung had a smaller pericardial effusion. The right lung was larger than the left, and the left was smaller. The heart and vessels were larger, and there was an enlargement of the heart. The upper lung was smaller than the lower lung. There is no evidence of aggressive bone lesions. The breast glandular tissue surrounding the left breast was thickening, and overlying skin thickening. The chest wall was stuck, worse from prior treatment. Interval placement of loop recorder in the left chest wall. There are severe coronary calcifications. No serious bone lesions have been found. The central airways are patent.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary nodules including a 7 mm right middle lobe nodule in series 5 image 202 are unchanged and stable going back to the prior study and stable for at least one additional year. No new consolidations. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Normal thyroid. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Normal heart and vessel size. Mildly calcified calcifications in the coronary artery. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that the number of lung nodules in the lower lobe was stable. Mild emphysema was noted in the left lower lobe. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is no evidence that lymph nodes in the right lung have spread to the lungs.
The review of trials found that people with COPD have a greater risk of developing lung, airway, and heart problems than those who do not have COPD. However, the evidence is not strong enough to draw any firm conclusions. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs (lower lobe) and airways (upper lobe) have thickened, and the lower lobe is the most affected. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly (heart) enlargement, mainly left ventricular, is seen in the upper lobe. Large hiatus hernia. Aortic ossifications. Ascending aorta has 37 mm. LAD and LCx stents stents. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the diaphragm. Stable changes consistent with prior esophagectomy.
The review of trials found that peripheral reticulations in both lungs have been slightly increased. There is no evidence of an increase in the risk of lung cancer. However, lymphadenopathy has been found in the para-para-thoracic lymph nodes. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive lung cancer is seen.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes two new reports. The original review found that there is no new evidence of a new lung cancer. There is mild interstitial edema with background centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. A small left pleural effusion has decreased. Adjacent atelectasis is noted in the left lower lobe. Prominent mediastinal lymph nodes are stable. The heart is enlarged. Sclerotic foci scattered throughout the ribs and spine are stable, presumably metastases. The patient is status post left breast reconstruction. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review found that lung and airway nodules were similar in size and distribution to those in the prior study. There is increasing scarring in the right upper lobe of the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The right lung is normal size and the aorta is normal. The heart and vessels are normal size. Severe calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are not seen. The left lung is clear. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is normal thyroid size. No evidence of thyroid cancer is found. There was no evidence of a difference in the size of the thyroid gland in the previous study. However, there was an increase in scarring on the right side of the left lung. This was due to prior radiotherapy therapy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Right-sided renal cyst. Evaluation of the abdominal organs is limited by low dose technique. No aggressive bone lesions. No thyroid gland abnormalities. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review found no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Fat necrosis is again noted in the anterior upper abdomen. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
The review of trials found no new lung or airway nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Lower Abdomen: No new pulmonary nodules in the upper abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive cancer. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Confluent centrilobular (lungs and airways) emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease (worsening of bronchial wall) including a thinning of the lung wall. Signs small airways disease (clusters of nodules) including in the right upper lobe. There is a new 6 mm right arm nodule. The 1.3 cm groundglass (left arm) nodule in the superior segment left lower lobe is unchanged going back to studies from July 2020. Other Scattered pulmonary nodules measuring 4 mm or less are unchanged. No pleural (pneumothorax) effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery size is normal. Moderate heart and vessel calcifications. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Coronary and aortic mild calcifications including aorticular valve leaflets were observed. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Stable post radiation changes in the right upper and middle lobes. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Focal bronchiectasis and a mucoid impaction are likely to be related to airways disease. Clusters of micronodules likely related to pleural disease for example in the left upper lobe (4:167,181) and the inferior lingula(4:267) and left lower lobe (3:289). No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the aortic valve). Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Coronary artery (aortic valves): No calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Left renal cysts. Osseous structures: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway enlargement. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. However, there were some changes in the right shoulder.
This review of the available evidence shows that the left upper lobe of the left lung has a tree-in-bud shape and is likely to be infected. There are no clear signs of lung consolidation. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions are seen. The heart is globally enlarged. No pericardial effusion is present. Biventricular aortic infarction (AICD) is present, but the heart does not appear to be in distress. No aggressive bone lesions are seen, but there is no evidence of bone metastases.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are a few small lung nodules in the right lung. These are stable and do not appear to have spread to the rest of the lung.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the heart appears to be normal. The left lower lobe has a small hernia. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets are suspected in the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries, but a finding of filling defect of thromboembolism (defect of the artery wall) is suspected.
This review of the literature found no evidence of abnormal growth of lung or airway tissue. However, there is some evidence of a thickening of the airway wall in the left lung. This may be due to the radiotherapy. There is also some evidence that the right lung is getting smaller. The right axillary node has decreased and now measure up to 1 cm. No pericardial effusion. The thyroid gland is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No abnormal growths of lymph nodes or thyroid glands have been identified. The left breast radiotherapy port tip is still in the SVC.
This review shows that a single large right lower lobe lung nodule remains stable. Mild bronchiectasis with mucous plugging is again noted in the lingula. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe mixed centrilobular paraseptal (elevation) emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease, including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. The 1.9 cm (in the left upper lobe) nodule is still there and there is a new 5 mm nodule in the right upper lobe. Other scattered lung nodules are unchanged. No pleural effusion. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. The aortic valve is normal. Severe coronary artery calcifications: calcifications of the coronary arteries (aortic valves) and aortas. Calcifications of coronary artery valve. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the thorACic spine. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that a central tracheobronchial tree with patent roots is forming in the left lung. This tree is growing in the upper lobe of the lung and spreading out to the rest of the bronchus. The left upper lobe has a new subpleural (subjunctive) nodule. This is a spiculated (spiculated) spindle shaped nodule, now 1.6 x 0.7 cm, previously 1.7 x 1.1 cm. New superior segment left lower lobe (5 and 3 mm nodules 5:59). New patchy and tree-in-bud (4:85) opacities in the lower lobe and an adjacent 4 mm nodule 4:85. Further interval decrease in a left upper lung spiculate (spill-over) spleure (1.6 mm) and a superior segment (5.3 mm) of the left upper bronchial nodule (5:59) is continuing. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Decreased confluent soft tissue opacity adjacent to the hilum and decreased adenopathy. Subcarinal nodes measure up to 1 cm as on prior exam. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerosis of the right 10th rib.
The review of trials found no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there is some evidence that some parts of the lungs and airways may be thinning. These findings likely represent mild pulmonary edema. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The review also found that there is no evidence that the thyroid gland has been affected.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. New clusters of micronodules in the right upper lobe (for example 7:143, 7:219) and left upper lobe, for example 5:117 and 142, are new. New 2 mm nodule in the left middle lobe (7:219). Stable 4 mm left lower lobe nodule. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Left aortic arch with an aberrant right subclavian artery with retroesophageal course. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thyroid nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper abdominal wall therapy port tip ends in the SVC. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive cancer lesions.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a small amount of mucous secretions in the trachea, extending into the right lower lobe branches. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Nodular pleural thickening in both lobes. Heart and Vessels: Status post ascending aorta replacement. Heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Descending aortas measure 35 mm. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. Urinary ductus arteriosus (UJ) is in place. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube in place and intact. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules in the lower lobe. However, fibrotic lung disease was noted in the upper lobe. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Mild consolidation of the aortic valve leaflets is also noted. No new thoracic adenopathy was found. No pericardial effusion was noted. Mild coronary calcifications were noted. There was no evidence of aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the literature found that the size of the mass in the lung has increased with time. The mass now measures 4.4 x 1.2 cm in the left upper lobe and 2.2 x 2.3 cm on the left side of the pericardium. These parts of the lung have retracted from contact with the left major fissure but maintain continuity with the anterior pleural surfaces and the left aspect of the pleural surface. A 1.1 cm left apical nodule is stable (5:66). The left inferior lingula nodule now measures 1.7 x 0.8 cm, previously 2.0 x 1 cm. It has retracted from the adjacent lung surface. The right upper lobe 1.9 cm spiculated groundglass nodule with 7 mm solid component is unchanged (allowing for differences in measurement). Stable right upper and left inferior angina pectoris nodule remains inseparable from the mass. Subcarinal adenopathy is similar to prior exam. Small left pleural effusion has resolved. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications have been observed, similar to previous examination. Small percervical effusion is similar. No new sclerotic lesions have been noted. The majority of the esophagus are patulous and contain layering fluid and debris. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The number of cases of calcification in the aortic arteries and coronary vessels remains the same as prior examination. No definite CT correlate for hypermetabolic lesions noted on June 2021 PET/CT was noted.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 1.1 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule since multiple recent exams and present since at least 2007. No new or enlarging nodules or dense densities. Scarring at the lung bases. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid dysfunction. No lymph nodes are abnormal. Clusters of micronodules in the left upper lobe (3:199) which may represent small airways disease. No abnormal lymph node adjacent to the right fissure since 2007. Calcified granulomata in the spleen. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 38 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged right renal cyst. Left kidneys too small to be able to be classed as 'hypodensities'.
This review shows that the right lung is stable. There is no new or enlarging lung nodule. The right chest port terminates in the right atrium. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion is seen. Multiple prominent lymph nodes remain subcentimeter in short axis, for example a 0.8 cm anterior median median lymph node. The left lung is also stable. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: Normal bone lesions and normal bone growth. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected by thyroid cancer. The heart is normal and the aortic valve calcifications are mild to moderate. The pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (33 mm). Severe coronary artery calcification is rare. No calcification of the ascending aorta. Mild calcifications of the aortsic arch are rare. The right lung is not affected. No pericardial effusion. No pneumothorax. No thyroid adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. No evidence of thyroid cancer is noted.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a small but stable swelling of the right lung. Small right-sided pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Stable compression deformity of the T12 vertebral body. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable bony lesions in T10 and T11 vertebral bodies. There is increasing sclerosis and rib lesions in the right eighth rib lesion.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Subpleural reticulations noted in the right upper and right middle lobes from prior right breast radiotherapy. No new or enlarging nodules. Mild bronchial wall thickness. Mild biapical scarring. Stable scarring and/or atelectasis in the lingula next to the fissure. New small right pleural effusion. Scattered sub-4 mm micronodules (for example, left upper lobe 4:93, 109) in the left breast. No thyroid adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly, mainly in the heart, enlargement of the heart wall (mainly in the biatrial area) and a narrowing of the aortic valve. Main pulmonary artery is dilated (35 mm) which can be seen with pulmonary high blood pressure. Aortic calcifications. No pericardial effusion (worsening of the blood vessels). Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomata (granules) of the liver. No changes of the spine and right shoulder. Overlying right breast skin thickening.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Large hiatal hernia containing the majority of the stomach. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Calcific effusions of the mitral annulus. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs appear to be normal. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: None of the organs are abnormal. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine are observed.
This review found that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules that are stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there is a small amount of scarring/atelectasis in the right thyroid lobe. There are no signs of cancer in the diaphragm. A small but stable lesion in the left thyroid lobe is stable. A sclerotic lesion on the right thoracic fifth rib is stable, and a hemangioma in the T10 vertebral body is again noted.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a small number of lung nodules in the left upper lobe.
The review of trials found that the presence of sub-4 mm lung nodules is nonspecific. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are extensive coronary arterial calcifications. No aggressive lesions are seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review found that there is no evidence of an increase in the risk of lung cancer. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. Mild subtle groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe are nonspecific, and may be infectious or inflammatory. There is no aggressive lung cancer in this review.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with aortic or pleural cancer. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review authors found that lungs/airways/Pleura: There is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 198. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis, is enlarged. There is an enlargement of the right lymph node. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. S-shaped scoliosis.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No thyroid gland is abnormal. Normal thyroid gland size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or enlarged lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No abnormal blood vessel size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the bone or soft tissues. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of consolidation of the lung or airways. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm, which can be seen in the setting of high blood pressure. No pericardial fluid leaks from the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Central airways are clear. The thyroid gland is normal. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The aortic aorta is normal and normal. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm is normal, but the lower abdominal wall is abnormal. The heart and vessels are normal.
The review of trials found that there are a few small tree-in-bud nodular opacities in the left lung, right middle lobe, and right upper lobe. Some of these appear larger from; for example the right lung apical nodularity. There is a trace right lung effusion. No pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion is seen. There are no aggressive bone lesions. There appears to be a simple appearing fluid collection in the superior medial right chest, which is 10 x 2 cm transversely x 7 cm craniocaudally. Inferiorly, the chest wall seems to have nonorganized edema, but there is no organized hematoma. Mildly, there is some evidence of blood in the cutaneous surface. However, this is not thought to be abnormal. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of patients who died.
The review of trials found no evidence that lung or airways were blocked or blocked. However, there was some evidence of calcified granulomas in the lung. No evidence of adenopathy of the lymph nodes was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Flowing anterior endplate osteophytes without loss of disc height are suggestive of diffuse bone hyperostosis. Severe heart and vessel calcifications and/or stents are present.
This review found that there are a few small thyroid nodules in the lung, but they are not very specific. Mild paraseptal emphysema is noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy.
This review found that there is a large amount of secretions/debris throughout the trachea, bronchus, and left lower lobe. Mild atelectasis is also noted. There is a 1.8 cm prevascular nodule, likely an enlarged lymph node. Multiple hepatic cysts are noted. No aggressive oesophageal lesion is identified. No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax are observed.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung consolidation, pulmonary edema, or atelectasis. However, a small hernia is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found no evidence of aortic aneurysm or rupture. There is a small amount of fluid surrounding the ascending aorta and the major branch vessels. The left kidney shows normal enhancement in its inferior pole. The right adrenal gland is unremarkable. The pancreatic duct stent is in place. There are no other fractures within the thoracic spine or the rib cage. No evidence of recurrent aneuriesm/pseudoaneurysm, dissection, or rupture, although there is a very small tubular outpouching of fluid along the right anterolateral pleural space. There may be scarring of the right lung. There was a small but not large increase in the amount of left pleural fluid, which may have been due to scarring. There were no major complications. The review found that the left kidney is well-defined, and the tail appears to be well-mended. The liver is not affected. The pancreas appears to have normal function. The biliary duct is still in place, and there is no evidence that it has been damaged.
The review of trials found no evidence of aggressive bone lesions, except for a possible small brain damage in the right ear. No evidence was found of an abscess in this region. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. There was no evidence that the heart or vessels had any abnormalities. The cervical spine appears to be getting worse, with changes seen in the neck and upper and lower limbs.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal cardiac size. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the heart appears to be normal in size. There are multiple new and enlarging lung nodules, for instance a new lingular nodule (1.1 x 1.1 cm) in the left lung. Another smaller 1 cm nodule in the middle of the suture line is stable from prior. There is mild narrowing of the right bronchus (bronchus) from adjacent bronchopathy. Mild secretions are seen in the proximal trachea. No pleural effusion is seen. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is an 8 mm hypodense nodule within the right thyroid. Stable right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm, and a 1.6 cm enlarging right hilar node (a lymph node) is stable. There was no change in the size of the left thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal. Calcifications of the aortic valve are shown. Normal course and caliber of the arteries are demonstrated. There were no major complications. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis, same day. Ill-defined sclerosis in the mid sternum, correlates with FDG avidity in that region.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no obstruction of the lung or airway. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema were reported. There was no evidence that the lymph nodes had been affected. There were no signs of adenopathy. The left thyroid nodule was found to be calcified and may have necrosis. The right hilar lymph node was also calcified. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The upper and lower abdomen were examined separately. No reports were found of bone lesions. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The soft tissue nodularity in the right middle lobe of the right lung has decreased compared to the prior study, but the size of this decrease is limited by the presence of a small amount of fluid in this region. No new pleural or lung effusions were found. The right lung is normal size. The aorta of the aortic valve is normal. The heart and vessels are normal. Normal course and size of the thoracic aortus. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Moderate bilateral pleural effusions. Normal thyroid. Severe arterial calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas have been observed. The risk of death from any cause has not been determined.
This review of clinical trials found that there is no evidence to support the theory that this type of lung cancer is more common in people who have had thyroid surgery. There is a small hernia in the left arm and a small hiatal hernia (hindering breathing) in the neck. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion are seen.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal size and normal size. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been detected. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery: Normal size. Lower abdominal wall of the diaphragm: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No abnormal bone growth. No aggressive thyroid lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy.
This review found that there is a new small left pleural effusion in the left fissure. This is likely atelectasis. There is a 5.0 x 2.2 cm gas-containing retrosternal fluid collection at the inferior aspect of the sternum. Additional pockets of likely hemorrhagic fluid are noted in the anterior part of the brain. A trace of a blood clot in the lower lobe is likely to be hemorrhagic. No thoracic lymphadenopathy (liver cancer) or aggressive osseous lesion (leaking of the lymph nodes) is identified. The patient is status post sternotomy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart appears normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were observed. No abnormal bone growths were noted in the thyroid gland.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the lungs or airways. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The right upper lobe of the thyroid gland had calcified granulomas noted. No cancerous growths were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy by size criteria. Nodular densities in the thyroid bed, likely representing a thymic abnormality, are noted. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive disease of the bone and soft tissues were reported, but the presence of a single calcified nodule (5/299) in the right chest port is indeterminant.
The review of trials found that the majority of lung nodules are stable. No aggressive lung cancer or lymphadenopathy have been identified.
This review found that the right kidney collecting system is still intact and the heart is not enlarging. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in caliber. There is no new pulmonary nodule. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Mucosal and/or luminal hyperdensity is seen in the duodenum. No new lung nodule is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is observed. The patient is again in the same condition post left radical nephrectom, renal but partially visualized.
This review found that there is evidence that pleural effusions are forming in the right lung of people with COPD. There is also evidence that the left lung is thickening. No pulmonary edema is seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that the left thyroid lobe is surgically absent. The right thyroid lobe appears to be enlarged. The left lower lobe is stable and the right upper lobe is swollen. No new thoracic adenopathy has been observed. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been reported. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent lymph nodes, for example 1.1 cm mm lower right paratracheal lymph node (4/192). Stable partially calcified subcentimeter right cardiophrenic lymph node. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung or airway lesions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The aortic valve appears to be normal. The upper abdominal wall of the lower bowel is reported separately.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are normal in shape. There is no evidence of lung damage. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The great arteries of the heart are normal and the great vessels are normal. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, the thyroid and thyroid tissue surrounding it are not normal. The thyroid gland appears to be affected in a number of ways, including: (1) swelling in the thyroid glands; (2) enlargement of lymph nodes; and (3) the presence of multiple nodules (nodulars) in the lungs. (4) The thyroid glands may be affected by cancer of the thyroid, but this is not clear. (5) No aggressive bone lesions are noted. (6) No pleural effusions. (7) The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion. (8) The aorta is normal. (9) The upper and lower abdominal organs are normal.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The lymph nodes appear to be normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical material in the right breast again noted. The previous thymic hyperplasia is not appreciated on current study.
This review of trials found no evidence that the heart or lungs were affected. The heart appears normal in size. The lungs appear to be unperturbed. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were observed. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion occurred. Moderate coronary calcifications were not observed. Asymmetrically prominent right breast fibroglandul parenchyma was found.
The review of trials found that the upper lobe of the thyroid gland was stable and the left upper lobe was also stable. However, the right lower lobe had a new, larger, irregular shaped, subpleural nodule, which was new to this review. The left upper lung had a larger, more prominent, and more prominent subpleuronal nodule. The right upper lobe had another new, smaller, but still stable, irregular shape. The thyroid gland did not show any new signs of cancer. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There was no evidence that the aortic valve had been widened. The airways were patent. No pleural effusions. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Again, compression deformity was seen in the neck vertebrae of T7 and T10. Severe triple-vessel calcification of the heart was seen. Mild calcification was noted of aortical leaflets in the left and right lungs. No evidence of cancer of the lungs or airways was found. There were no new cases of pericardial effusion.
This review of the literature found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. There were a few small nodules of the thyroid gland in the chest. There was no evidence that the thyroid was affected by cancer. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. The great arteries of the heart are normal in caliber. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the arteries. The lungs are normal. The pleural cavity is not blocked. No pneumothorax is noted. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Postoperative changes of the right breast have been noted.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on lung, airways, and lymph nodes. The review shows that lung and airways are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. No pericardial effusion has been noted. The heart and vessels are normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aorta have not been seen in the heart. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No cancer of the thyroid gland has been found to be a problem. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lingula and left lower lobe. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No new aggressive bony lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Main pulmonary artery size is within normal limits. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Tortuous course of the descending aortas. Multiple healed rib fractures. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: Multiple fractures in the mid thoracics.
This review of the literature found no evidence to support the use of aortic valve or pleural effusions. The heart appears to be normal in size. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules were found. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary calcifications Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. The bone marrow density is diffusely seen in the thoracic cage. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: Heterogeneous density of the bone marrow is seen in parts of the thyroid gland.
The review of trials found that the left lung is still expanding and the right lung is not expanding as much as the left. The left lung does not seem to be as large as the right. There is a slight decrease in the right-sided pleural effusion, but this was not seen in the prior studies. There are no new lung nodules. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal. The aorta of the aortic artery and the coronary arteries are normal size and there is no new calcification of the heart or vessels. Bilateral breast implants are still in place. No new aggressive bony lesions have been found in the breast tissue. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. There was no evidence of any new abnormal growths.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The right thyroid lobe is surgically absent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal breast and axillary groups. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Tissues: Unchanged appearance to widespread lytic and sclerotic cancers of the thyroid and soft tissues.
The review of trials found that the right hemidiaphragm was elevated in the right base, and the left base was normal. The left base of the aorta was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size and there was no evidence of any abnormalities. There were no new or enlarging suspicious pulmonary nodules. There was no change in the number of lymph nodes or thyroid glands. The right aortic valve was normal in size. No evidence of obstruction of the airways. No pleural effusion was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The review found that there were no abnormal bone lesions in the thoracic spine.
This review of clinical trials found that there is some evidence to support the use of CT scans of the lungs and bronchi to detect signs of pneumonia. There is no evidence of lung damage. However, there is evidence of loss of volume in the right lung and the mainstem bronchi. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Hepatic steatosis. No pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchial wall thickening and bronchiectasis. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications in the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. Moderate to large sized hiatal hernia. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. No malignant growths of the thyroid gland are reported separately.
This review examined the effects of surgery on lung and airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The largest subsolid nodule in the right lower lobe, measuring 1.4 x 0.6 cm, was surgically removed from the lung. However, this was not found in the most recent CT scan. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic lymph nodes have been affected. There is a small hiatal hernia. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.9 cm in diameter. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable ectasia of the ascending aorta at 3.8 cm. Again noted central pulmonary artery enlargement to 3.7 cm, may be suggestive of high blood pressure. Moderate coronary calcifications and aortic calcifications including the leaflets of the heart. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is low relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The heart appears to be in normal shape. The aorta is normal size and the aortic valve is in normal position. There is no evidence to support the presence of aorticular adenopathy by size criteria.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: New pleural effusions and adjacent atelectasis. New peribronchial bilateral pleural opacities. New upper lobe groundglass (a type of opacity) may be seen in the setting of atypical infection. New lower lobe pleural pleural oedema. New middle ear (middle ear) enlargement. Subacute fractures of right fourth through sixth ribs. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Three-vessel coronary calcifications. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous and soft tissues: No aggressive disease.
This review found that lung function improved in the left upper lobe of the bronchus. There was no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. However, there was a small decrease in the size of the left lower lobe tree in the bud. There is a small improvement in the upper bronchial wall thickness. The left lung is still too large to be considered to be stable. The right lung is too small to be of benefit. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The aortic valve calcification was reported separately. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcification, aorto-arterial and aortico-ventricular calcification were not reported.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging solid lung nodules. However, there was an increase in the presence of calcified granulomas in the right lung. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications were seen in both the left and right chest. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion was reported separately.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thoracic adenopathy. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. No new or worsening lung nodules. Mild aortic valvular calcifications. Moderate coronary calcification. The heart and vessels appear to be normal. There is a filling in the middle of the aorta (lung) branch (5/228). Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Heterogeneous insides of the thyroid cage with widespread, faintly visualized lytic and sclerotic lesions. These are compatible with metastases. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thyroid nodules. Mild upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema was observed. No pleural effusion or lung wall thickening. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aortic valve calcifications were not seen. No calcification of the aorta was noted.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Normal bone structure and soft tissues.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are extensive secretions (pneumonitis) in the trachea and bronchi. There is a worsening of the right upper lobe, which may be a sign of pneumonia, although there is also a possibility that it is due to underlying radiation pneumonitis. Small right pleural fluid is present. There are no pericardial effusion. The aorta (the heart) is normal in size. The arteries of the heart are normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarged. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The lymph nodes: Mild inflammation of the lymph nodes, likely reactive. There were no lymph nodes in the neck. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was damaged. The left breast had a small hole in the left breast wall. The T3 spacer had been removed since prior exam dated 10/21/2021. A surgical clip was noted in the right breast. Osseous structures and soft tissue infiltration: There is evidence that there was some tissue infiltration in the T1-T4 tissues. There may be infection in the postsurgical bed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild changes in the size of the lungs and airways were observed. No new abnormal growths or enlargements of the lung or the airway wall. The heart and vessels were normal size and normal. The right atrium of the aorta was normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications were observed in the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thoracic spine was normal.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are normal and the airways are patent. There is a small hernia in the lower lobe of the left lung. The right lung is normal and there is no narrowing of the airway. There are no pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels are normal. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. There were no major complications.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or abnormal growths. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was reported. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The lungs appear to be stable. The aortic arteries and aorta appear to have a normal course and caliber. No calcifications of the aortas were reported.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. Stable focal bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe which may represent sites of prior infection. Peripheral pleural reticulations in the left lung and the right lung base which may be linked to chronic effusions. The nodular consolidation in the lingula seen on the prior study from March 2020, has resolved however there is a new focus in the lower lobe in the series 4 image 299. The left lung base is clear. No pneumothorax. No lung swelling. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Dilatations of the mitral valve and aortic valve. Post surgical changes of the stomach. Remaining visualized organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the thorACic spine.
The review of trials found that the lower lobe of the lungs was affected by bronchiectasis (bronchial wall thinning), bronchial walls were thickened, and there was a small amount of fluid in the upper lobe. There were no pleural effusions. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was damaged. The heart was normal in size. There is no evidence of abnormal blood flow to the lungs. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The great arteries of the heart and vessels were normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The upper abdominal wall was not affected. No evidence was found of any serious bone lesions. The visualized thyroid gland did not show any signs of abnormal growth. There are no signs of pericardial effusion. The greater arteries and the great vessels are normal in magnitude.
The review of trials found that the left lower lobe of the trachea was stable and the aorta was not affected. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. No pericardial effusion was reported. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. Improved post-surgery changes in the left axilla with less irregular soft tissue opaque since prior exam. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the bone lesions. Atrophic thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new pneumonic consolidations were noted. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is hypodense relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. There is a small but persistent thyroid nodule in the left lower lobe of the left upper lobe. This may be due to the presence of thyroid hormone. The right paratracheal lymph node is slightly enlarged. The thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal and the vessels are normal. The great arteries of the heart are normal in caliber. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Punctate aortic valvular calcification is noted. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The visualized thyroid gland and the thyroid are unremarkable, and there is no evidence of cancer. No lung disease or heart disease are noted. Long term follow-up is not recommended. CT with contrast or PET CT may be considered for further evaluation.
The review of trials found that the left lung and airway were normal in size. However, the left pleural effusion was reduced with the removal of the right pleural catheter. No new or enlarging lung nodules were seen. The left pleurx catheter remains in place in the same position with the tip at the left base. There was no evidence of a change in the size of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aorta is normal size and normal course. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Multiple rib fractures, some with increased sclerosis, are healing. Please see concurrent bone scan. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Known left breast malignancy with overlying skin thickening. Diffuse osseous metastatic disease.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion. No consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid gland size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size, and the coronary arteries and aortas are normal. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are no abnormalities in the lungs or the airways. There is no evidence of obstruction of the airway. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are normal. The great arteries are normal in caliber. The gallbladder is too small to identify any abnormalities. The right lower lobe of the liver appears to be scarred, but this is likely due to recent cardiac catheterization. There was no evidence that the liver was damaged. No abnormal growths were noted in the lymph nodes. No abnormalities were found in the aortic arteries. There were no abnormalities of the heart or vessels. The liver is not large enough to detect abnormal growth. The left liver is too thin to determine if there are abnormalities.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, there is some evidence of scarring in the left lower lobe of the left upper lobe. This is likely related to prior granulomatous disease. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The review found no evidence that thyroid disease has been found in the lungs or the airways.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. However, it is still covered by a thin layer of calcified tissue, which forms in the right lung and the left lung. This thickens and enlarges the right lower lobe. The right breast is again covered by thin layers of tissue, but this is not abnormal. The esophagus is patulous and contains in the stomach and intestines. The left adrenal gland is still thick, but there are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels are normal. Moderate coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion.
This review of the literature found no evidence of interstitial lung disease. However, the visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications ( calcifications) of the coronary arteries. There is no evidence to support the use of the thyroid gland as a focal point for the treatment of cancer. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the left breast. No air trapping on the expiratory images.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe airway disease, bronchial wall thickening, bronchiectasis, and mucoid impaction. No pleural effusion. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcifications in the right and left lymph nodes. No new adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries, and aortas. The cystic mass in the mid upper abdomen is not clearly seen and appears similar to the prior studies. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. The review found no evidence of bone disease in the lower limbs. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that the thyroid nodules were not significantly changed in size. However, there is a small subcentimeter of a single nodule in the right thyroid gland. This may be due to the presence of a thyroid gland enlargement. There is no evidence of a change in the size of the thyroid gland itself. The heart is normal in size and the aorta is normal. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion was noted. Mild coronary artery calcifications were noted. The liver is too small to be sure of its function. Simple left renal cyst was observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine have not been seen.
This review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs, airways or lymph nodes. However, there is a suggestion that the left upper lobe of the lung is scarred and the right middle lobe may be affected. There is some evidence that the aortic valve may have calcified. There are no signs of pericardial effusion. The heart is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The left chest wall cardiac event monitor is still in use. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are patent and the airways are normal. There is a new 5 mm right lower lobe nodule as well as an enlarging 8 mm left fissural nodule (series 5, image 237). The pulmonary artery is normal. The ascending aorta is aneurysmal to 4.6 cm in size and the aortic valvular calcifications are mild. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Remote left posterior rib fractures. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland has not been affected by cancer.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: See separate abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review found that the size of the right middle lobe nodule in the chest was reduced by about 4 mm with a small amount of surrounding groundglass opacity. No new or enlarging nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. However, the aorta of the heart appears to be slightly larger than usual. The solid component seen on the mediastinal windows of April 2021 exam has resolved.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic or lymph nodes have been found to be affected. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Anchor suture in right humeral head, status post rotator cuff repair.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart and vessel size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone density. Normal course and size of the thoracic arteries. No abnormal growths of lymph nodes. Normal size of heart and vessels. No pericardial effusion. Mild arterial calcifications. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size and that the lung and airways are patent. However, there is some evidence of scarring in the lower lobe of the right lung. There is no evidence of an increase in the number of patients with pleural disease. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No changes in the thoracic spine are noted. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm in length and the spine is straight and straight. The heart is normal and the vessels are normal.
This review of the literature found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening, probably related to airways disease, was found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separate. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Left breast 10 mm lesion, enlarged since prior exams.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. There was no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. The previously noted new left lower lobe nodule has resolved. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild aortic calcifications of the heart. No aggressive bone lesions. The great arteries are normal. There were no major arteries calcified. The major arteries were normal in caliber.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and that the lungs, airways, and lymph nodes were not affected. However, the thyroid gland was larger than usual. There was some evidence that the aortic artery was calcified. There were no new pulmonary nodules. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion or consolidation was observed.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Complete atelectasis of the right lower lobe and near complete atelectasia of the left middle lobe. In the right middle lobe, there is a new patchy groundglass opacity. This finding is new compared with the abdominal CT from March 2021. There is also a new left lower lobe lung nodule. Pulmonary artery: Normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Ill-defined subcarinal soft tissue mass, measuring up to 3.3 cm short axis, is likely to encase the right mainstem lung. There are no aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related progressive changes throughout the spine. The remaining visualized organs are unremarkable.
The review of trials found that some of these nodules are still growing but no new nodules have been found. However, some are slightly larger than before and some have been slightly larger. There is no evidence that any of them have grown larger. The review also found that there are no new lung or airway nodules. No new pleural nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been detected. The size of the heart and vessels is normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The remaining visualized abdominal organs (e.g. liver, lungs, heart, and vessels) are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancerous growths in the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes. However, there is some evidence of growth in the upper lobe of the neck. The cancer spread to the lungs and airways and into the lungs. There is no evidence that cancer growth is present in the thyroid gland. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities have been found. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta of the heart is 40 mm in diameter. No aggressive bone lesions have been seen. The kidneys are too small to be classified as abnormal.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways of patients with acute bronchiectasis (bronchitis) have been affected by the presence of bile ductus arteriosus (BPA) and pleura. There is no clear evidence of BPA in the lungs, but there is some evidence of a thickening of the lower esophagus. The heart and vessels are normal in size. The patient's blood pool is low and the blood appears to be low. There was no evidence of anemia. The right upper lobe of the left lung (the pleura) is stable. The left upper lobe (the mediastinum) is thin and the right lower lobe (lymph nodes) is thick. There are no clear signs of a hernia in the hernia. A simple appearing left kidney (cyst) is again noted. There were no signs of an obstruction of the kidneys. The upper abdomen (the upper pancreas) has a thinning of the stomach and soft tissues with poor separation. The stomach and stomach appear to be thin and there is a slight narrowing of the gut. There may be some evidence that the right kidney may be affected. The spine is straight and the spine of the neck is straight. There seems to be little or no difference between the spine and the neck of the aorta.
The review of trials found that the heart size is normal. There is no evidence that there is a difference between the heart and the lungs. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuating, suggestive of iron deposition. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There was no evidence of pericardial (pneumothorax) effusion. The liver is normal and the spleen does not appear to be affected.
The review of trials found that the heart size is normal. There is no evidence of any cancer of the chest or of the lungs, but there is a suggestion that there may be a small amount of bronchiectasis in the lower lobes of the bronchi. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the neck or the head of the neck. There was no evidence that there was any cancer in the lymph nodes. There were no reports of any tumours in the abdomen or the pelvis. No aggressive tumours were found.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with COPD and found that there were a number of studies that met the criteria for this review. They found that: - Lungs/Pleura: The left lung is still intact. There is a moderate right lung effusion. The central airways have not been cleared. - Pneumothorax: There is no pleural effusion, but there is some evidence of changes in the left lung. - The right lung is not cleared. Calcified granulomas noted within the right middle lobe. - Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent 1.6 cm subcarinal lymph node (series 3 image 209) is seen. Additional subcentimeter lymph nodes appear more prominent since prior examination. - A 0.9 cm paratracheal lymph node is noted. - Heart and Vessels: A dual-chamber pacemaker has been noted. The heart appears to be larger in size. - Mitral valve replacement. - Coronary artery and aortic veins calcifications. - Upper Abdomen: The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. - Osseous structures: There are no aggressive osseous lesions. - Soft tissue stranding, small skin thickening, and a 1.7 cm nodule in the right pectoral muscle. - Intraarticular loose bodies in the shoulder joint. A right os acromiale (shunt) is noted, which is a shunt catheter is partially visualized.
This review found that the left chest tubes have been removed. There is continued interval decrease in size of left pleural effusion, which is consistent with expected evolution. The heart size is stably enlarged. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The stent graft extends from the thoracic aorta to the abdomen, with the abdominal part partially seen. There are no aggressive oedema (low blood flow) or oesophageal cancer lesions. The blood in the left ventricle is low, which means that there is a chance of blood loss to the left lung.
This review of clinical trials found that lung and airway nodules are still stable, but there is some evidence that they may be growing larger. There is a small hernia in the left lung. There are no signs of narrowing of the airways. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. Lingular tree-in-bud nodules have again been seen, and are likely to be inflammatory in nature. The right lung has a small, stable, and stable nodule. The left lung has another, smaller, but still large, nodule, which is not stable. There was no evidence of narrowing in the heart or vessels. No signs of adenopathy of the lungs were seen. There were no reports of any problems with the lungs or vessels, but this is a new area for this type of lung cancer. Cholelithiasis is seen in the upper abdomen. A large, dense mass of muscle surrounding the sternum is seen. A right sternalis muscle is seen, stranding overlying the right shoulder. There appears to be a lack of damage to the soft tissues of the upper thoracic spine, sternum, and bilateral ribs.
The review of trials found that the left upper lobe wedge resection of the chest wall of the aortic valve was successful. There is a 9 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, an increase from 3 mm on prior examination. No pleural effusion was noted. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Gynecomastia noted. Postsurgical changes in the left lateral chest wall.
The review of trials found that the lungs are clear. There are small pleural effusions, right greater than left, with dependent atelectasis of the left lower lobe. There is no pericardial effusion. The heart size is normal. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the chest. There were no aggressive oesophageal cancerous lesions. The upper abdomen and pelvis were examined separately. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. The findings of this review are inconclusive.
The review of trials found that the size of the nodules in the upper lung and in the airways has decreased. No new nodules have been identified. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening has been observed. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been found. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta appears to be normal. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Similar T12 vertebral body defects have been seen in the neck and spine. Older rib fractures have been reported.
This review found that the number of lymphadenopathy nodules in the lung remains stable, but there is no evidence of an increase in lung swelling. There is a lack of evidence of a change in the size of the nodules.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Several tiny lung nodules are stable. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or lung effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: There is a right-sided biventricular ICD in place, with leads terminating in the right atrial appendage, the right ventricular wall, and a tributary vein of the heart. There is mild cardiomegaly. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There are stents in place. There were no aggressive bone lesions. No changes in the spine.
This review identified multiple calcified lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung. Moderate upper lobe predominant emphysema is present. Scarring is noted. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or effusion is seen.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are normal in shape. No evidence of lung disease. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural obstruction or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is no evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are normal. There are no pericardial effusion. The great arteries are in place. Hepatic steatosis. Renal cyst at the upper pole of the right kidney. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on the thyroid gland, lungs, heart and vessels. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. No thoracic adenopathy has been noted. Mild sclerosis is noted, but it is noted that it is not thought to be linked to radiotherapy. The left breast is still intact. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Coarse calcifications in the liver. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: Displaced fractures of left fourth through seventh ribs. The fracture lines are still evident. Healed right- sided rib fractures. Status post partial left breast mastectomy.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Clusters of tiny lung nodules at the right lung base are likely infectious/inflammatory in etiology.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. A 4 mm groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe is nonspecific and may be infectious in etiology. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy (liver disease) or pleural effusion. There are bilateral thyroid nodules measuring 1.4 cm on the right. There was no aggressive osseous lesion.
The review of trials found no evidence of a new lung cancer. There is a suggestion that the left upper lobe of the right upper lobe may have a new nodule, but this has not yet been confirmed. There are similar subpleural ovals in the left and right upper lobes. The heart size is normal. No aggressive oesophageal cancer has been identified. There was no change in the size of the pericardial effusion. There were no new pulmonary nodules. The number of nodes in the upper abdomen was not increased. No new lesions were identified. The quality of the evidence was low.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways appear to be normal in size. No evidence of obstruction of the airways was found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aortic valves appear normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion was noted. The heart and vessels are normal.
The review of trials found that a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules are stable, but there is a small number of them in the right middle lobe. Again seen are small pleural effusions, this time on the right. The heart is enlarged. The thyroid gland with multiple nodules is again seen. There are multiple old spinal compression fractures and rib fractures. No evidence of lymphadenopathy has been identified. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review found that there is a decreased right pleural effusion, partially loculated. There is a decrease in the amount of fluid in the right lung and the number of patients who have atelectasis, which is a condition in which electrical currents are blocked. There are also a number of lesions on the right side of the lung that have spread to the left lung. The right lung is still expanding, but it appears to be smaller and more stable. The left lung is growing again, but this may be due to partial lung reexpansion.
The review of trials found that the right upper lobe of the liver is stable. Mild emphysema is noted. Mild mediastinal lymphadenopathy is stable, for example a 1.3 cm subcarinal node (image 194, series 3). The liver is fatty. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. There is no pleural effusion.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is a small amount of evidence that the arteries of the heart are narrowed, but there is no evidence that this is due to blockage of the arteries. The lungs and airways are normal. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There are minimal atherosclerotic calcifications (clays in the arteries) in the heart and vessels. The breast is normal. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the breast tissue. Bilateral breast augmentation was not performed.
This review found that the size of the thyroid nodule in the left lung was increased from 8 mm to 1.9 cm on the prior study. However, this is not an increase in size. The thyroid is still normal size. There is no evidence that the thyroid is affected by adenopathy. There was no evidence of a difference between the thyroid and the other parts of the body affected. There were no signs of obstruction of the airways or of a narrowing of the lungs. The heart and vessels of the aorta were normal size and there were no abnormalities in these parts. The left lung is still large and healthy. The right lung is not affected. No abnormalities were found in the lymph nodes of the neck or the thyroid. No evidence was found of a change in the number of lymph nodes affected. The number of metastatic bone metastases in the thyroid was similar on the previous study.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures: No new lymph nodes. Lungs/Pleura: Scattered lung nodules (9 mm right upper lobe ground glass nodule in series 5 image 156) are unchanged. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No more or fewer lymph nodes in the right lung. Intramuscular lipomas (in the right shoulder left back, a benign finding) are in the upper arm. Lung function is normal.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications have been observed. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No pericardial effusion has been noted.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is an elongated nodule along the major fissure in the right upper lobe of the lung on the right, but this is likely a lymph node. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The neck of the aorta (the main artery) is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size, and the lung and airways are clear. No pericardial effusion was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. No thyroid gland was affected. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine are seen.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Signs of large airway disease including a wall of thickening. Patchy groundglass in the lung apices. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Muscle lipoma: Mild muscle lesions in the left back, a benign finding. No new adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: No changes in the bone structure and soft tissue.
This review of trials found that the heart and lungs appear normal in size. The lungs appear to be normal and the airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The thyroid gland appears to be intact. The heart and vessels are normal. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus are seen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. The breast tissue appears to have a normal density. The abdomen appears normal.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review found that the size of the majority of bilateral lung nodules were reduced. No new or enlarging lung nodles were found. No pleural effusions were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions were reported in these tissues. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular (lungs) and paraseptal emphysematous changes (bronchial wall thickening) with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging lung nodules. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion (pneumothorax). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcific effusions of fluid throughout the supraclavicular (head and neck) and mediastinal (neck) lymph nodes. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery: Normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdomen organs are unremarkable. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No noncalcified adenopathy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart appears normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications were found, but the size of these was not large enough to be considered clinically significant. Findings below the diaphragm are better delineated on CT scan. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Paraesophageal varices are noted.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or enlarged thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive disease of the bone. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive cancer. Routine age-related changes in the thoracic spine. The review also found that there were no major complications.
The review of trials found that the right upper lobe of the paravertebral mass of the brain is growing and the left upper lobe is getting larger. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The aorta is normal in size. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No pericardial effusion has been observed. Normal course and caliber of the aortas are noted. No calcifications of the arteries and aortic calcifications have been noted. Small thrombus in the distal right jugular vein again noted. This may be related to esophageal wall thromboembolism, which may be an indication of esophagitis or GERD.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions were reported. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria, including internal mammary and axillary groups. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. The aorta of the aortic valve is normal. No pericardial effusion. The left breast appears to be stable. The airways are patent.
This review found that lung and airway obstruction, pulmonary edema and fluid overload were common side effects of pneumonia. These findings are likely due to the presence of a combination of heart failure/fluid overload and pneumonia. The heart was normal in size and the aortic valve was normal. There were no reports of aggressive bone lesions.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with COPD. The evidence is current to May 2013.
The review of trials found that the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine is still growing, but the size of lung nodules has not changed. The left lower lobe is still expanding, but there is a new 4 mm lung nodule in the anterior part of the aorta. There is no change in the number of lymph nodes in the neck. The right-side chest port with catheter tip in the SVC is still in place. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of aortic artery. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: see separate CT scan of the diaphragm for findings. Routine age-related changes in bone and soft tissue.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, there is a small amount of thyroid gland enlargement, which may be due to chronic inflammatory process. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion has been reported, and the aorta is normal. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been observed. Moderate coronary calcifications have not been found. The thyroid gland does not appear to be enlarged by size criteria.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Mild dependent groundglass opacities are likely to be due to low blood pressure in the lungs. No obstruction of the lung. No consolidation or pleural effusion. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable subcarinal node measuring up to 1 cm. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and arteries. No aggressive bone lesions. Spinal fixation hardware was partially visualized. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings on the abdomen. Osseosous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Stable thyroid nodularities, some partially calcified. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No significant air trapping on expiratory series. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable enlargement of central pulmonary artery to 3.3 cm, may suggest a stable narrowing of the pulmonary artery. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung is still intact, but the right lung is thickening. Severe upper lobe pleural emphysema is still a problem, but has been resolved. The right lung has a slight decrease in size. Lungs and airways: No evidence of a leak of contrast in the esophagus. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and the aortic and coronary artery calcifications are present. Aortic artery calcification is the result of calcification of the coronary artery wall. The stomach: The stomach wall of the stomach is still thin, but decreased in size, and a pocket of air adjacent to the right laryngoscopy wall (5:129) has nearly resolved. This pocket may be due to scarring. Intraluminal fluid and debris are seen to the proximal portion of the gastric conduit. The left leg: Mild decrease in the size of right hilar node (13 mm). Mild decrease of the right thigh bone (15 mm) is noted. The aorta (40 mm) of the left leg is still large. The PICC (PICC) tip is still in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Separately dictated. Osseous structures (e.g. soft tissues) and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart appears normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No new or worsening of the disease. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Stable left adrenal myolipoma. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Stable 2.6 x 1.3 cm right-sided chest port intramuscular lipoma.
This review of the literature found no evidence of fibrotic lung disease. However, there is some evidence of a wall thickening in the esophagus which can be seen in patients with GERD. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.7 cm. Mild coronary artery calcifications. The central airways are patent. There is no new evidence of pleural effusion, no consolidation or resection. Mediastinum/Lymph lymph nodes: Multiple prominent subcentimeter lymph nodes are likely to be reactive. No honeycomb appreciated. Surgical clips in the right neck are likely a result of prior parathyroidectomy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thoracic adenopathy in the lung or airways. No pleural effusions were seen. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Stable compression deformity of the superior endplates of T8, T9 and T10 rib fractures. Post vertebroplasty changes. Post surgical changes of bilateral mastectomy and flap reconstruction. Please refer to the concurrent nuclear imaging report.
This review of trials found no evidence of any new or enlarging of nodules. However, a reduction in the burden of pulmonary embolism in the lobe branch and in the left upper lobe segmental branch is noted. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are noted. Mediastinum (lungs) and lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The aorta (the main artery) appears normal. Normal course, size and caliber of the aortic valve. The right chest wall is crossed by a port in the SVC. The port tip of the port terminates in the chest wall therapy port tip. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is no aggressive bone damage.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new pneumonic consolidation. No lung masses, suspicious pulmonary nodules within the aerated parts of the lungs, and the airways are patent. No new pleural consolidation. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Stable changes of the aortic aneurysm and repair of aneuriesm. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No lymph nodes or lymph nodes: No lymph node or lymph node abnormalities. No pericardial effusion. Upper abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. Upper Abdomen: No new granulomas in the spleen. Remainder visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. The review found no aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes in the anterior chest wall with no residual soft tissue.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with heart and lung cancer. The evidence is current to May 2014. They found no new or enlarging lung nodules. There were some scattered granulomas in the right upper lobe and lower lobes with new patches of ill-defined groundglass opacities, for example on image 187 of series 4 and image 339, likely inflammatory in nature. The right lung was stable and the airways were patent. No pleural effusions were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications were noted, but these were unimportant. The aorta is normal and the right chest port terminating in the distal SVC. No pericardial effusion was noted.
The review of trials found that the thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. The thyroid gland enlarges and the thyroid wall thickens. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Mild coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. No pleural effusion. The kidneys are normal size and the left kidney has cysts. However, the right kidney has a cyst. There is no evidence that this cyst is in the liver. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid gland. The review also found no evidence of cancer of the lungs or the airways. There may be some abnormalities in the heart and vessels.
The review of trials found that the overall size and distribution of numerous bilateral mostly groundglass (bronchial wall) nodules has not changed. Findings have been present since at least 2016. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No definite new nodules have been identified. No pleural effusion has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Normal course and size of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Mildly raised lymph nodes.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The lungs/airways/Pleura: No evidence of adenopathy of the lungs. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs or airways. Subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Unremarkable thyroid gland.
The review of trials found no evidence that there is any evidence that lung disease is caused by peribronchovascular disease. There is some evidence that the heart is normal in size. There are no signs of pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen. The heart is still beating at normal rates. The lungs are still intact. The blood vessels are still functioning normally. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The upper abdominal wall and soft tissues are stable. No evidence suggests that there are problems with the blood vessels or lymph nodes.
This review examines the effects of the disease on the lungs, airways, and other organs. The review found that the lungs are normal in size, but there is some evidence that they may be inflamed. There is a small amount of evidence that the right lung is inflamed, but this may be due to inflammation. The left lung is not inflamed and there is no evidence that there is an obstruction of the airway. There are no signs that the heart is damaged. The heart and vessels are normal. The great arteries are normal and the great vessels are large. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Flowing bone growths are consistent with diffuse bone hyperostosis (DISH). There is no pericardial (hole in the middle of the heart) swelling. There was no evidence of pericordial effusion. There were no reports of other serious adverse events. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this disease.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Lower chest wall therapy port tip ends in the SVC. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes are abnormal. No new or enlarging nodules. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Coarse calcifications and/or clips in the right breast.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. The ascending aorta measures up to 4.3 cm in the axial plane, which is unchanged compared to prior studies. Severe coronary artery calcifications of the coronary arteries, aortas, and aortic wall calcifications are rare. The left-sided pacer device with leads in the right atrium and right ventricle is still in use. The main pulmonary artery measures 4.1 cm in length. The right lung is clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right limb of the neck has a thickening of the septal thickening. This may represent mild lung edema or an inflammatory process. Other lymph nodes are unchanged. Other symptoms of the thyroid gland are normal. Upper Abdomen: The upper abdomen has a thinning of the diaphragm. No changes in the bone structure. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. The right lung is patent. There is a small hernia in the right lung. The left lung is not patent. Moderate to high blood pressure. Moderate blood pressure in the left lung. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs, airways, or heart. However, there was some evidence of thickening of the trachea and the wall of the bronchial cavity. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The liver was normal in size. The thyroid gland appeared to be in a normal pattern. No abnormalities were found in the liver or thyroid gland. The heart and vessels were normal. The right breast had calcification in the right breast. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion was found. The aortic arch was normal. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries was from the aorta. No abnormal growth was noted in the left breast.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size and healthy. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected by any of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of obstruction of the lung. No abnormal growths or mass in the lungs. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid gland: Thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal and normal size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This review found that the size of the thyroid nodule in the right upper lobe of the thoracic spine was the same as it was in the most recent study from November 2020. The left upper lobe, measuring 1.4 x 0.7 cm in image 17, was also unchanged. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. No pericardial effusion (fluid leaking out of the lung) or pneumothorax (breathlessness). The right lung is normal size. No pleural effusion or pleural obstruction are seen. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid gland size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mildly calcified calcifications in the aortas and heart. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in the thyroid, heart and vessels are observed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusions. Stable low-density lesion in the right hepatic lobe, likely a cyst, and 1.3 cm right adrenal nodule. The liver and vessels appear to be normal. Mucous secretions in the proximal trachea. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found that the evidence is current to January 2014. The review found that there is some evidence to support the use of bronchiectasis in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The evidence is up to date as of February 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Respiratory motion artifact obscures fine parenchymal detail, especially at the bases. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild scarring in the anterior segment of the right upper lobe and the right lower lobe. Scattered granulomata. The ovoid opacity at the left lung base identified on the plain radiograph corresponds to a calcified granuloma. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph nodes, sequela of prior granulOMatous disease. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thicknessening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Small hiatus hernia. Thyroid tissue is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial enlargement. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Coronary artery, aortic valve and other indications. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged bilateral renal cysts and other hypodensities too small to characterize. Left hepatic hypodensity, statistically likely to represent a cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Compression deformities of C6 and C7 vertebral bodies, partially imaged. Hemangioma in T7 vertebra body.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was observed. The heart appears normal in size. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were not seen. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Mild bilateral gynecomastia was noted.
The review of trials found that the right pleural effusion was stable, but the right lung and airways were slightly larger. The right lung was slightly larger than the left lung. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The left shoulder lipoma appeared to be stable. Mild coronary calcifications were again noted. No evidence of coronary artery calcification was found. The central pulmonary artery was upper normal, but may be suggestive of high blood pressure. The liver was not affected. No serious liver disease was noted.
This review of the literature found no evidence that lung cancer was spread to the lungs. However, there was some evidence that the cancer spread to other parts of the chest. No significant change in size of the nodules was seen. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheal bronchial tree is patent. Widespread pulmonary metastatic disease. No new lung cancer nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There was no aggressive bone lesion. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found no evidence of new adenopathy in this group of patients. However, there is some evidence of increased lung disease in the upper lobe of the lung. This may be bronchiolitis. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion is noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Remote healed bilateral rib fractures are again noted.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules in the right lower lobe. The right hilar node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis in series 4 image 231 is unchanged. No new adenopathy. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and normal. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed.
This review assesses the effects of thyroidectomy on lung, airways and lymph nodes. Thyroid gland and thyroid gland are unremarkable. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules are seen in the right lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Main pulmonary artery measures 34 mm long. Coronary artery, aortic valve and calcifications. Hepatic steatosis. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive cancer lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart chambers appear grossly normal in size. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. The airways are patent with retained secretions in the lower bronchi (for example, the left upper lobe). There are similar ground glass and tree-in-bud patterns in the right upper lobe and the lingula. There is no aggressive bone lesions. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The bowel is not blocked. No aggressive osseous lesions or acute bony abnormalities are seen.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart is st enlarged. No pericardial effusion was noted throughout the aorta. There was no evidence of increased blood flow to the lungs. The central airways are patent.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is thickening. No pleural effusions. Subsegmental atelectasis of the left lower lobe adjacent to chronic high-heath ballooning. Stable right apical 4 mm nodule and 5 mm right upper lobe nodule. No lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: no lymph nodes. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: Widespread spread of metastatic disease. No pericardial effusion. Insulting of the right breast. Coarse calcifications and a biopsy clip in the left breast. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs and airways are normal and no evidence of obstructive pulmonary disease was found. The aortic valve is normal size and there is a normal course of the aorta. Moderate to severe calcification of coronary artery calcifications and calcification (dissolving) of the valve. The lymph nodes are normal. No evidence of hilar lymphadenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. No changes in the spine.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules in the left lung. Mild bronchiectasis (bronchial tree-in-bud) in the lower lobe has resolved. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aortic artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid gland is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic or lymph node adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are normal. No new or enlarged nodules. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues.
