This is an overview of the results from a CT scan of the lungs and airways of the heart and the pelvis. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There is a 5 mm nodule at the left lung apex (series 5, image 94) that was not seen on the prior CT. An 11 mm nodle at the right lung base previously measured 15 mm. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Calcified lymph nodes are noted in the left thyrocyte. Thyroid surgery was performed prior to the CT. No serious side effects were noted. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema was found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. There was no evidence of a change in quality of life.
This is an overview of the results of CT of the heart, lungs, and airways of the neck of the patient. The heart and blood vessels are normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Pleura: There is mild bronchiectasis, areas of mucus impaction, and a bronchial wall thickening, which is consistent with large airways disease. No lung swelling or enlargement. No pneumonia or lung edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid (thyroid) was not seen in the neck. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Please see the report for the same day for CT of both the abdomen and pelvis. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is not large and the vessels are of good size. Severe aortic valvular and mitral artery calcifications were seen. The left vertebrae artery (the main artery from the aorta) is in the right side of the spine. There was no pleural discharge. The great blood vessels were not seen.
This is an overview of the results from the most recent search of the medical records. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the thyroid gland and liver. Thyroid gland: No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been seen. The thyroid is stable in size. Lungs/Airways: Lungs are patent. The airways have not been affected by pleural effusions or pleural lymphadenopathy. The heart appears normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart has a normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to assess. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesion.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways and Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis is a disease of the lungs that may be due to inflammation. There is no honeycombing or significant reticulation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. Thyroid: No abnormalities were seen in the thyroid. The thyroid is normal in size. Heart: The heart is large but not large. There was no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications in the coronary arteries. The arteries are of good size and the great blood flow is clear. The main artery is from the aorta and the other main artery from the main veins. The left artery is in the middle of the chest and the right artery is just to the side. Upper Abdomen: Thyroid is not large or large. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone or bone lesions were seen. No signs of cancer were found. No other abnormalities were noted. No evidence of inflammation of the lung or the airways was found.
This is an overview of the results of CT of the lungs, heart and blood vessels of the heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs are normal in size. There were no signs of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or lung collapse. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large. There was no pericardial effusion. There are no calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the results from CT of the lungs, heart, and lungs of people with metastasis of the pancreas and pelvis. There is a thickening of the pleural wall (right lung) and a round atelectasis in the right lung, which has not yet healed. No new adenopathies have been found. The heart is normal in size. There are no pericardial effusion (hole in the middle of the heart) and there are mild atherosclerotic calcions of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are not large and of good size. The tumour has not spread to the lymph nodes. The appearance is not typical for metastasis.
This is an overview of the results from a study of adults with heart and lung disease. The heart is stable back to 2019. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. The lungs are clear. There are signs of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis and areas of mucoid impaction. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart appear normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. Mild secretions were noted in the trachea. No pleural effusions. The sternum appears to be stable with no new bone lesions. The right sternum may have been damaged by trauma prior to the surgery. The thoracic adenopathy was not aggressive but was likely due to a reaction of the bone. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. There was no pericardial effusion. The liver and other soft tissues are too small to assess.
We found that there is mild bibasilar atelectasis in the lungs and airways. There are sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules, for instance in the right lung on series 4, image 234 are seen. There is a left upper lobe calcified granuloma. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion was seen. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There was no thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Mild hepatic steatosis. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The breast has a round calcification.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the tracheobronchial tree. Lungs/Airways: We found that the right lung base has been destroyed and the left lung base is still in a state of complete collapse. The lungs have not yet healed completely. There is a thickening of the upper lobe of the lung and a thinning of the middle lobe. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. There are no signs of blockage of the coronary arteries. The aorta of the aortic artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with heart disease. The thoracic adenopathy is not severe. No signs of pleural effusion have been noted. No pneumothorax has been found. Thyroid glands: No signs have been found in the neck or thorax. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right-sided rib fractures are noted. Upper arm and leg bones are unbroken.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways: Endotracheal tube in place. No pleural effusion. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Patchy bilateral airspace opacities involving all lobes with dense consolidation of the lung bases. No pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lung adenopathy. No thoracic adenitis. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusions. The aorta measures 39 mm. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube ends in the stomach. Osseous and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Small amount of chest wall emphysema.
This is an overview of the results of CT scans of the heart, lungs, airways and pelvis. The heart appears to be stable, with no pericardial effusion. The blood pool in the heart is low and there is a blood clot in the myocardium, which could be due to anemia. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung mass measuring 5.8 x 3.7 cm is stable, as is the right lung mass, both of which are stable. There is a large, but stable, chest wall mass, which is not growing. There are no new pleural nodules. The left and right lungs have not changed in size after surgery. The upper thoracic spine has a large but stable mass, transfixed by a spine defect. Heart and Vessels: The heart is stable and the aorta is large, measuring 3.8 cm in long axis. The aortic valve is flat and the blood pool is hypodense, a sign of low blood pressure. The liver is also stable and has not changed. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are a large and stable mass in the chest wall, which has not grown in size since surgery.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found in the right lung. Calcified granuloma in the left lung was noted. Stable small left pleural effusion and atelectasis were noted. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. The lymph nodes are prominent but less than 1 cm noncalcified and calcified. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the condition of patients after esophagectomy. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. The right lung wall wall is thickened and may be due to a build-up of fluid. Patchy opacities in the right lung may be on the basis of pneumonia or aspiration. No pleural effusion. Severe centrilobular emphysema in the chest wall. A right chest tube leads to the heart and a left chest tube goes to the base of the left lung wall. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the chest and lungs. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging nodules or large tumours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Post surgery changes in the left lung (4:132), probably lymph nodes. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta is 41 mm long and the heart wall is slightly larger than prior. Thyroid: There are no new or larger thyroid nodules. The thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cysts and other hypodensities too small to assess. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up to date study. Lungs/airways/Pleura: The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion. No new adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and healthy. Mild coronary artery calcifications. The aortic artery is normal in size. The central pulmonary artery is a narrow artery that drains the blood from the lungs. There is no evidence of damage to the other major arteries in the chest. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the most recent search of the medical records. We found that there is a large amount of low-lying lung tumour in the right lung, but the tumour is stable. There is a tumour on the wall of the tracheal wall, which is seen with tracheobronchopartner's disease. There are no signs of lymphadenitis or pleural effusion. No tumour has been found in the abdomen. The tumour does not spread to the lungs.
This is an overview of the results from the radiologic imaging of the thoracic aorta of the liver. The patient had cholecyst surgery to remove the tumour from the liver and the liver is stable. However, there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy (lung swelling) from the surgery. There are no signs of post-surgery aneurysm or pleural effusion. Sclerotic foci in the right humral head and T10 vertebral body are stable.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Mild atherosclerosis of the aorta and calcification of the artery wall are the main findings. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. Breast and Soft Tissues: No changes of the right breast and axilla.
This is an overview of the results from the review of lung and airway disease in adults with MAI. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are a large number of sub-4 mm nodules in the lungs. There is mucus plugging in the middle and lower bronchi. There are no signs of pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion (hole in the heart) was seen. Thyroid: There is a punctate left thyroid calcification. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the results from a study of people with thoracic spine cancer. The results show that there are a few lung nodules but no pleural or airways blockage. The heart and blood vessels are normal size. There are no new noncalcified adenopathy or pleural effusion. The largest of these nodules is in the right lobe of the lung, measuring 1.5 cm in size, and the rest are patchy. The number of patchy ground glass nodles has increased, with some in the upper lobe. There is no change in the size of the aorta or the heart or of the blood vessels. No changes in the number of patients with pleural blockage or pleura (pneumothorax). The airways are clear. Upper Abdomen: The visualized part of the body is normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal size and has not changed in size since the last study. No change in thyroid size or volume. Other organs: Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Pulmonary artery is small. Right-sided chest port and central venous catheters with tip in the SVC.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: There is a large mass in the right upper lobe of the right lung, which is worse than before. There is new thickening of the lymph nodes, which may be due to spread of the cancer. There are stable small nodules in the left lung. The right pleural effusion is now multiloculated and thick-walled with locules along the medial ends of the pleura and in the fissures, may be a sign of infection. The heart is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: The heart has no pericardial effusion. The arteries of the heart are clear and there are no signs of blockage. The lungs are stable. No lung abscesses have been noted. No chest wall effusion has been seen. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Lipoma in the shoulder musculature can noted.
This is an overview of the condition of patients in the emergency room of a major surgery to treat a ruptured esophagus. We found that the tube in the airways was in a good position. The right lung tube was at the right lung base and the left lung tube at the top of the lung. There was no evidence of fluid in the pleural space, but there was a small amount in the lung wall. There is a small abscess in the esophageal space. There are no signs of fluid or gas in the soft tissues. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size. Aortic valve calcifications were not seen. There were no major problems with the heart or vessels. The tubes in the lungs and stomach end in the stomach. We are not sure how long the tubes will take to drain the abscess.
This is an overview of the findings from the most recent CT scan of the heart and lungs of the same patient. The heart is stable and the airways are patent. There is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lobe of the right lung, which has not changed in size or shape since 2017. There are other, scattered sub-4 mm nodules in the lower lobe, which have not changed since 2017 either. The neck is stable, and the aortic valve has not been replaced. The lymph nodes are stable and there is no new enlargement of the subaortic lymph nodes. The spine is stable. No changes from prior lumpectomy were seen in the left breast. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy was noted. The patient is in a stable condition.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of people with thoracic spine cancer who have had a heart or lung transplantation. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size. There is a 1.1 cm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule which is the same as the one seen on the last study from 2021. There are no pleural effusion (fluid in the airways) or pneumothorax (excess airways). The lungs are clear. The right lung has a large airway wall thickening. The left lobe has a chronic mucoid impaction and peribronchial and paraspinal blockage. This is similar to what was seen in 2021. The enlargement of the aorta (the main artery) in the left lobe is not seen. No pericardial effusion has been found. No other abnormalities have been seen. The spine is normal size and there are no signs of bone or soft tissue problems.
This is an overview of the results of the most recent imaging of the lungs, heart and airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The aorta is normal. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aortas. Bone and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable small hiatal hernia.
This is an overview of the results from a study from March 2021. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions or consolidations. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe. New 3 mm right upper lobe nodule. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent bilateral axillary nodes similar to the study from 2021. The main axillary node on the right is slightly increased in size, measuring 1.8 cm, and the main axile on the left is 1.7 cm. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the published and unpublished research. Lungs/airways/Pleura: The lung wall is thickening and mild bronchiectasis with a greater presence in the lower lobe. In the left lower lobe there are ill-clear centrilobular nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. Normal course of the thoracic aorta. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is large. Mild atherosclerotic calcified blockage of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: There are no large bone lesions. No other major bone or bone structure changes. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart had not changed in size or shape. The airways are patent. There were no pleural effusions. There was a small hernia in the right thyroid measuring up to 3.6 cm. The aortic valves appear to have not changed. There is no change in trace pericardial effusion. No changes in the size of the aorta. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery is the same. Calcified leaflets are found in the aprotic valve chambers. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separately dictated report of CT abdomen from the same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The review shows that lung and airway nodules are stable and there is a mild bronchiectasis. There is a small hernia in the left lung. The heart appears to be normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications in the chest and there are no aggressive bone lesions. The left lung has a small pleural effusion. The adrenal gland is still in place in the lower lobe of the lung.
We found that there is no change in the size or shape of the lung and airways. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No pleural effusions were found. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis of the tumour. There is no new evidence of cancer in the lungs. However, there is a large hiatal hernia in the pelvis. Sclerotic metastasis in T2 vertebral body has not changed.
We found that lung and airways were stable in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules. There was a 6 mm nodule in the upper lobe of the right lung and other scattered nodules in the superior segment of the left lung. The lung wall was thickened and showed signs of bronchiectasis and may have been due to the blow to the airway. No pleural effusions were found. Thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. The aortic valve has calcified, with dense calcification of the valve at the top and mild calcification in the other valve. Upper Abdomen: There were no cysts in the left leg. Bone and soft tissues: No new bone lesions were found, but there are no signs of bone cancer.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Lungs are normal in size, with no signs of lung cancer or pleural effusion. Thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic valves have calcified. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The original review was not found to be of any use. The new review found that the lungs and airways of the heart appear to be normal in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart appears to be stable. No pericardial effusion was noted. There are no signs of aortic adenopathy. The liver and pancreas do not show any signs of damage from the surgery. There is no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions.
We found several stable pulmonary nodules in the right lung and in the lingula. No new thoracic adenopathy. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The heart appears normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid lobe mass measuring 3 cm is stable in size and there is no new adenopathies. The tumour appears to be confined to the left lung.
Study limited by motion. Lungs/Airways: Diffuse thickening, and alveolar groundglass opacities are likely to be associated with lung edema. There are scattered pulmonary cysts/blebs. No pleural effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: There is biatrial enlargement. Extensive calcifications of the mitral annulus and aortic leaflets are seen. No pericardial effusion was observed. There is a normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: We found no aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the results from a comprehensive search for published and non-published studies of patients with this type of cancer. Aortic valve and heart valve calcified, heart and aortic valves and heart chambers calcified. No new or enlarging lung nodules or tumours were found. No pleural effusion was found. Thyroid was not seen to be malignous. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The tumour in the heart appears to be confined to the left ventricle. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the heart or of the vessels. There was no change in the size of the thyroid.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The review shows that the lungs and airways of the heart and lungs have not changed in size or shape after surgery. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules or lymph nodes. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. However, there is a small hernia in the left aortic ventricle. There is a sclerotic lesion on the back of the neck in the T5 vertebral body.
This is an overview of the results from a search of the medical records. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging nodules or large nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathies.
We found that pulmonary nodules and granuloma were found in the lungs, but not in the airways or pleura. No pleural effusion was found. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The heart and vessels were normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the results of a study of lung and airways, heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new lung or airways blockage. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The heart has a normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictate and lymph nodes are separate. No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right rib fracture. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from a comprehensive search of the medical record. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion. Stable punctate micronodule in the right lung base. New mild groundglass opacities in the left upper lobe (5:125). Mild subsegmental atelectasis at the right lungs base. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications have been found. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Diffuse osseous metastatic disease.
This is an overview of the post-radiation changes in the lungs, airways and pleura. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Lungs: There is a mild enlargement of the left lung of the right lung. The pleural effusion increased at the same time as there was an increase in the left pleural volume. There is an increase of the septal thickening in the right lungs. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is well preserved. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic and coronary calcifications were noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the surgical resection of the lower lobe of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. There was a new 1.0 cm irregular nodule in the azygos esophageal recess (right lower lobe) of the right lower lobe. The lungs appear to be stable. There is no evidence of lung adenopathy. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Thyroid glands: Thyroid gland enlarges at a rate of 2.1 cm in the T6 vertebrae (neck) at the top of the neck. No evidence of adenomyopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers and aorta seem to be normal. Small amount of blood in the pericardial vessels. Normal course and size of the aortas. Other than this, no other major complications were noted. Small hiatal hernia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 1.3 cm paratracheal lymph node. Otherwise, no thoracic adenopathies.
This is an overview of the results from a comprehensive search of the medical records. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways: Thickened and thinning of the right lung wall and bronchus, and a few new pleural nodules in the left lung. No new nodules were noted on July 2021 examination. The right lung base and left lung base have been cleared of new nodles, and there was no new left ventricle nodule. Lung wall and airway: Thickening of the upper lung wall, but no new lung nodules have been noted. Improved consolidation and groundglass opacities at the right and left lungs with no new nodule noted. Clusters of small micronodules on the left ventral lobe (5:199, 236) are likely to be due to airways disease. Stable left top of the heart is the likely cause. Calcified heart valve on the right side has been identified. Thyroid: No enlarging lymph nodes have been seen. Tummy and gut: Tumour-free, with no enlarging of lymph nodes. Gastric pull-through was not seen. No other signs of gastric disease. Heart and Vessels: Aortic and aortic enlargement. Coronary artery calcified. LAD stent. Left chest wall ICD leads end in the right atrium and right ventricles. Right chest wall therapy port tip ends in the SVC junction. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No signs of disease in the soft tissues.
We found that there is a spiculated mass in the upper lobe of the right lung, which may be due to postobstructive bronchi blockage. This mass may partially encase the right mainstem bronchus. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or airway effusion. The heart appears normal in size. There are no pericardial swelling or narrowing. Moderate atherosclerotic aortic and heart calcifications are seen in the blood vessels. The main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged, but this may be seen in people with high blood pressure. The kidneys have not been shown to be affected by the blockage of the lung. The left adrenal gland appears to be normal. The thyroid gland is not prominent.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine after surgery to repair aortic valve and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Stable heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No adenopathies of the diaphragm or sternum. No aggressive bony lesions. Heal of the sternum is complete. The sternum has been healed from the top to the middle of the rib cage. No new bony lesions have been found. Routine age-related changes are seen in the spine as the body ages.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the thoracic spine. The scan showed that there is no change in the size of the left lung nodule. There is an enlarging tubular nodule in the right lung. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020. No pleural effusion or pleura has been found. The thyroid gland is normal size. No adenopathy by CT size criteria. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is not large. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower spine. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen in the spine with age.
We found that lung wall thickening and foci of mucoid impaction were found in the right lung (tracheobronchial tree) and the right and left lung (middle lobe) with no pleural effusion. There was no evidence of thoracic adenopathy. The right lung had a new tree-in-bud (tubular) branch in the middle lobe and there were new nodules in the left lung. There were no changes in the size of the right thyroid lobe. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. The anterior aortic valve had calcified in the same way as in the heart of the heart. The left aorta was not found to be blocked. The thyroid lobe was heterogeneous. No changes in size of lymph nodes were found.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs of adults who have had a heart or lung operation. The heart is normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are some calcified granulomas in the lungs, but no clear signs of cancer. Mild bronchiectasis was not found. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of adenopathy. Thyroid is normal. Upper Abdomen: There was no evidence of bone cancer in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the results from a study of people with thoracic spine cancer who have had a cholecystoscopy to treat the problem. The results show that the spine is stable and no new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. There are signs of large airway disease, including a large bronchial wall thickening, and no pleural effusion. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size. The right lung has a single 1.2 cm (cm) groundglass nodule in the lingula and the left lobe has a 9 mm (mm) ground glass nodule. Both are still in place and the rest of the lung is clear. There is no change in the size of the right lung or the aortic valve. The left lung and right lung have a patchy, small, groundglass-like patch in the lower lobe, which has now resolved. The other smaller nodules in the lung are still there and have not grown in size. No changes in the heart, vessels or aorta have been seen. The spine is clear of any new bone lesions. The condition of the liver, kidneys and sputum is the same as on the other side of the spine.
We found that the lungs are stable and that there is a large upper lobe nodule (13 x 9 mm) on the right lung and a small left lung nodule. The right lung has a thickened bronchial wall. There is a 5 mm nodule on the left lung that was previously biopsied and shows no signs of cancer. There are no other lung lesions. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic region of the lungs. The thyroid is normal. The aorta of the heart is well-preserved and normal in shape. The abdomen is unremarkable.
We found that lung and airways were stable in size and that heart and vessels were normal in size. No new or enlarging nodules were found in the lung area. No pleural effusions were found. The heart was of a normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs appear to be stable and the airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be healthy and the aorta appears to have a normal course and size.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Large amount of secretions in the trachea and bronchiectasis is shown, with severe cystic and varicoid cysts. Some of the cysts are still in the upper lobe (4:204) and some have spread to the left lung ( 4:278). There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Patchy opacity in the right upper lobe is new since the last exam. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. There is a normal course and size of the aorta and aortic valve calcifications. Thyroid: Thyroid tissue is covered in a thin film of white, with a diameter of 2.2 cm, that is likely to be the result of damage to the thyroid. No signs of cancer were found. No other abnormalities were noted. Other parts of the body were unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Tons of bone growths were noted in both breasts.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the left lung and neck of the thoracic lobe of the heart. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which is a sign of high blood flow in the lung. There is a 4 mm lung nodule in the right lung and a 1 cm right thyrocyte nodule. No lymphadenopathy (lung swelling) was found in the neck. There are a few scattered sub-4 mm lung and thyroid nodules, but these were not clearly seen on prior CT scans. A mild fracture of the T6 vertebral body is stable. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways and Pleura: Lungs: Clots in the trachea, airways, and lungs have been found in all lobes of the lungs. There is no evidence of cancer in the right lung, but this may be due to overgrowth of pleural tissue. The right lung is stable and the left lung shows no signs of cancer. Thyroid: No cancerous growths or growths were found on the thyroid, but the size and shape of the tumour are not known. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. Small pericardial fluid. Aorta: Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mild bilateral gynecomastia was found in one breast and not seen in the other.
This is an overview of the condition of the heart and vessels of the aorta of the lung. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Tracheostomy in place. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (32 mm). Left jugular central venous catheter tip (VC) terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube ends in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the evidence from the published and planned research. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Signs of large airway disease are mild bronchiectasis and mucoid impaction. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or airway collapse. There are no other signs of lung disease. Heart and Vessels: Aortic size is normal. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Bone and soft tissues: No new bone lesions have been found in the upper arm or leg. Routine age-related degenerative changes have been seen in the thorACic spine.
We found that the heart and vessels were stable and the lungs and airways were stable. There were no major problems with the lungs, airways or pleura. The heart appears to be normal in size. There was no evidence of pericardial swelling or narrowing. However, there were some cysts in the right lung lower lobe, some of which are calcified. There is a possibility that this may be due to fluid leaking from the lungs. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: The lungs appear to be normal in size, but there are a few calcified granulomata in the right lung (bronchiectasis), and there are some calcified aortic valves in the left lung. No other lung or airway problems were found. No new lung cancer has been found. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be large and healthy. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. Thyroid: No new thyroid lesions were found, and the thyroid was unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree has thickened and there have been some pleural effusions. Aortic valves have been found to have calcified in both lungs and heart. There is no pericardial effusion. Thyroid enlargement has not been seen in the lungs or heart. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged lymph nodes have been noted, most of them in the lymph nodes, on the basis of congestion. No aggressive bone lesion has been seen. Sclerotic lesion in T10 vertebral body, which is not thought to be from the bone but may be from a bone 'island'.
We found that the thoracic airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and blood vessels are normal size. There are a few lymph nodes along the fissure on the left in series 3 image 143 which likely represents an intrapulmonary lymph node. No other abnormalities were found. There is no evidence of a large lymph node in the heart or blood vessels. The thyroid is normal size and there was no change in the course of the aorta or the heart. There were no changes in the number or size of any of the bones in the spine. We did not find any new bone lesions. The spine is not at risk of degenerative changes due to the age of the body.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening with foci of mucoid impaction. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid tissue appears to be normal in size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. The heart chambers appear to be of normal size. Large amount of thrombus in the right jugular vein, partially imaged. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesion.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. No pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to be of normal size. Coronary artery calcifications. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: No cancer was found in the thyroid but there is a chance that it may be due to a tumour in the lymph nodes. Atrophic thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions. Spine: Multilevel changes of the spine.
This is an overview of the condition of patients with bronchial wall thickening and airways disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickens and narrows in the right lung and there is a small right pleural fluid. There is a right ventricle (chest) tube. Lung wall thinning and narrowing is consistent with thickened airways. A right lung nodule was seen in the lower lobe of the left lung, but the extent of this is not known. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Punctate calcified granuloma in the liver. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an update of a review of the effects of surgery for breast cancer. The breast cancer spread to other parts of the body as well as to the lungs, heart, and liver. The cancer spread from the right breast to the left breast and spread to the lymph nodes. The right breast had a large number of metastatic lymph nodes and the right and left lymph nodes had a subpleural change. There was no change in size or spread of the cancer in the lungs. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There were no changes in the size of the aorta or aortic valve. The thyroid was unremarkable.
This is a summary of the results of a study of breast and lung biopsies of a breast and heart of the breast of a woman with breast cancer. The breast is small and the heart is normal in size. Thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways: Lung wall thickening is consistent with bronchial wall thickness. No signs of lung cancer or pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and of good size. No pericardial effusion (hole in the heart) was found. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Left renal hypodensity too small to assess. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcification in the left breast was seen on a mammogram in July 2021. No evidence of adenopathy (scarring of the chest wall) of the heart or of the aorta.
This is a summary of the findings from the most recent study from November 2020. We found that there are no new lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the area around the heart and lungs. There is some residual scarring in the left lung of the left lobe of the heart. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thoracic airways are clear. The heart is normal size and the aorta is of normal size. However, there are some calcified calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. The right-side chest port is still in place and has a catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction.
This is an overview of the findings from the largest and best-known thoracic spine and lung and heart and airway study of this type of cancer. The lung nodule in the middle lobe (right lung) is likely to be from the lungs and is 5.2 cm in size. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pleural effusion or airway effusion was seen. No signs of large airway disease, but diffuse mild bronchiectasis (bronchitis) was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the spine. Routine age-related changes were seen throughout the spine, but these changes were not thought to be due to the age of the spine itself. There were no signs of cancerous growths in the heart or the aortic valve.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: The lungs appear to be normal in size. The endotracheal tube ends in the midthoracic trachea. No obstruction of the airways. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separate CT chest and lower abdomen/pelvis examination. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Portions of the lower ribs are not seen on the CT chest or CT body. Within this limitation, no acute fracture is identified. Multiple old left rib fracture deformities are present. No thoracic adenopathy was found.
We found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The lungs appear to be clear and the airways are clear. The upper thoracic rib spaces are not well-defined. There is mild stranding of the left lateral 5th rib spaces, which is likely posttraumatic. There was no evidence of pulmonary contusion or pleural effusion. The neck is not clearly defined. No acute compression fracture deformity. Central height loss of the T4 and T5 neck vertebral bodies appear chronic. There are no signs of trauma to the chest wall.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are scattered sub-6 mm lung nodules, for example a left upper lobe nodule in the lung (pulmonary ventricle) measuring 5 mm seen on CT series 4. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated CT abdomen for subdiaphragmatic findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways and Pleura: Lungs: No evidence of lung blockage or obstruction. Mild multilobar lower lobe bronchiectasis and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Upper lobe pleural and centrilobular lung emphysema. Mild reticulations in the left lung may represent scarring (there was a risk of a lung clot in that area). No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No signs of pericardial effusion or narrowing. Calcified granuloma in the right hepatic lobe. Aortic and artery calcifications. Abdomen: Cholelithiasis.
This is an overview of the results from the latest available evidence. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Bone and soft tissues are healthy.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or increased adenopathy. Enlarged thyroid. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries (the main blood vessels) and aortas (the veins in the heart) are normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-based changes in the spine are seen with age.
We found that the left lung volume loss was stable, but there was an increase in fibrotic changes in the left lobe (the lobe at the top) of the lung, and in the right lung (the left upper lobe). There was no new thoracic adenitis. There were no new pleural adenopathies. The heart and vessels of the aorta were normal in size. The thyroid is heterogeneous. There is a chance that the tumour may have been caused by a blood clot in the lower lobe of the heart, but the cause of this is not clear. There are no other signs of cancer in the heart or in the vessels.
This is an overview of the findings from the most recent scan of the lung tumour that has not spread to other parts of the lungs. The tumour is confined to the right lung and is stable. There is no lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive lesion has been found. However, the tumour has spread to the diaphragm area and is not stable.
We found one new noncalcified lung mass in the upper lobe of the lung which has not yet crossed the main fissure in the lung wall. There were no other new lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Small pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aorta. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cyst. No new bone lesions. Thyroid: Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the results from the published and unpublished research. We found that lung and airways scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases was more common in the upper lobe than the lung base. There was no pleural effusion (pneumothorax) of the airways. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels were of good size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta and coronary artery were of normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung bases were not marked out by any of the above. Mild bronchiectasis was found in the thoracic lobe of the lungs. The heart was of good shape. There were no other signs of disease. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs were not clearly marked out. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Thyroid: No signs of thyroid adenopathy was found. The thyroid was normal size and had not been affected by thyroid cancer.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the lungs/airways/Pleura of the heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is a stable 1.1 cm left axillary node and a 2 cm thyroid nodule in the left lower lobe. The left thyroid heterogeneous nodule is stable. The heart is stable and a pacemaker is in place. Heart and Vessels: There is stable biatrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC.
This is an overview of the results from a study of people with thoracic spine cancer who have had a CABG to see if there are changes in the structure of the lungs, airways, lungs, and pleura. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways: There are no new lung nodules or pleural effusions. There are some new pleural fluid leaks in the lungs but these are not severe. Lung and airway volume loss: There is a slight decrease in the size of lung nodule in the left lung (4 mm) which has been the same since the last CT from 2012. There is no change in size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is large. Heart and Vessels: No new heart enlargement. No pericardial effusion. Severe heart and artery calcifications are found in the coronary arteries. These are rare but can lead to heart and blood vessel blockage and can be life-threatening. Lung tissue is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Bone and soft tissues are normal. No new bone lesions have been found.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of patients with thoracoscopy to look for signs of cancer. Lungs/Airways: No cancer in the lungs. Some lung nodules were seen on the prior study from August 2021. Some of the nodules have resolved. There are no new pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Aorta measures up to 4 cm in the axial plane. There is no new large pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new lymph nodes have been found. Thyroid: Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the results of the imaging of the thoracic spine of people who have had a heart or lung transplants from the chest. Lungs/Airways: No major changes in lung size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal size of the heart and aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aortas. Pulmonary artery is a normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized part of the upper body organs are unimpressive. There was a small hernia in the hiatal hernia. No other problems were noted. Bone and Soft Tissues: No large bone lesions were seen. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There is a mixture of lung disease and paraseptal emphysema. There is also a pleural effusion in the lower lobe of the lung. There are no new pleural opacities in the right lung. The left lung also has a small effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Hilar lymph lymph nodes up to 1.0 cm and mediastinal lymph lymphnodes up to a 1.4 cm, both of which are not new. Heart and Vessels: The heart has a right chest port with the distal tip of the aortic valve and the heart's main artery. The heart chambers are not large and appear to be of a good size. The aorta is normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There were mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Upper pelvis findings: Please see the report for the pelvis. Bone and Soft Tissues: There are sclerotic foci in the bones. This is consistent with metastasis.
We found that the thoracic spine is normal in most of the patients, but not all of the lungs, heart, or airways. There are some calcified granulomas in the lungs that may be due to a blockage of the aortic blood flow. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The airways are clear. The heart is normal size and there is no sign of pericardial effusion or pleural blockage. Thyroid is normal and no changes in the number or size of the thyroids were found. There was no change in the density of the diaphragm bone. The spine does not seem to have changed in any other ways.
This is an overview of lung and airway disease in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: No pleural effusion. Pleural reticulations and mild traction bronchiectasis with some areas of subpleural sparing. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques. Stable 3 mm right upper lobe nodule (5:166). No pleuretic swelling. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic valve calcifications. Coronary artery and aortic valves have been found. Thyroid: Thyroid appears to be normal. There is no evidence of damage to the thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerotic foci, likely bone islands, with no signs of cancer. Mild gynaecostia.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest published scans of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways: Scattered calcified granulomas were found in the lungs. No new lung nodules have been found. No other lung or airway enlargements were found. The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a 1.3 x 0.8 cm nodule in the right breast in series 5 of CT series 221. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes have been noted in the spine.
This is an overview of the results of a large-scale study of lung, heart, and soft tissues of patients with emphysema. Lung and Heart: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and heart: There is upper lobe (right lung) disease with bronchiectasis. There is a new spiculate solid nodule in the left upper lobe 1.3 cm. There are other sub-5 cm nodules. Lung wall thickening, and mucus impaction. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. A calcification was seen in the breast of the left breast. Upper Abdomen: There are subcentimeter retroperitoneal lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: [Mediastinal lymph nodes with size up to 1.1 cm] is grossly stable. Hilar lymph nodes are difficult to assess due to noncontrast study.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the right lung of the lung and the right thyroid. No new or enlarging lung nodule was identified. There is a 1.6 cm left thyroid nodule. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. Sclerotic lesions in the right second rib are stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with pleural myomectomy. The findings show that lymphadenopathy of the left subpectoral and right pleural is stable. No other lymphadenopathies were found. There was no change in the size of the pleural lesion.
This is an overview of the results of the current research in this area. Lungs/Airways: The cavitary lesion in the right lung will remain the same in size when we next look at it in 2021. There are large pleural wall thickens and there is aneurysm of the aortic arch in this lesion. There is a large airway wall thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new pulmonary nodules. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Extensive plaques are found in the coronary arteries and aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary veins and arteries are present. There was no change in the size of the heart or vessels. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.. Stable dilation of the common bile duct. No changes in bone and soft tissues. Routine age-related changes are seen in the spine and neck. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the lungs of patients with lung cancer. No new or enlarged lung nodule was found. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural enlargement. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. The tumour appears to be stable in the right lung, as shown by the number of lung nodules in the centre of the lung on image 62 of series 5. There was no change in the size of any of the sub-4 mm lung nodles in the left lung. There were no changes in the shape of the diaphragm or the pelvis.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis of the same lung. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural swelling. There is no evidence of a tumour in the lungs. The CT showed that there are a few lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung, but the size and shape of these nodules are not clear. There was no evidence that the tumour had spread to the lungs or that there was any cancer in the pleural space. There were extensive arterial calcifications in both lungs, but these were not large or of high size. No lesions were found in the osseous lesion, but this is not known to be a sign of cancer.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the thoracic spine of a heart and lung transplant. The heart and lungs show no new or enlarging lung nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The aorta of the heart is normal size. There are no other findings to suggest that there is a problem with the lungs or airways. There is a normal course and size of the aortic artery and coronary artery. No changes in the shape of the sternum or sternus were seen. The liver and vessels show stable post-surgery changes. There were no new bony lesions. There was no change in the diameter of the thyroid gland.
This is an overview of the condition of patients in the chest after aortic valve and left atria surgery. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Endotracheal tube tip ends in the trachea. There is a moderate right and a small left lung effusion. There are overlying obstructions with air bronchograms that most likely are due to atelectasis, but there is a chance that some of these may be due to a split in the lung wall that would not have been seen on the initial lung scan. No patients have had a pneumothorax. Lung tubes: There are 2 cephalad-like tubes in the middle of the chest. One of these has a right course, which leads to the right pleura. The other tube has a left course. Both of these tubes end in the right lung. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is some fat stranding in the lymph nodes and post-operative edema. Heart and Vessels: The heart valve is still in place. The left atrium appears dilated. There was a small amount of simple fluid. No aggressive osseous lesion. Median sternotomy wires are not displaced. Ventral soft tissue stranding and coxa varus postoperative.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the thoracic trachea. Central airways are patent. No effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears to be large and of good size. The heart is in the lower lobe of the lung and measures up to 3.8 cm in length. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen in setting of high blood pressure. The spleen appears top normal to mildly enlarged. Enteric tube is present in the gastric lumen. No aggressive lesion was found. Prominent bilateral gynecomastia was seen. The C6 vertebral body was seen in part, but not in all cases.
We found extensive thickening of the bronchiolar wall and bronchial walls which may be due to bronchitis and/or asthma. There is a 3 mm pulmonary nodule in the left lung. The lungs are otherwise clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were seen. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The aorta appears to be the same in both men and women. The left hepatic artery has been removed from the aortic artery and replaced by the artery of the heart. There was no evidence of fluid in the esophagus. The lymph nodes are in both the anterior and posterior parts of the chest, neck, and right shoulder.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The heart size is normal. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy. The chest tube is 1.8 cm from the carina and the stomach tube 1.2 cm from it. There are some patches of patchy airways and pleural effusions, which may be due to fluid in the lungs. The lungs have thickening of the septal wall and there is a chance that this thickening may be caused by a blood clot in the pleural space, but this is not known to be the cause of the narrowing of the airway. The stomach tube is about 2.5 cm long and the heart is about the same size as the chest tube. No aggressive osseous lesion was found, but there was a trace of pericardial effusion.
The heart size is stably enlarged. There is no evidence of a large tumour in the chest or the abdomen. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the heart or abdomen. The heart is stable and there is no sign of pericardial effusion. The kidneys have not yet been identified. Bone and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the results of the most recent search of the medical records. We found that the heart size is normal, and that there is no evidence of heart valve rupture. There is a mild build-up of fluid in the upper lungs, which may be due to the patient's lack of fluids. There are no clear signs of narrowing of the airways. A 6 mm groundglass upper lobe nodule is still there, and other sub-4 mm nodules remain. The right thyroid nodule has not changed. The patient is again noted to be in a stable condition, and has not had a kidney cyst since having surgery to treat it.
This is an overview of the results from the most recent review of the heart and abdomen. The heart size is normal. There is no evidence of a large pleural effusion in the chest or of an atelectasis in the abdomen. There are no abnormalities in the bones or in the soft tissue. There was no change in the heart size. There were no changes in the size of the pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways: The trachea is midline and patent. There is no pericardial effusion. The heart is normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: There is dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There are no lymph nodes in the thoracic area. There was a granuloma in the left lower lobe of the heart of no clinical significance. The spleen is prominent but not enlarged. The right kidney is normal. The liver has a cyst in the liver and there are no new lesions since 2002. The gallbladder has a large cyst, but this did not show an increase in size on PET/CT in June 2012. This lesion did not change in size since 2002, which is a good sign. Pancreatic tissue has also not changed in size in the upper part of the pancreas since 2002 but this is not a concern as it is not thought to be of benefit to the patient. There have been no new tumours in the lower parts of the liver or in the lymph nodes. There were no new lymph nodes found in the neck area in 2018. There has been no change in the amount of fat in this area in the last 10 years. The sternum (shin bone) shows signs of thickening of the soft tissue surrounding the sternal manubrium. The spine shows a number of new lesions in the sternum up to 2018.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest available MRI of the lung and thoracic scans. There is a stable 1.9 cm cyst in the right lung with a thin wall. Mild emphysema is present. A new small pleural effusion is found in the left lung. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy. No aggressive lesion is seen. T12 compression fracture with associated vertebroplasty material is unchanged.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of people who have had a stroke. The main changes are in the number of lymph nodes and the size of the lungs. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease (bronchial wall thickening) and atelectasis in the lung bases are not seen in this group. Stable spread of pulmonary nodles, no new or large lung nodules, and heart and blood vessels are normal size. Upper Abdomen: There are no changes in bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal size and there are no new signs of thyroid cancer. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels are large and there is no pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is a long, thin artery that drains blood from the lungs to the heart. There is no change in the size and shape of the aorta. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No new bone lesions were found in the spine. Routine age-based changes are seen throughout the spine, but not in the neck or shoulders.
We found that the lungs were close to the same as before the operation, with mild bronchiectasis and a patch of groundglass (5/392) in the right lung, but this patch may be due to an infection. There is stable enlargement of the main lung artery (3.2 cm), which may be seen in the case of high blood pressure. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: There is a 2 cm increase in the size of the heart. No pericardial effusion. There are severe heart and blood vessel calcifications. The thyroid is heterogeneous. Ribs: No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there are multiple healing rib fractures. AICD is seen. The heart is stable and there is a 1.4 cm fat-filled lower paratracheal node, which is in the upper lobe of the lung. The stomach is stable. The liver is also stable. We found stable nodules in the left adrenal gland and in the heart, but these are not large enough to cause any harm. We did not find any changes in the shape of the sternum or sternal bone. The tumour of the stomach is not large. The other soft tissues are stable, but the heart and vessels are not stable.
We found that lung and airway changes were stable after surgery in the right lung. There is a cyst in the left lung with associated small airway findings. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart and vessels were normal size and no pericardial effusion was found. The thoracic spine had a normal course and size of the aorta and there was no change in the size or shape of the thyroid. There were no new bone lesions in the spine. We found no changes in the liver or kidneys. There was no new adenopathy in the lymph nodes. There are no new signs of large airway disease.
This is an overview of the findings from a review of patients with heart failure. The heart size is large and the blood pool in the left ventricle appears to be too low to be normal. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion, but there is a lack of blood in the heart and this may be due to anemia. There are no signs of trauma to the bones or soft tissue.
This is an overview of the findings from the published and unpublished research. We found that the size of the pulmonary nodule in the right middle lobe of the lung was the same as in the prior studies. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. The airways were clear. The heart and vessels were normal size. There was no thoracic adenopathy. There were no pericardial effusion and no new pulmonary nodules. The aorta was normal size and there was no change in the course and height of the aortic valve. The body of the heart was of normal size, and the vessels were of normal shape and size. Upper Abdomen: There were changes in the size and shape of the vertebrae in the T3, T4, and T6 vertebral bodies which have increased in size compared to the study from July 2021. Thyroid: Thyroid was normal.
This is an overview of the results of the CT scans of the heart and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways: There are stable changes to the right lung lobes. There is mild disease in the upper lobe of the lung, with a mild lung infection, and a few cysts. The airways are patent. There are no new pleural effusions. Thyroid: There is an unchanged sub-4 mm nodule in the right thyroid, for instance on series 4, image 79, which is at the top of the left lobe, on 1/23/2020. Calcified lymph nodes are seen in both interlobar and subcarinal lymph nodes, similar to prior, likely granulomatous in nature. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the lower left ventricle.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of patients with thoracitis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Common signs of large airway disease, including diffuse bronchial wall thickening, are not seen in this group. Mildly calcified lymph nodes are seen in the right and left lungs. Heart and Vessels: Normal size of the heart and arteries. No noncalcified adenopathy. Normal course and shape of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid growth is normal. No change in the size of thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from a new study of the thoracic spine. The spine is a thin and thinning network of veins and arteries in the neck and thorax. The bone is covered by a thin layer of bone and has a normal size and shape. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules. However, there is a large collection of lung deposits in the right lobe of the lungs. This is not new compared to prior studies. There is no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or large pleural nodules have been identified. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size. The aorta is normal size, but there are calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortic veins. The other parts of the body are not abnormal. The body is stable in terms of spine and neck. The evidence is up to date to September 2021.
This is an overview of the findings from the published and planned research. Lungs/Airways: There are multiple bilateral patchy groundglass opacities, most confluent in the left lung base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The main lung artery is enlarged up to 3.3 cm, which is larger than the aorta at this depth. There are also dilation of the lobar and lung arteries. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: There is not much difference in the size of the upper and the lower diaphragm. No changes in the number or size of lymph nodes. No thoracic adenopathies. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of published in The Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Pancreatic Diseases series 4. The review shows that there are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the left lung, but these are not of high risk. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the most recent scan of the diaphragms and pelvis. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. There are many metastases in the right lung, the largest measuring 1.6 cm in the lower paratracheal lobe. The lymphadenopathy is stable. No aggressive lesion has been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: There are a few lung nodules but no pleural effusions. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. There is three vessel coronary artery calcification. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There are degenerative changes of the spine. Thyroid gland: There is a calcified nodule in the left thyroid gland.
This is an overview of the post-surgery changes of the lungs and heart and the vessels. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable septal thickening and linear scarring in the right lung. No pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal course of the thoracic aorta. Heart and Vessels: Normal size of the heart. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary and aortas.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are in good condition. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. There is a spiculated mass with tethering of the right major fissure at its inferior portion. The nodule is approximately 1.6 cm long and has a thin esophageal wall which can be seen in people with GERD. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a scar in the lungs on the left lung, but no pleural effusions were found. No new or enlarging lymph nodes were seen. The airways are patent. There are scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. There is no thoracic adenopathy per size criteria. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers are normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. The aorta is of normal size and there is three-vessel coronary artery disease. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found in the pelvis. There were no changes in the heart or vessels.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: New lung nodules were found in the left lung. No pleural effusions were identified. There is a right chest port with the distal tip terminating in the mid to distal SVC. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Heart and Vessels: There was a right heart port with a port at the top of the heart and a heart artery with calcification at the base of the aorta. There was no thoracic adenopathy. The coronary artery has been calcified. There are no other abnormalities. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is an oesophagus-like lesion from the left thyroid gland. Rib fractures are seen in the right rib cage.
We found that there is a stable sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lobe of the lung. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were seen. There is mucus impaction in the upper lobe. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. The aorta is normal and the heart chambers appear normal. Upper Abdomen: We found a hiatal hernia in the pelvis. Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are stable sclerotic lesions in T1 and T10 vertebral bodies. There was a stable lesion at the level of T10 that expands the foramen and is 2.1 cm in size, likely a cyst. This is a perineural cyst, which is in the perineum and is thought to be caused by a blood clot.
The esophagus is distended with fluid, which may lead to aspiration. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive lesion has been seen. The tumour has not spread to the lungs.
This is an overview of the results from a review of the heart, lungs, lungs and airways of patients who have had a heart or lung surgery. The heart is large and healthy. There are no signs of blockage of the blood vessels or of the lungs. There is a large, but not large, thyroid gland with a nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size. The thyroid gland is not known to cause cancer. The lungs are not large and clear, but the heart is not large or clear. The aorta (the main artery in the heart) is small and the pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The liver is normal. The kidneys are normal and there is a cyst on the left kidney, which was seen in 2013. The right renal cyst was not large. No serious complications were noted. The surgery did not cause any harm.
This is an overview of the condition of the thoracic spine and chest wall. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are in the upper lobe (right lung) and the lower lobe (middle lobe) of the spine. There is a small amount of air in both lungs and a large number of pleural nodules (pulmonary tumours) that may be due to necrotic (dead) pneumonia. The heart and blood vessels are of normal size. Heart and Blood Vessels: The heart is normal size and there is no pericardial bleed. Pulmonary artery is a large blood vessel that leads to the lung. The lungs are in place with chest tubes in place. Lung and airway tip is in the mid trachea. Upper Abdomen: Upper part of the body is unaltered. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in the spine are seen with the age of the neck and spine. Significant amount of emphysema in the chest wall, which may be caused by a build-up of blood clots.
This is an overview of the findings from the published and unpublished research. We found that the heart appears to be normal in size. There is a borderline enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, which can be seen in patients with this type of cancer. The lungs are patent. No pericardial effusion was seen. The airways are patent and no pleural effusions were seen. There are multiple subcentimeter lymph nodes in the thoracic and axial lymph nodes. The thyroid is unremarkable. The right breast appears to have a new sub-3 mm lymph nodule in the right middle lobe, and there is an os acromiale on the right breast. The left breast has a new focus of air in the left breast, which was not seen before. The patient is currently in hospital.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the heart of the lungs. The lungs are at the front of the body and the heart is in the pelvis. Aortic and aortic arterial calcifications are seen. No pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, lung edema, or pneumothorax is found. No thoracic lymphadenopathies are found. There is a small hiatal hernia. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The heart size is enlarged. There are scattered granulomas in the upper lobe of the right lung. There is a 1.0 cm right posterior paratracheal lymph node (nosebleed) but no adenopathy was seen. The liver shows nodular contour and an enlarged caudate lobe. Upper abdomen shows a three-vessel coronary calcification.
This is an overview of thoracic spine and lung disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is large. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and arteries and aortas. No pleural effusion or atelectasis. Upper Abdomen: Bone and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: There is a large central tracheobronchial tree with multiple large lung nodules measuring up to 2.5 cm in size, the most of which is of concern for test disease. No lung swelling was noted. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size. There are no pericardial and great blood vessels. Heart and Vessels: There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and arteries. The great vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Large right renal mass is partially imaged. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid is unremarkable. No other abnormalities were noted.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart, and vessels of patients with pleural pleura who have had pleural angina. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is scarring in the right lung. A cyst is seen in the lower lobe. There is large airways disease. No new or enlarging nodules were seen. No pleural effusions were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. There are some coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found in the vertebral body of T8. Scattered sclerotic densities are likely to be due to bone isles and are not likely to cause any harm. There was a large collection of fluid along the biceps and subscapularis muscles.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal. No pleural effusions. Pulmonary artery is 3.0 cm long, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are no pericardial effusion. The lymph nodes are large and of poor size. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There is some lingular atelectasis. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Spine and Spine Tissue: There is a large number of lytic lesions in the spine with some of these in the right and left spine, among other sites the spine. It is unclear whether these are new or not, but a few are very large and some of them may be of interest.
The thoracic spine is a thin and thinning network of bones and cartilage, with a thin airway and a thin wall of blood. The lungs and airways are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. No pericardial effusion was found. The heart and vessels were normal size. No changes in the size of the aorta or the pulmonary artery were seen. There were no major problems with the liver or lungs. There was no change in the amount of blood in the lymph nodes or in the thyroid. The upper abdomen was not seen to have any abnormalities.
We found that there are multiple new metastatic lesions in the lungs, some of which are quite large. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. There is a stable subcentimeter hypodensities in the left thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: A chest port distal tip ends in the distal SVC. There are coronary calcifications of LAD. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. The left atrium is stably enlarged. No pulmonary artery effusion. The aorta is normal. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated CT of the pelvis for the findings of the T3 vertebrae and T8 vertebras. There was a large, but not large, mass in the spinal canal that may be due to a tumour that has not spread to the other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the results from the CT of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis.
This is a summary of the findings from the most recent search of the medical records. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thyroid enlargement. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Left chest wall therapy port tip ends in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: Status post right nephrectomy.
This is an overview of the findings from the CABG. Lungs/airways/Pleura: There are a few pleural effusions, greater on the left. Endotracheal tube is in place. There is a mucus plugging in the lower lobe of the bronchi. No central pulmonary embolism was seen. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No thoracic adenopathy was observed. There was a 7 cm fluid collection extending from the inferior pericardium, posterior to the xyphoid process. There are no other abnormalities. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there was a small swelling in the sternum. No other problems were noted.
This is an update of a review of lung and airways resection of the right lung and right lung wedge resection published in 2004. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a stable 1.5 cm ground glass nodule in the upper lobe of the left lung. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Breast lesion: A 9 mm breast lesion in the right breast may be a benign tumour that has not been grown back since surgery and may represent normal preserved tissue. Correlate with scheduled mammogram.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways: There is a large and stable lung consolidation in the left lobe of the lungs that has been there since at least October 2021. There are other stable lung nodules in the right lobe and in the lingula. There is also a small pleural effusion in the pleural space. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aorta and aortic valve calcified. Upper Abdomen: Reported in both breasts separately. T12 vertebral body compression fracture.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways: Sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules were seen, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 5, image 194. Nodules were not definitely seen on prior thick-section CT. There is bibasilar atelectasis. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. The aorta was of the same size as before. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy was found.
This is an overview of the results from the review. Lungs/Airways: No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion or pleural swelling. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring in the thorax) or lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and of good size. Coronary artery calcifications. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the results of the most up-to-date study. Lungs/Airways: No new enlarging or pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Emphysema. Lateral right middle lobe mucous plugging with atelectasis. Stable right lower lobe paravertebral and left lower lobe calcified granuloma.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new nodules were found in the right lung. There is a 1.3 cm subpleural groundglass nodule in the left lung, which has been there for at least 2010 and may be related to the surgery. No pleural effusion was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Pneumobilia may be due to prior surgery, stable. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Thyroid enlargement was not seen. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic calcifications were seen in the aorta and coronary artery. Upper Abdomen: Cholecystectomy was performed on the abdomen prior to the right lobe of the lung. No other abnormalities were seen. No new tumours were found after surgery.
We found that there is a stable 6 mm pulmonary nodule in the left lung at the top of the lung. There is no pleural effusion or pericardial effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Three-vessel coronary artery calcification is seen. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. There are no other major defects. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report on CT abdomen pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is a slight increase in the risk of metastasis of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebral body, from 0.7 cm to 1.2 cm.
This is an overview of the results from a wide-ranging review of heart, lungs, airways and airways of people with heart disease. Heart: Heart is normal in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Aortic valves have calcified. Lungs/Airways: Lungs are stable and the tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules have been found since the most recent examination in 2020. No changes in the number or size of sub-5 mm nodules. Lung and airway structure and function: Lung and lung tissue are healthy. No change in the size or shape of pleural or lung adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid growth is normal. No signs of cancer in the thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Older healed left-side rib fractures. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Normal course and size of the aorta.
This is an overview of the results from the review of thyroid surgery for aortic valve repair. Thyroid surgery was done to repair a valve in the heart. The heart valve is a valve that carries blood from the lungs to the stomach and the lungs. The valve was damaged and had to be repaired. There is a large blood pool in the lower lobe of the heart, which may be a sign of anemia. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic lobe, but there is a trace of pleural effusion. A right subclavian catheter (a tube that goes down the right side of the sternum) is in place. The tube leads to the right axilla (stomach) and the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No signs of pericardial effusion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. We found that the heart size is normal. There is some evidence of heart disease in the chest. There are scattered pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm, and there is no pleural effusion. The stents were placed in the celiac artery in the lower abdomen. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the lymph nodes. The main findings of this review are that: - There is heart and lung disease. - There are three-vessel coronary calcification. - No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. A 2 mm nodule was found in the left thyroid lobe of the heart. There is no new pulmonary nodule. A calcified granuloma was noted in the right lower lobe. There are no new lymphangioleiomyomatosis lesions. The heart size is normal. The pericardial effusion was not found. There was no pleural or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. There were no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No significant coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Stable left renal cyst with punctate calcions. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or lymph nodes. No pleural effusion or lung collapse. There is a mild lung wall thickening in the esophageal area. There are no new pleural nodules. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal normal in size. Coronary artery calcifications have been noted in the aorta. The right chest wall therapy port is in the SVC. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Diffuse bronchial wall thickens. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction were found (for example in the right middle lobe 5:279 and the lingula 5:253). Underlying mild emphysema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Mildly thickened esophagus wall. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous.
This is a summary of the results of the most recent review of the lungs and airways of the heart. The heart is normal in size. No new or enlarging nodules have been found since surgery in the upper lobe of the lung. The lungs are stable and have not changed in size since surgery. There is a small hole in the aortic wall which can be seen with heart disease. The aorta is thin and the main artery is dilated, which can also be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There are no other signs of heart or lung cancer. The condition is stable in the lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the results of CT of the neck and chest of the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large tracheobronchial tree and lymph nodes in the neck. There is no evidence of cancer in the lungs or airways. No suspicious nodules or mass. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Upper Abdomen: There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart is normal in size. The great blood veins are normal in length. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent, but evaluation of the internal jugular veins is limited.
This is an update of a post-surgery chest X-ray of the heart and lungs of a patient who was found to have a large vein in the left atria of the chest. This may be due to high blood pressure. The main pulmonary artery is also large, which may be seen when the heart is at high risk of clotting. Lungs/Airways: Low lung volumes. No pleural effusions. There is worsening bibasilar atelectasis and diffuse ground glass attenuation of the lungs, which is new from prior and is not known to be caused by the patient's disease. Again, there is mild bronchiectasis. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No large bone lesions were found. No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that lung and airways appear to be stable, with a few new micronodules in both lungs. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary calcifications. The aorta appears to be of the same size and shape as the other chambers. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable sclerotic foci in the right fourth and sixth lateral ribs.
This is an overview of the results of the post-opexy of the heart, lungs and airways of people who have had a mastectomies. The heart appears normal in size. There is a small hernia in the left ventricle, but no pericardial effusion. There are mild coronary calcifications. The right chest wall has a Chemo-port, which leads to the heart and the aorta. Lungs/Airways: Again seen are changes to the left lungs, with loss of volume of the left lung. The left basilar gas collection, is again seen, and the right lung has not changed. The upper lobe of the lung has the most severe emphysema. There was improvement in the right lungs, but this was not seen previously. Lung function is not yet stable. Mucus plugging in the bronchi is seen in the upper lobe. No aggressive bone lesions were seen, but there are some nonobstructive renal calculi. No thoracic adenopathies were seen. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large, but not large. The aortic valve is also large, measuring 3.7 cm in size, and there is a right heart wall that goes from the heart to the cavoatrial junction. Upper Abdomen: There are a large number of stapled stents on the left breast. The stents do not appear to be of any harm. The abdomen appears to be stable.
This is an overview of the results of the surgery to open the thoracic spine and look at the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and arteries are present. Upper Abdomen: Upper parts of the body are normal size and there are no new bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions. Bone and soft tissues: No new bones were found. Routine age-related changes in the spine are seen throughout the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent study of the right breast after surgery to the thyroid. The breast is stable post surgery. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No adenopathy of the thoracic bone. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathies.
This is a summary of the findings from a recent review of the thoracic spine of adults who have had an esophagectomy and gastric pull-through. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. Lung volume is low. Mild bronchiectasis in the lung bases is likely due to aspiration. No pleural effusion or lung collapse. Lung size is normal. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size with no pericardial effusion. Normal course of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas are found in both the main artery and the main vein. No adenopathy within the thorax by CT size tests. No air fluid in the mediastinum to suggest a leak in the conduit leak. Bone and Soft Tissues: No cancerous growths in the bone of the spine.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Lung and airways have thickened and there are many pleural tags. No pleural effusions have been found. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild dilatation of the descending aorta to 3.7 cm. Mild aortic calcifications, including valvular leaflets, are noted. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Bone and soft tissues: No serious bone lesions have been identified. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T8 vertebral bodies. Multilevel spine hemangiomas have been noted. The bone lesions are not thought to be aggressive. The largest of these is in the right leg, measuring 1.8 cm.
This is an overview of the results from a study of the size and shape of lung and airways in adults with thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is the same size as in adults. Upper Abdomen: Upper parts of the body are unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an overview of the results from the radiographs of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Cholelithasis.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and chest. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodles. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas. Abdomen: No changes in bone structure. No new bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of people with atrial fissures in the right lung and pleura of atrial septal disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no change in the size or shape of the lung or pleura. No left pleural effusions. Thyroid gland: No new thyroid adenopathy. No new thoracic adenopathies. Heart and Vessels: Mild left atrial heart and heart vessel calcifications and plaques along the aorta. Stable mild ectasia of aortic margin at 3.8 cm. No pericardial effusion. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest review of the heart and lungs. The heart is normal in size, and there was no pericardial effusion. There is a narrowing in the artery that leads to the aortic veins, which may be seen in people with high blood pressure. There are no signs of blood clots in the vessels. The lungs are thickened and there is mild thickening of the wall of the right lung. There was no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. The thyroid is well-preserved. The liver is normal, but there are some new calcifications in one of the coronary arteries, which are new from the last review. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The rib fractures were healed. The radiologist did not see any signs of cancer.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Lungs are normal in size. No pleural effusions were found. There is a mild atelectasis in the lungs, but this is not thought to be life threatening. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be healthy. No pericardial effusion was seen. There are mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: A 7 mm right hepatic cyst is again seen. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No thoracic adenopathy was found, but there is a small hiatal hernia.
This is an overview of the results from a study of people who have had a lung or airway surgery for thoracic cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new lung nodules were found after surgery. No new or enlarging lung nodles were seen. The nodularity along the right lung stump is the same as it was in the prior surgery. There was no change in the size of the right pleural space. The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. The heart is normal size and the aorta is of normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were found in the heart and vessels. Pulmonary artery is of good size. Upper Abdomen: There were no new bones or bone lesions in the upper arm or leg. No changes in bone size or shape. The bone in the arm and leg was of good shape. Thyroid: Atrophic thyroid was not found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura : There is patchy consolidation and groundglass opacities in the left lung with air bronchograms, in keeping with pneumonia. There is no cavitation. Central airways are patent. No effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that there is severe emphysema in both lungs. There is a narrowing of the mainstem bronchi, which can be seen in bronchomalacia. The tracheostomy tube ends in the upper thoracic trachea. Noted is a large stent in the lower bronchi. There are small airways impaction in both lung lobes. The aorta of the heart is normal in size, but there are three-vessel coronary arterial calcions. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which is a sign of high blood pressure. The abdomen has a small hernia. We found no signs of pleural effusion or lung injury. No signs of adenopathy of the lungs were noted. The hernia is not thought to be aggressive. The heart and vessels of the aortic artery show signs of atheroscleroties. We did not find any signs of arterial blockage.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Clear lungs. No signs of lung cancer or pleural effusion. Calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe of the lung is of moderate size. No other lung or airway nodules or masses. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left axillary lymph nodes measure up to 1.0 cm but have a normal fatty hilum suggesting benign etiology. No further enlargement of lymph nodes was found. Heart and Vessels: There is a mild heart problem with a large enlargement in the heart. Aorta is normal in course and size. There are no coronary artery or aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions. Mild gynaecopharyngeal cysts.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of CT scans of the heart, lungs, lungs and airways. The heart and blood vessels are normal in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. There was no change in the size of the subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe (series 4, image 325). Stable 5 mm nodule was found in the left lower lobe (number 282). The number of smaller nodules remained the same. There were no changes in the diameter of the lymph nodes. The thyroid is unremarkable. There are no pericardial effusion and no coronary artery calcifications. There is no evidence of any cancer in the blood vessels.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways and Pleura: Lungs: There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild groundglass opacities noted, for example left lower lobe 3:357. Scattered pulmonary nodules are noted (for example 3 mm left lungs 3:117). No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased number of subcentimeter lymph nodes with subcarinal lymph nodes. This can be seen as a feature of ILD. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Severe coronary artery calcifications. Aortic and aortic valve calcifications were not seen. No pleural or lung effusion was noted. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis.
This is a summary of an overview of the available information from the review. Aortic dissection has been done in patients with aortic aorta stenosis. The patient had heart surgery on the thoracic artery at the top of the chest to fix the valve valve (right ventricle) and had an atria (the valve valve is in the heart) and pulmonary artery on the bottom. The heart is not large, but has a thin wall of platelets (cells) that help with blood flow. There was no evidence of lung or airway adenopathy. No signs of infection. There is a small pleural effusion, but no signs of pneumonia. No heart defects were found. No pericardial effusion was found. Heart and vessels: The time of contrast was not adequate to assess the size and shape of the heart and vessels. A flap is seen in the common carotid arteries.
This is an overview of lung and heart surgery for adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is in the right atrium. Blood pool is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. Moderate-sized pleural effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been found.
This is an overview of the results from the review of lung and airways and the heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways: Improved bronchial impaction at the right lung base. No new lung nodules or lung enlargement. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: No new or enlarging lung nodles or large lymph nodes were found. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous and soft tissues: No major bone lesions were seen. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications were noted.
This is an overview of the results from CT of the lungs/airways/Pleura. Lungs/Airways: Lungs are the lungs and airways of the chest and are the largest part of the body. We found that there is a lot of thickening in the bronchial wall in the lower lobe (4:313) and there is scarring at the base of the lung. There is also mild scarring in the right lung and at the lung bases. There are no signs of trauma to the lungs or the airways. Thyroid: No signs of thyroid damage. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: High density material in the gallbladder, most likely due to excretion of contrast from intravenous treatment, is seen in the upper abdomen. No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia on the right side of the esophagus which can be seen in patients with GERD. No pneumothorax. Mild of the right hemidiaphragm.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the heart, lungs and airways of patients at risk for lung cancer. CT was done to look for signs of lung cancer and to see if there were any new lung cancer cells. There were no new lungs or airways lesions. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta and pulmonary artery are enlarged, which may be seen in people with high blood pressure. There is no pericardial effusion. Small hiatal hernia was noted. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the results from a large-scale study of the thoracic spine. The main findings are that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pleural blockage. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: See separate reports for findings below the diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is difficult to measure due to an atelectasis in the other lung. Other scattered lung nodules have not changed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Lungs are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No new bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the images. Routine age-related changes in the spine are seen with age.
We found that the lungs and heart of the heart appear normal in size. There are a few scattered groundglass nodules in the upper lobe of the right lung, but no new tumours have been found. The left lung has a few new nodules, but these did not change the size of the lung. The right lung also has a new mass-like mass in the right upper lobe, which may be a new lung tumour, but this is not new. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal and the port in the chest appears to be of the same size as the heart.
This is an overview of the results from a study of the size and shape of the heart and vessels of the aorta. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. There were no lung enlargements or other lung abnormalities. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were noted. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Although the study was not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries, it did find a filling defect of thromboembolism in the right lung artery (4/168) that was found to be of a large size. Mild heart and artery calcifications were seen. Upper Abdomen: We found a large number of splenic (under the skin) granulomas. The thyroid gland is nodular. Stable small hiatal hernia was found. No heart defects were found in the study. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but bone and soft tissues were reported to be at risk.
This is an overview of the results of the review of lung and airways and heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion was seen. There is mild bibasilar air trapping on expiratory view. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. The heart appears normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion. There are no aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: There were no major bone lesions in the upper body. The body is stable after cholecystectomy.
We found large airway changes in the lungs including thickening of the bronchial wall and areas of mucoid impaction. We found no pleural effusion or airway collapse. The heart and vessels of the lungs are normal size. No pericardial effusion. There are a few pulmonary nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, but these are no more than in the study from 2017. The liver is normal size and there are no signs of cancer. The bones of the thoracic spine are healthy and no bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the condition of the chest tube and other parts of the abdomen. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Endotracheal tube in good position. Small right hydropneumothorax. There is a persistent known leak with air tracking from the esophagus to the mediastinum (5:357). There is no evidence of necrotizing infection. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course of the aorta and calcified valve. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tubes end at the base of the diaphragm. Two left chest tubes end in the stomach. No drainable collection or abscess was noted.
This is an overview of the post-surgery changes of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and amount of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Healed sternotomy and breast implants in place. No new bony lesions in the sternotomy area. No aggressive bony disease in the breast area. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is a summary of CT of the chest wall and lungs and airways of patients with chest cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: Mild emphysema. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a mild enlargement of a lymph node in the left upper lobe of the lung. This enlargement was noted on prior PET and is not thought to be related to the cancer. The lymph node is 1.2 cm in long axis and 7 mm in short. There was no hilar or mediastinal adenopathy by CT size criteria. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial swelling is noted. There are severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in the size.
This is an overview of the results of the review of the thoracic spine. We found that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and blood vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic aorta is normal size, and coronary artery calcifications are found in both the heart and aortic valve. There is no change in the size of the heart or blood vessels. No changes in the shape of the lungs or airways or in the pleural space. The liver and lungs are clear. Thyroid and lymph nodes are also clear. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis is a condition that affects the lining of the lower spine. There were no new bone lesions in this area. The remaining organs of the body were not seen to have any changes.
We found that the lungs and airways were clear and the heart and vessels were normal in size. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic spine. The thyroid gland was not seen in any of the scans. There is a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the left carotid artery from the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is an overview of the condition of the heart and lungs/airways/pleura. The heart has aortic valve calcifications. The pulmonary artery is the largest artery in the lungs and the main artery of the lungs. The main artery leads to the heart. There is a narrowing in the aorta and a narrowing of the main vein. This narrowing may have been caused by a blood clot in the artery. There are no major problems with the heart or lungs. However, there is a large amount of secretions in the trachea and pleura. There may be a hole in the pulmonary artery that may lead to lung collapse. This hole may not have been there before the heart was built up. There was no evidence of a hole after surgery to the right or left of the atria. The left atrium has not yet been filled in. The right atrium drains in place. The artery that feeds the heart is not large. The other main artery is large and narrow. This artery drains in the left and should be filled in after surgery. The arterial drain should be placed in the distal left brachiocephalic vein.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No lung enlargement. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no coronary arteries or aortic veins with calcified blood vessels. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways: Lungs and airways/Pleura: The main lesion in the right lung is still there, measuring 5.3 x 2.7 cm in size, and there are a few other nodules at the top of the lung. These are all stable and have not changed in size since the last CT. No other lung nodules have been found. The left lung has not been examined in the same way. No new or enlarged nodules were found. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Radiotherapy was not used.
This is an overview of the results from the review of CT and MRI of the heart, lungs, airways, liver, and other parts of the body. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be of good size. Severe coronary calcifications are seen. Normal course and size of the aorta. There is a large left pleural effusion and a large atelectasis in the right atrium. Thickening of the pleura is seen, best seen on coronal reformats. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. A right upper lobe granuloma is seen. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Upper Abdomen: Status post Roux-en-Y gastric bypass. Status post cholecystectomy. Cirrhosis of the liver. There are many varices in the abdomen.
This is an overview of the results of CT of the heart, lungs, and pelvis of the same day. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are of good size. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. The left vertebral artery is not connected to the heart by a blood stream from the aorta.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of patients who have had a stroke. The main changes are in the upper lobe of the spine and in the lungs. There are no major lung or airways problems. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there are no signs of heart disease. There is no evidence that the heart or vessels have changed in size or shape, but there are signs of large airway changes. The spine is stable.
We found that there is a moderate large right pneumothorax in the upper lung wall with a mixture of the lungs and the airways. There is bronchiectasis (scarring) of the lung wall in the lower lobe. There are no signs of trauma to the lungs. The heart is normal in size. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion was seen. The main pulmonary arteries are enlarged, with a diameter of 3.7 cm, and the ascending aorta measuring 3.5 cm. No other abnormalities were found. The chest tubes are in place. We are not sure how long the tubes will be in place, but it is unlikely that they will be needed for long. We do not know the cause of the enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, but this may be due to high blood flow in the lungs caused by high blood pressure. No signs of bone or soft tissue damage were seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Lungs: Mild bronchiectasis, mostly in the right lung, is seen in the upper lobe of the lung, but not in the left lung. There is no endobronchial lesion or any evidence of secretions. No pleural effusions. Subpleural reticulations are also seen, but there is no evidence of any pleural discharge. Thyroid: No signs of thyroid adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Aortic calcifications are found in the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Postsurgical changes in the breast and left axilla were seen in both the left breast and the right breast.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: There are new clusters of peribronchial groundglass opacities in the left lung and in the upper lung. There are no pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion was seen. There were mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: A TIPS catheter was seen in the abdomen. There is hepatic cirrhosis. The spleen is stably enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Ribs: There is a remote compression deformity of T6 vertebral body and a healed sternal fracture. The left side of the sternal bone appears to have healed. The right-side ribs appear to have a healed fracture in the sternum. Cervical implants have not yet been seen. The spine is in good condition. There was no evidence of a fracture of the collarbone. There appears to be a thin line of metal in the thorax. The liver is in a stable condition.
We found that lung and airways are stable and there is a sub-4 cm subsolid nodule in the right lung (sub-4 mm nodule 1.3 cm), which is still there at the end of the study. There are no other sub-3 cm nodules. There is mild paraseptal and centrilobular lung disease. No pleural effusions were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There were mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. There was no thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the tracheobronchial tree. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. There was no new or worsening of existing nodules. No lung swelling. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in height. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The esophagus is clamped with a drain and drain, drain in the spinal canal and drain through the thoracic cage. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a mild increase in pleural effusion in both lungs, but this is not a new event. A new small lung effusion on the right side of the lungs has been cleared of fluid and a new large airway has opened up. This is a new case of pleural atelectasis, which is a rare event. There is no evidence of a change in the heart or lungs. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No new bone lesions were found. Cervicothoracic spinal fixator is still in place and in place.
This is an overview of the results from the review of heart and lungs, with a focus on heart and blood vessels. The heart appears to be stable and the lungs and airways are not yet stable. However, there is a change in the size and shape of some of the lungs. There is also a thickening of mucus plugging in the lungs, which may be due to blockage of the airways. The lymph nodes are stable and have not changed in size. The tumour is confined to the lower lobe of the heart. The blood pool in the heart is too low to cause anemia.
This is an overview of the findings from CT scans of the same day as the surgery. The CT scans show that there is a large and stable tumour in the sternal lobe of the right lung. There is a subpleural nodule in the left lung and a large, stable, but not large, subleural metastasis. The heart is normal in size. No pleural effusion was noted. No new pulmonary nodule was found. No pulmonary edema was seen. The thyroid is unremarkable. There are no new osseous metastases. There was a stable soft tissue nodule on the right breast at the confluence of the brachiocephalic veins and no new metastases were found. The right mastectomy bed had a stable or decreased amount of fluid in the bed after the mastectomy. There were no new pleural or lung metastasis or pleural pleural edema. The tumour has not spread to the lungs or the airways.
This is an overview of the findings from a large-scale, high-resolution CT of the lungs, heart, lungs, and pelvis of the thyroid gland. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be normal. There is a large nodular nodularity in the right lung, and a small, but not large, mass in the left lung. No pleural effusion was found. There are scattered granulomas (granulomas) in the upper lobe of both lungs. Thyroid gland: No adenopathies were found in the lower lobe. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. The thyroid gland appears to be unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Small pericardial effusion. Bone and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest published MRI of the heart, lungs, lungs and airways of a heart and vessels of the aorta. The heart appears to be of good size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. Lungs/Airways: There is a mild lung disease in the left lung (paraseptal emphysema) and a small hernia in the right lung (bochdalek hernia) on series 4, image 301. There is no thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion was seen. There are stable hepatic cysts measuring up to 2.8 cm in the upper lobe of the left hepatic lobe. S-shaped scoliosis is seen. The right breast has a round density within the right breast. Upper Abdomen: There are no aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesion was seen below the diaphragm.
This is an overview of the findings from the most recent study of this type. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. There is some evidence of large airway disease including bronchial wall thickening. This appears to have progressed since the prior study. The lungs have a narrow airway in the lower lobe and the airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic aorta has normal course and size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortic veins. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings from a CT scan of the lungs/airways/Pleura. The lungs are clear and there are no signs of lung cancer. The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are large and of good size. Upper Abdomen and Pelvis: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Bone scan showed a healed fracture of the sternum. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. No signs of disease in the neck or neck area. No evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic bone. No other abnormalities were noted. The thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs and airways of the heart and lungs from the same day. There is no evidence of lung disease. There are no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size, and there is no pericardial effusion. The aorta is aneurysmal, and the pulmonary artery is of good size. The lymph nodes are normal. The thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the results of the surgery to remove the lobe of the lung and the lobe wedge and resect the lobe and lymph nodes. Lungs/Airways: Lungs are stable. No new or enlarged nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. Aorta is normal size and course of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia. No more than 1.2 cm right paratracheal lymph node in the right ear. Bone and Soft Tissues: No major bone disease or cancerous growths.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of patients with fibrotic lung disease. The results show that there is a trend for the lungs to get worse and that the heart and blood vessels are again enlarged. However, the airways are still clear and no pleural effusion was seen. There is no evidence of lung adenopathy. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. The esophagus is covered with a thin layer of fluid, which may be reflux. The liver is too small to assess. There are no signs of bone or soft tissue damage in the lower lobe of the lung. The heart and vessels of the heart are again mildly enlarged. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged, which is a sign of high blood pressure. The ascending aorta is normal. No heart or blood vessel calcifications were seen. The body of the thyroid gland is unremarkable.
We found that the left upper lobe groundglass nodule has increased in size and size, now measures 1.5 cm (4:133). There is no solid component on mediastinal windows. Other scattered nodules are stable. The thyroid is also stable. We found no changes in the size or shape of the other nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: Aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair. Dense calcifications in the aortic veins. Coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial swelling. No chest wall ICD leads end in the right atrium and the right ventricle. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Bone and soft tissues: No new bone lesions have been found. Coarse calcification in both breasts.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The original review was last updated in 2013. The review now has been updated in 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules or lymph nodes. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement. Aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Hepatic hypodensities too small to assess. Urinary tract (kidneys) and soft tissues (e.g. skin, muscle, bone) not affected by cancer.
This is an overview of the results from a large, long-term study of heart, lungs, airways and pleura of people who have had heart disease. The heart appears normal in size. There is a large mass in the right lobe of the lungs, which is likely to be the same size when the next large study is done in 2021. However, there is a small, but dense mass which abuts the esophagus. No pleural effusion was noted. The lungs are patent. The pleura is thickened and there is an enlargement of the left supraclavic lymph node. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the upper body. No pericardial effusion or narrowing was found. Severe atherosclerotic coronary artery calcifications were seen in the heart. Upper body: There was no change in the size of the lower lobe mass, but this mass is large. There were no changes in the lungs or airways. The lymph nodes are similar to those found in the chest.
This is an update of a review of lung and airways disease in adults. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging nodules or new dense nodules have been found. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. No pericardial effusion, but heart is in shape. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction are noted.
This is an overview of the results of the review. Lungs/Airways: Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea. Stable 5 mm right middle lobe nodule (4: 3:15) and 3 mm left lower lobe micronodule. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Increased subpleural reticulations are seen in the left and right lower lobe and a thin-walled cyst in the right lobe. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery disease including dense calcifications in the LAD. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions. Small hernia. No pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No thoracic adenopathy. Aorta is normal in course and size. Upper Abdomen: Aortic artery, aortic and mitral annular calcifications. Clavicles &amp; Scapulae: No fracture was seen on cross-sectional images. Rib Cage andamp; Sternum: No acute osseous injury. Bone in the back of the spine: Rib cage and sternum are old and healed. No fractures were seen on the cross-sections of the rib cage nor on the sternum. Bone and soft tissues: Bilateral breast calcions. Biopsy clipping in the left breast.
We found that lung and airways disease is the most likely cause of this condition. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways diseases. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Dense mitral annular calcification. Upper Abdomen: Reported alone. No aggressive bone lesions. Small hernia in the right breast. Paraesophageal varices.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways and Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Thymic tissue in the anterior mediastinum. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aorta is of normal size and course and the size of the blood vessels. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No serious bone disease.
This is an overview of the results from the most up to date study. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Scattered areas of mucus plugging for example in the bronchus, but no pleural effusions. Diffuse thickening of bronchial wall. No new or enlarging lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T8 compression deformity in the anterior chest wall. Stable soft tissue nodule in the right upper lobe (3:417).
We found that the lungs and airways are normal in size. There is a small hernia in the upper lobe of the right lung, which may be seen in the case of high blood pressure. There are no pericardial effusion. The heart appears to be large and the main pulmonary artery is of good size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The right atrium of the heart is large and there is no evidence of blockage. The left atrium is small and there are no indications of obstruction of the blood flow. The kidneys are not clearly marked. The thoracic spine has multilevel subchondral lucencies in the endplates. The liver and lungs are normal size.
This is an update of the original review from April 2021. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: Difficult to compare to April 2021 examination due to changes in the right lung that were not seen on the April review. New subpleural reticules and bronchiectasis in the left lung have been seen and may have been resolved. The right breast mass now measured 2.5 x 2.0 cm. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area. Thyroid: Thyroid mass is normal size. No signs of cancer. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion. Aortic valve calcifications. Coronary artery and aortic valves have not yet been seen. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the post-surgery changes in the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarged pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. No changes in coronary artery size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No new bone lesions below the diaphragm. Thyroid: Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild biapical scarring. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size and appears to be normal in shape. [Thyroid enlargement was not seen with thyroid surgery. No other abnormalities were noted. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathies were found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and of good size. Normal course and size of the aorta.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules or large nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement appears to be unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications have been found. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the thoracic spine and heart. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. Stable scarring of the anterior left lung lobe from prior surgery was found. The airways are clear. There was no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No adenopathy of the chest wall. Thyroid enlargement: The thyroid is enlarged, similar to prior. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Finding below the diaphragm is not reported.
This is an overview of the findings from the published and planned research. We found that there are a few lung nodules in the right lung and a few in the left lung but overall the lungs are clear. No new or enlarging lung nodles were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size with no pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is also normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aorta are seen. Upper Abdomen: The upper part of the body is clear and there are no aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the published and unpublished research. We found that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The aortic valve is still in place and the aorta measures up to 4.2 cm in height. There is some patchy repair of the heart valve and the narrowing of the artery is still there. There are no pleural effusion or lung effusion. The thyroid is normal. The liver is also normal. There was no new growth of lymph nodes in the right lobe of the lung. There were no changes in other parts of the body. The thoracic spine has not changed in age-related changes. The heart and vessels are still of good size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas remain. The largest of these is a cyst in the left kidney. No pericardial effusion was found.
This is an overview of the results of the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Lungs: The tracheobronchial tree (tracheotomy to open the airways) is patent. There is some evidence of bronchiectasis and scarring on the right lung. There are no signs of pleural effusions. No signs of pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with aortic enlargement and heart defects. The aorta measures 39 mm and the main pulmonary artery (aortic vein) measures 32 mm. Severe anemia can be seen in the blood pool in the myocardium, which is a sign of anemia. Thyroid: Thyroid is a small mass in the lower part of the neck. The lymph nodes are large and show signs of swelling, with some swelling on the top of the head. No changes in the body wall. Upper Abdomen: The body wall has a thinning of the spine. No change in body wall edema is seen. The esophagus has fluid in the upper part, which may be due to reflux or reflux.
We found a 1.2 cm density in the right lobe of the heart that is lobulated. There is a trace pericardial effusion. Heart is normal in size. The aorta is extensive atherosclerotic. Severe coronary arterial calcifications are present. No acute fracture was found. No aggressive lesion. No hematoma was identified. The pelvic ring and femurs are nondiagnostic for fracture due to lack of movement. No lymphadenopathy was noted. The pelvis is not known to have a bone fracture. The liver, gallbladder, pancreas, pancrose, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable, with one punctate splenic calcion and one left renal cyst. There are no bowel obstruction, ascites, or lymphadenitis. The bladder may be due to the use of an airway. No airways were found in the pelvis. No fractures were found.
We found that the lungs were clear and clear after surgery to remove the air in the chest. There is a small amount of air left in the pleural space, which could represent the need for air to be pumped back in. However, there is no evidence that this is a problem that should be a concern. The lungs are clear of blood clots. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. There are no signs of infection in the upper lobe of the lungs, but this may be due to the presence of an infected spot. The kidneys are not clear of signs of scarring. The bladder wall is thickened, which may be a sign of cystitis. A tube from the stomach looping around the stomach ends in a tube in the gastric body. No bowel blockage was noted.
This is an overview of the results from a recent CT examination of the thoracic airways of a man who had a stroke (stroke of the left lung) and a tracheostomy tube was placed through the trachea (tracheal tube) to the lungs. There is some loss of lung volume in the left lobe of the right lung. There are no signs of pleural effusion or lung collapse. However, there is a mild loss of volume in both the right and left lungs. The left lung is still filled with fluid. The right lung is not filled with blood. No signs of pericardial effusion. No new signs of a stroke were found. The spine of the neck appears unchanged. There was no change in the height of the vertebrae of the spine. The tube used for the tube to enter the lungs is in the middle of the abdomen and does not reach the top of the lung. The catheters are in the duodenum. No changes in the condition of the upper abdomen were seen.
This is an overview of the condition of patients in the ICU of a neonatal ward at a tertiary care centre in the US. All patients are in a stable condition. There are 2 left chest tubes and a mediastal drain. There is no pleural effusion. The heart size is large and the chest tube is in place. There appears to be some narrowing of the airways in the lower lobe of the lungs, as seen by air bronchograms. There seems to be a thickening of the septal wall and there is some evidence of fluid in the upper airways. No aggressive osseous lesion was found, but there is a chance that it may be due to a blockage of the bowel. The chest tubes are in place and the drain in the middle of the chest is clear.
This is an overview of the condition of a patient who was found to have a chest tube and chest wall collapse. There is mild pleural emphysema in the left lung, but the heart size is normal. The spleen is large, measuring 15.3 cm in length, and the patient is still in a stable condition. There was no change in the patient's heart size after the sternotomy and CABG. The patient had cholecyst surgery for a tumour of the gallbladder.
This is an overview of the condition of a patient who had a wedge resection in the left lobe of the chest. The patient is again noted to be in a stable condition. The heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no new pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. A right hepatic lobe cyst is still present. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
We found that the heart is normal in size. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart vessels and aortic arch. There is a left-sided aorta arch with a normal arch anatomy. The trachea is midline and patent. Lungs/airways/pleura: There are several lung nodules in the right and left lungs, and a 5 mm nodule in the upper lobe of the left lung. No pulmonary consolidation. No pleural effusions. No airway effusion. The heart is at least as large as it should be. Mild to moderate atherosclerosis of the coronary arteries. Heart and vessels: The heart has a right-side arch and is not connected to the other major artery in the body. The other major arteries are patent. Lumbar spine: There is multilevel degenerative change of the thoracic spine with flow of bone from the spine to the pelvis. This is a type of lumbar osteoporosis. Pancreas: The pancreas is thinning and there is a fatty build-up of fat on the surface of the skin. No signs of cancer. Adrenal glands: Left adrenal gland is nodular. Thyroid gland is normal. Kidneys: Multiple left renal cysts, the largest of which is up to 8.9 cm, in both the left and right kidney. No hydroureteronephrotic or nephrolithosis. No gallbladder. Bowel: We found a thinning of the stomach wall and an under the skin of the gut. No bowel blockage. Spleen: The sclerotic lesion on the left ilium is of a large size and is likely to be of the same size as the rest of the ilium. No other lesions were found. The appendix is not large or large. No abdominal blockage or bowel obstruction. The gallbl
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The heart size is normal. The blood pool in the left ventricle is not large and the blood inside the heart is low. There is no increased reticulation or damage to the heart wall. There was no significant air trapping in the chest. There are no signs of bronchiectasis (bronchial blockage) or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was found in the lower lobe of the heart. Upper abdomen: A left perinephric hematoma was seen in the upper arm. The visualized portion showed a decrease in attenuation since 10/12/2021.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The heart size is stably enlarged. There is no evidence of heart enlargement or pericardial effusion. There was an increase in the amount of air in the lower lobe of the lungs with air bronchogram, but there was no clear change in the upper lobe. No pleural effusion was noted. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the heart or lungs. No aggressive osseous lesion was found, but bone and soft skin emphysema were found. No loculated fluid was seen.
This is an overview of the findings of the review of published in a number of medical journals. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. The review shows that there is an increase in right supraclavic adenopathy in the thyroid lobe of the neck, with new mass on the right thyroid lobe. However, there is a decrease in the size of the inferior mediastinal adenopathies. There is no evidence of a change in the heart size. The left brachiocephalic vein remains, although the confluence of the vein and the saphenous vein remains is severely narrowed. Other mediastal nodes have also decreased, as shown by a 1.5 cm pretracheal node (tartar) that was previously at least 2.4 cm in size, and an axillary node that was 1.9 x 1.1 cm, both of which were previously 1.2 x 2.0 cm. The heart size is normal. A small pericardial effusion (hole in the middle of the chest wall) has not changed. Upper abdomen: There are few visualized parts of the upper abdomen that can be seen, and these are unremarkable. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The heart size is normal. There is a 3 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe of the chest that has not changed since 2014 and is thought to be benign. No new lung nodule has been found. The aneurysm in the thoracic aorta is large, measuring 4 cm at the level of the right main pulmonary artery, and was previously 4.2 cm. No pleural effusion was found. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or lymphoma in the chest. The abdomen and pelvis were not examined. Bone and soft tissue were also noted, and there are some old rib fractures. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
This is an overview of the results from the TAVR procedure. The heart and aorta of the thoracic spine are normal size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size and there is no evidence of narrowing of the veins. Pulmonary artery is a normal size, but there are calcifications of the heart and vessels. There is no change in the size of the lungs or the airways. The liver and lungs are clear. The stomach is large and has a large hernia. The breasts are normal and no changes in size or shape of the breasts are seen. No changes in bone or cartilage are seen in the breast tissue.
This is an overview of the results from the most recent search of the medical records. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart is normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The port tip of the chest tube is in the superior cavoatrial junction. The aorta is long and narrow. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. No aggressive bone lesions. No lung or airway lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No mediastinal, hilar, or axillary adenopathies.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine in adults. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No cancerous bone or lymph nodes.
We found that a sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung is stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive lesion was seen. There are other lung nodules in other parts of the body, but none of them are stable. The tumour appears to be confined to the diaphragm area.
This is an overview of the results from the radiographs of the thoracic spine. The radiographs show that there are no new or large lung nodules. There is some scarring in the lower lobe of the lung, most prominent on the left, but no new nodles have been found. The heart and blood vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion was found in the aorta. No pleural effusions were seen. The thorax is clear. No adenopathy within the thorax. No new or enlarging lung nodles. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there were changes in the spine due to age-related degenerative changes.
This is an overview of the findings from the published and planned research. Lungs and Heart: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid.
We found a 5 mm right upper lobe lung nodule that is not thought to be from metastatic cancer. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive lesion was seen. The tumour appears to be confined to the diaphragm area of the lung and has not spread to the lungs.
This is an overview of the effects of metastasis in the lungs, heart, and other soft tissues. Lungs/Airways: There is a marked increase in the size of new lung nodules in the right and left lungs. There are no new pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Moderate pericardial effusion is again seen. There is worsening mass effect on the left main lung artery, with preserved flow. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT of the upper abdomen/pelvis for the same question. Mediastinum/Lymph Nodes: There are still large lymph nodes in the lower lung and heart. The esophagus is patulous.
This is an overview of thoracic spine disease and lung and airway changes. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Platelike atelectasis in the lung bases. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with a greater presence in the right lung. Signs of large airway disease, such as thickened bronchial wall, are seen. Heart and Vessels: Normal size of the heart and aorta. No changes in the size or shape of the coronary artery. Lung and heart wall thickening is seen, but no changes in size, shape, or depth of the lung wall. No major pleural blockage is seen. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid enlargement is well-treatable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and heart. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aorta. Right-side chest port with catheter tip in the right atrium.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the chest wall of the heart. The CT scan shows that there is a large aortic valve calcification in the right chest wall. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural swelling. Severe calcification of the aneurysm in the main artery (the aorta) is noted. There are also extensive calcifications in the heart wall and in the major artery. No signs of angina were found. There was no change in heart rate or blood flow. However, there was a change in the size of the myocardium and a narrowing of the artery wall. This may have been due to the presence of a blood clot in the artery.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: There is bibasilar consolidation in the right lung and reticulum and there is some scarring/atelectasis in the top lobe of the lung. No thoracic adenopathy was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart seems to be enlarged. There is a small pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Status post gastric banding with stable position and an appropriate phi angle. The stomach wall is thickened. Thyroid: Thyroid nodules are seen on the left side of the thyroid and are thought to be from the thyroid gland. No signs of malignancy were found in the neck or chest area. No new bone lesions were found after surgery.
This is an overview of the condition of the heart and blood vessels in people who have had a stroke. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is narrow and narrow. There are mild changes in the size and shape of the coronary artery. There is no evidence of aortic stenosis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs are clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: The kidneys have shrunken and are atrophied. The right adrenal calcification is likely from a remote inflammatory or hemorrhage process. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There was stable dextroscoliosis.
This is an overview of the condition of patients with COVID pneumonia. All patients are in the ICU at a neonatal ICU in neonatal intensive care. All are alive. All have been ventilated and chest tube is in place. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Tracheostomy in place and airway is clear. Heart and Vessels: Right IJ ECMO cannula terminates in the right atrium. Femoral approach ECMO and PICC cannula end in the same place. Left upper extremity P ICC tip ends in the SVC. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates just above the diaphragm. Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No serious bone lesions, but there is a mild case of joint pain in the left leg. Mild to mild joint pain. No signs of trauma to the lungs.
This is an overview of the results from a comprehensive literature search of the published and non-published sources. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening is likely to be due to the growth of bronchial wall (tracheobronchial tree) and pleural effusion, but no pleural or lung swelling. No new or large tumours have been found outside the treatment field. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is not large, but the aorta is large. Aortic calcified growths are not seen. Upper Abdomen: No changes in the size or shape of the tumour. Tonsils: Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body. No changes have been seen in other parts of the body. Mediastinum and Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathies. No thoracic adenitis.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size with no pericardial effusion. Normal course of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive lung lesions. Thyroid: Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the lungs of a man with pleural pleural myofascial leukaemia. The scan shows that there is a sub-5 mm lung nodule in the right lobe of the lung, which is stable, and that there are other small nodules in the left lobe which are stable as well. Mild emphysema is seen. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is no aggressive lung lesion.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the most recent search for images of the thoracic spine in adults. The review shows that there were no new bone lesions or adenopathies, but there were a few lung nodules. The heart and vessels were normal size and there was no change in the course of the aorta. There were no changes in the size of the lungs or the airways. There was no evidence of pleural swelling (pneumothorax) or of airway narrowing. There is a normal amount of blood in the lungs and the heart. There are no signs of adenopathy in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The heart is enlarged. There is evidence of extensive coronary arterial calcification in both legs. There has been an increase in lymphadenopathy in the left leg. Hepatic calcifications have also been seen, but no new lesions have been found. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found so far. There are no new lymphadenopathies in the right leg, but there is a chance that these may have been caused by the enlargement of the heart. More research is needed to find out if this is the best way to treat this type of heart enlargement.
We found that the right lung was stable after surgery and that there were no major changes in the size of the lung. The right lung had a small amount of fluid in the pleural space (bronchiectasis) and no pleural effusion. The heart and vessels were normal size. There was no pericardial effusion or pleural obstruction. The thoracic aorta was normal size and the heart and aortic valve were of the same size. No other major changes were found. The left lung was not affected. There were no other changes in size or shape of the lungs or the heart or the vessels. Upper Abdomen: We did not find any changes in any parts of the upper body. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there were some changes in spine and neck.
This is an overview of the results from the review of lung and heart disease in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are no major lung or airway problems. There is a small pleural effusion on the right lung, and a large pleural drain on the left lung. This may be due to an atelectasis of the upper lobe of the lung, which is not thought to be caused by cancer. Heart and Vessels: There is biatrial enlargement. There are severe heart and heart wall calcifications. Upper Abdomen: There has been a small pericardial effusion. There has not been any evidence of a change in bone or muscle structure. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The left breast is stable, but the skin is thickening and the left breast glandulars are showing signs of growth.
This is an overview of the results from a large-scale study of the thoracic spine. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal size of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No more aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. No adenopathy of the lungs or airways. There is no evidence of adenomyopathies of the heart or lungs. No changes in the number or size of lung and heart valve nodules and no change in the shape of the lung or heart valve. No new lung nodles have been found. There are no new bone lesions in the bone above the diaphragm.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the lungs of patients with pleural pleural myomectomy. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild emphysema and mild lung wall thickening have been noted. There is no evidence of a tumour in the right lung. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Lung wall thickening and bronchiectasis are the main cause of chronic bronchial blockage. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: Aortic enlargement of the aortic valve is the most prominent. No pericardial effusion. Large hiatus hernia. No other major problems were found in the lungs or heart. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No major bone lesions.
We found that the thoracic spine is stable after surgery with no new or enlarging lung nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No new adenopathy. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was found, but there was some concern about the size of the aorta. There was no change in the number of lymph nodes found in the lower abdomen. No changes in the amount of bone left in the upper abdomen.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. However, lymphadenopathy in the paraaortic and paravertebral parts of the lungs has been found to be more pronounced. Extensive arterial calcifications are seen. There are no signs of a tumour on the surface of the heart. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the lungs and heart of a post-surgery breast breast cancer patient. The lungs are clear and the heart is large. There is no evidence of a large lung tumour, but there is a small pleural effusion in the left lung. The heart is enlarged. Sclerotic foci are seen in the ribs and spine and are thought to be from metastases from the breast. The patient is post breast surgery for breast cancer. The tumour has not spread to the lungs or other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the findings from a new study of lung and airways and a bone scan of the heart and vessels. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is large. Severe coronary artery calcifications are found in both the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Bone and soft tissues: Stable appearance of the lytic lesion in the right scapula. There is an increase in groundglass and linear scarring in the left arm. Stable consolidation of the right upper lobe of the lung and the left upper lobe is likely to be due to the use of radiotherapy.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal size of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: A right-sided renal cyst.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The results show that there is no new evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Fat necrosis has been found in the anterior part of the abdomen, but no new lesions have been found. There is no evidence of a new tumour of the lungs or of the airways.
This is an overview of the results from a recent study of the thoracic spine of adults who have had a thoracoscopy of the lungs and airways to look for abnormalities. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pleural blockage. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Bone and soft tissue structures and Soft Tissues: No cancerous growths. No new bone growths in the lung area.
This is an overview of the findings from the published and planned research in the field. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airways changes are similar with more changes in the upper lobe (right lung) than in the lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pleural abscesses were found. There is no evidence of large airway disease. There are some signs of small airway changes including a few clusters of nodules. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Pulmonary artery is normal size and there are no new heart or artery calcifications. Aorta: No new aortic blockage or blockage. The aorta is normal in size and shape. Upper Abdomen: No more bone lesions were found in this group of studies. No new bone lesions in the thoracic spine were seen in studies from July 2020. The abdominal organs and soft tissues were not found to have any new problems.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aortic valves appear to be normal. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Thyroid lobe: Stable left thyroid lobe 2.3 cm and right apical 7 mm nodule were found, both of which are stable. No new nodules have been found. There was no change in the size of the aorta. No changes have been noted in the number of people who have died from this disease. No aggressive bone lesions were noted.
This is an overview of the results from the review of lung and airways and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are stable post-radiation changes in the right and middle lobes. No suspicious lung nodules or masses. No pericardial effusion. Focal bronchiectasis and mucoid impaction in the lower lobe (4:237). Clusters of micronodules likely related to airways disease for the left and the right lungs in the left upper lobe and left and right lung in the middle lobe. No pleural effusion or pleural blockage. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and of good size. The aorta is normal in size. Coronary artery, aortic valve and aortIC calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Left renal cysts. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesion. No thoracic adenopathies.
This is an overview of the results from the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Mild enlargement of the aortic valve. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid enlargement.
The lung apices are not seen in the field-of-view. Lungs/Airways: The lungs appear to be clear and clear. No new lung nodules were seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart is globally enlarged. No pericardial effusion. Biventricular aICD is found in the upper lobe of the heart.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the lung from the chest wall to the diaphragm. The scan showed that there are a few lung nodules in the right lung lobe, but these are stable. There is no thoracic lymphadenomy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from a large-scale study of lung and heart surgery in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There is a band of atelectasis in the medial segment of the aorta. Although the study is not tailored for the evaluation of pulmonary arteries, a narrowing of a major artery (the right lung artery) is suspected. There are mild calcifications in the coronary and aortic veins. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid gland: There is no evidence of abnormalities. Small hiatal hernia with a thickening of the esophagus (thrombosis) was seen on an EGD. The included part of the thyroid gland is unimpressive. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways and Pneumothorax: Lungs: Thickened bronchial wall in the left lung and bronchiectasis in the subpleural lobe of the lung. No new lung nodules or mass have been found. No pleural effusion or pleural abscesses. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Thyroid and Abdomen: Thyroid is normal in size, and there is no new evidence of a new tumour. The tumour on the right side of the neck is still there, but the size of it is not large enough to be seen with the naked eye. Pneuofemoral lymph nodes: No new lymph nodes were found. The size of the right axillary node has decreased and now measure up to 1 cm. There is no evidence of any new tumours. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy, and the aorta is of good size. Normal course and amount of blood flow to the heart and vessels. Pulmonary and soft tissues: There are no new signs of cancer in the airways or lungs. No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the results from the radiographs of L1 vertebral body. A large sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lung of the L1 neck vertebrae is stable. There is no lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild bronchiectasis with mucous plugging is seen in the lingula. There are no other abnormalities.
This is an overview of the results of a large study of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people with early-stage lung cancer. The results show that there is a 1.9 cm nodule in the left lung in series 4 image 144. There is a new 5 mm nodule on the right lobe in series 250. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Other scattered pulmonary nodules are still there but not as large. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. The aortic valve has calcified. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Severe mixed centrilobular paraseptal emphysematous and pleural changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway (bronchial wall thickening) are seen. There were no pleurae (airways) or lungs that were blocked or blocked. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathies. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: No changes in the thyroid. Normal size of the aorta and coronary artery. Severe calcifications of the heart and aortas have been found. Calcifications of both the coronary heart and valve have been identified.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the lung and airways of people with COPD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung base has a tree-like structure with patent. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs have a thickening of the bronchial wall and there is a spiculated nodle in the left lung. The heart and vessels: Mild heart and aortic calcions. No pericardial effusion. Aorta is normal in course and size. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable disease of the left 10th rib, with no signs of disease in the heart or the aorta. No signs of inflammation of the lungs or of the airways.
This is an overview of the findings from a neck CT of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. These findings are likely to represent mild pulmonary edema. There is a thinning of the airways and a decrease in the amount of fluid in the lungs. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions were found in the spine. No thoracical adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the neck CT. There was no evidence of cancer in the thyroid tissue. No changes in the size of the heart or vessels were seen. No change in the shape of the aorta. The main pulmonary artery was shown to be slightly enlarged. The rest of the spine was not shown to change in any other ways.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild thickening in the bronchial wall consistent with airways disease. New clusters of micronodules in the right upper lobe and left upper lobe (5:117 and 142) and a stable 4 mm nodule in the left middle lobe. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic arch with an aberrant right subclavian artery with a course that leads to the heart. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesion. No thoracic adenopathies. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications.
This is an overview of the condition of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways: Trace, nearly imperceptible, right hydropneumothorax is still in the upper lobe. Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea is still there and has been there since at least 2017. Nodular pleural thickening in both lobes, as been there for at least at least three years. Lung wall thickening. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Heart is normal in size. The aorta is 35 mm long and the main pulmonary artery 30 mm long. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube in place. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules were found in the lower lobe of the lungs. Stable findings of fibrotic lung disease in the form of lower lobe and peribronchial changes were noted. No new thoracic adenopathies were found. No pleural effusions were observed. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Aortic valve and aortic chambers have been found to be stable. Mild calcifications of the aorta have been observed. No other abnormalities were reported. Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Thyroid gland was not found to have changed in size or shape. The included part of thyroid gland is unimpressive. Lung and airways: There was no change in the size of the lung nodles. The airways are patent.
We found that the mass in the upper lobe of the lungs is larger than before. The mass is stable and has not spread to the other parts of the lung. However, it is still attached to the lung wall and the pericardium and there is a small effusion on the left side of the pleura. We found no new sclerotic lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic and artery calcifications have been noted. The heart and vessels are covered by a thick layer of fluid and have not changed in size or shape. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs have thickened and the bronchial wall has thinned. There is no new evidence of a change in size of the heart or vessels. There are no new signs of disease in the lungs or in the airways. The esophagus is thin and filled with fluid and debris. The stomach is flat and has no new lesions. Pericardia: No new lesions were noted. There was no significant change in the size of this area prior to CT. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No evidence of any new disease was found on CT.
We found that lung and airways problems are not uncommon in people with this condition. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 1.1 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule in the right lung (3:199) which may be due to small airways disease. No new or enlarging nodules or a large tumour have been seen since 2007. Mild lung disease with bronchiectasis. No pericardial effusion. Lung and heart structure: Heart is normal in size. Aortic valve repair and aortic ventricle repair are ongoing. Main pulmonary artery is 30 mm long and coronary artery calcifications are present. Thyroid and spleen: No thoracic adenopathy or thyroid enlargement. T8 vertebral body hemangioma is a tumour of the neck that has not spread to the spine and is thought to be caused by a blood clot in the neck. No signs of cancer in the spleens were found. Heart and Vessels: Left chest wall pacemakers run through the heart and lead to the right heart. The heart is not large and the aorta is of good size. There is no evidence that the heart is in need of any more surgery. Tummy: Tummy and soft tissues are intact and the tumour is in the sternum. Tumour is on the right side of the body and not spreading to the chest wall. No sign of cancer. Upper Abdomen: Partly imaged right kidney cyst. Left renal hypodensities too small to assess. Scarring at the lung bases.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the right lung. No new or enlarging lung nodule was identified. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. There are no lymph nodes in the right atrium.
This is an overview of the results from a recent study of the thoracic spine. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or airways were found to be blocked or blocked. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary arteries are normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas have been found. Upper Abdomen: No new bone lesions were found, but bone growth was slow. There was no new adenopathy of the lungs. There were no changes in the number or size of lymph nodes. No changes in bone growth. Thyroid: Thyroid growth was normal. No major changes were found in the thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. No pneumothorax. Thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and of good size. Severe coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications have been found. No calcifications of the ascending aorta. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the results from a recent review of lung and heart scans. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. There is an atelectasis of the right lung which is likely to be due to a mass in the airways. No pneumothorax was found. No pleural effusion was noted. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: There is a small right-sided pleural discharge which is unlikely to be caused by the pleural fluid but may represent a change in treatment. No new pleural adenopathy has been found. Thyroid: Thyroid tissue is normal. No changes in the number of lymph nodes have been seen. No change in the diameter of the thyroids. There are no new adenopathies at this stage of the process. Upper abdomen: No changes have been found at this point in time. The diaphragm is still in place but may not be strong enough to support the bodys weight. Bone and soft tissues: No change has been seen at this time in the T12 vertebral body. However, there is a large bone lesion on the T10 and T11 vertebral bodies which may represent change in therapy.
This is an overview of the results from the review of lung and airways and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: No new or enlarging nodules. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly heart enlargement. Main pulmonary artery is dilated (35 mm) which can be seen with aortic calcifications. No other heart defects were found. No changes in the spine or right shoulder were seen. Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomata in the liver. Overlying right breast skin thickened. No new nodules were found in the left breast. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the heart or the lungs. No change in the neck or spine was noted. No abnormalities in the lungs or the spine were noted.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal size. Pulmonary artery is normal. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and arterial veins. Calcific effusions the mitral annulus. Large hernia. Thyroid: Normal thyroid. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size tests. No other abnormalities. Abdomen: Large hiatal hernias. No changes in size or shape of the liver, lungs, or lungs. No new lung nodles. No consolidation of existing nodules in the right lung. Heart: Normal course and size of the thoracic artery. Calcification of the heart and arteries. Calving of the aortic veins.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scans of the lung and thoracoscopy of the abdomen. There are a number of lung nodules in the left and right lungs. There is no lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Esophageal varices are present. A thyroid nodule is stable. A sclerotic lesion in the right rib is stable, and a hemangioma is seen in the T10 vertebral body.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the lungs of patients with lung cancer. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural swelling. There are a few lung nodules but they are not large and stable. No aggressive lung tumour has been found. The tumour is confined to the left lung and appears to be stable. However, there is a possibility that the tumour may have spread to the diaphragm area.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the lungs from the heart. There are a number of lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, but the size of the nodules is not clear. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are seen. No aggressive lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the lung biopsies of people with bronchial wall thickening and pleural effusion. There is a small hernia in the right lung, but no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural swelling. There are no new lung nodules. Mild pleural thickening is seen, but the cause is not known. No aggressive lung lesion has been found. The hernia may be due to a hernia that has not yet healed.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: There is a lung nodule measuring 2-3 mm in the right lung on series 4, image 198. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions. There is an S-shaped scoliosis.
This is a summary of the findings from a comprehensive review of the thoracic spine in adults. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been seen. Lungs/Airways/Pleura are clear. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes have been seen throughout the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent study of the thoracic aorta and the lungs and airways. Lungs/Airways: There are no new lungs or airways that need to be opened up. The main pulmonary artery is large but not too large to cause a blockage. There is no change in the size of the heart or the vessels. No changes in the shape of the lungs. No pulmonary edema. No lung swelling. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. No new heart or blood vessels have been found. Lower Abdomen: No new bones were found. There were no new bones in the lower abdomen. There was no new tissue growth in the upper abdomen. Thyroid: Thyroid growth was normal in both the left and right thyroid.
This is an overview of the results of the post-surgery review of the heart and lungs. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. There is no evidence of obstruction of the airways. However, there is some evidence of a small airways obstruction in the right lung. There appears to be a collection of fluid in the chest wall which may be due to changes in the amount of blood that has been stored there over time. There are no signs of trauma to the heart or lungs, but there is a small amount of fluid. The right breast appears to have changed in size and shape. The left breast is the same size as the left breast. The breast is also the same as the breast on the left side of the chest. The chest wall is unblocked from the chest and the drains are not large or deep. The liver is too small to distinguish a difference in size between the liver and the lower and the upper lobe of the lungs. No signs of adenopathy of the thoracic airways were found.
We found that lung and airways are stable with no signs of blockage. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears normal in size. Severe coronary arterial calcifications and/or stents are present. Stable pericardial effusion measuring up to 4.1 cm posteriorly. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis. There are a few lung nodules but they appear to be of variable size and shape. Mild emphysema is noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. There is a large amount of secretions/debris in the trachea, bronchus and left lung. There was no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax, but there is a 1.8 cm tumour in the left lung that is thought to be from a lymph node. Multiple hepatic cysts were found in the liver. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis. There is no evidence of lung collapse, but a small hernia is noted. The hernia may be caused by a blood clot in the pelvis but the cause is not known.
This is an overview of the condition of the patient with aortic aneurysm, heart and lungs. Aortic arch repair was done after the end of surgery and there is no evidence of the need for further surgery. There is a small amount of fluid on the right side of the aorta and there may be some small foci of air in the drain which may be due to fluid from the heart. There are no signs of post-surgery scarring or abscesses. The body and tail are well-formed and the body is well-defined. The liver and bile ducts are large and well-preserved. The left kidney shows a small but not large amount of improvement in its size and shape. The right kidney has a slightly larger and more dense structure which may have been a blood clot. There may be a few small blood clots in the left pleural space, but these are not large and do not seem to be of a concern. The patient is in a good condition. No other post-operative fractures were found in the thoracic spine or thoracics.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the lungs/airways/pleura. Lungs: There is a sub-2 mm nodule in the left lung (4:297 x-ray). No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: For findings in the abdomen/pelvis, please see the separate CT report Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions identified, except for a possible small fracture in the right mandible, which may be due to a brain foramen. No evidence of an abscess in this region. Partially visualized cervical spine shows changes that are not thought to be normal, such as an endplate-like (endplate is a part of the spine that does not heal) and a phenomenon called 'vacuum phenomena'.
This is an overview of the results from a study of people with thoracic spine cancer who have had a chest CT scan to see if there are any changes in the size or shape of the lungs, heart, or lungs. Lungs/Pleura: Scattered granulomas. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or lung collapse. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating hepatic lesions which are too small to assess on chest CT. Remains of other organs are unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in bone and soft tissues.
We found that there are many new lung nodules in the right lobe of the heart, but no new thoracic nodules. There is mild narrowing of the right mainstem bronchus, from the adenopathy, and no pleural effusion. There are no new adenopathies within the right thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers are normal in size, but there is a small hernia in the heart. Calcions of the aortic valve are shown. The aorta has a normal course and size. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis, same day of the surgery. An enlarging right lower lobe nodule is found in the middle of the suture line. This is stable from the prior surgery. No other new lymph nodes have been found. The left breast has a hypodense nodule, which is not stable from prior surgery, and the right breast has an 8 mm nodule in the thyroid. There was no change in the size of the thyroid nodule. The right breast appears to have a normal size for its age. However, it has a large number of foci in the breast, which are likely to cause calcifications. The breast is not large and has a small number of small blood vessels.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs are normal in size. There is a small pleural effusion in the lower lobe of the lung, which may be due to a narrowing of the airway caused by a blood clot. There are no signs of lung collapse. No heart or blood vessel enlargement was seen. There were mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries in the heart. The pulmonary artery is large and may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. Upper Abdomen: Please see the report for a CT scan of the pelvis performed on the same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of people with thoracic spine cancer who have had surgery to treat atelectasis of the spine. We found that there is no new or enlarging lung nodule in the right lung. There are no new pleural effusions. There is no change in the size of the aorta or the heart or the blood vessels. The tumour on the esophageal wall is thickening. No new bone lesions have been found. The heart and blood vessels are the same size as in patients who had surgery before. The pleura (pulmonary airways) are clear. No changes in the number or size of pleural or heart effusions have been reported. The right lung is still filled with fluid from surgery, but the volume of this fluid is normal. The left lung is filled with blood, but not with fluid that needs to be pumped out. This is normal for this type of lung surgery. There were no new lesions in the lymph nodes in the lower lobe of the neck. There was also no new adenopathy in the upper lobe. The risk of a stroke was not increased. The surgery did not cause a change in heart size, blood flow to the lungs or blood in the vessels of the heart.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the lungs of a patient who has had thyroid surgery. There are a number of lung nodules, some in the left lung and a few in the right lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenomy or pleural effusion. A small hiatal hernia was noted, but this was not thought to be a cause of concern. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. The patient is in a stable condition.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent CT scan of the thoracic aorta and lungs. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or airways were found to be clear. No pericardial effusion was reported. There was no change in the size of the heart or vessels. There were no changes in the shape of the lungs or of the airways. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the upper body. There is no evidence of adenopathy (scarring of the chest wall) in this group of patients.
This is an overview of the results of the post-surgery chest X-ray of the sternum. There is a new small pleural effusion with a loculation in the left fissure. Adjacent left lower lobe consolidation is atelectasis. Paraseptal emphysema is noted. A trace pericardial effusion is found, likely also of blood. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or an aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules were noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland was not found to be abnormal. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Stable trace pericardial fluid was found in the aorta, which is likely to be physiological. Normal course and amount of blood flow to the heart. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesion was found.
We found no lung or airways mass or lung mass, but there are a few calcified granulomas. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The right chest port has a subcutaneous calcified nodule (5/299) but the cause of this is not known. The upper lobe of the heart appears to be normal. No pericardial effusion was noted. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The main findings are that the majority of lung nodules are stable and there is no sign of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is no evidence of an arterial blockage in the lower lobe of the lung, but there are extensive artery calcifications in the right lung.
This is an overview of the results from MR imaging of the heart and lungs. The heart is not enlarged. No pericardial effusion was noted. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in size. There was no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion was found. Density within the right renal collecting system was not seen but was likely due to the use of gadolinium. Mucosal and/or luminal high density was seen in the duodenum.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. There are trace pleural effusions in the right lung in the upper lobe of the lung. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new lung or airways adenopathy was found. Mild bronchiectasis was noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications were again noted. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No new thoracic adenomyopathies were observed.
This is an overview of the results of the review of published in The New Zealand Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's (NHSG) Cochrane Database of Reviews. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been identified. Thyroid gland: Thyroid glands have not been found to be affected by the heart or lungs. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of the descending aorta at 4.1 cm. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and stents. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the results of CT of the lungs, airways, and pelvis from the same day of surgery. Lungs/Pleura: The lungs are stable and the pleural space is clear. There is no evidence of infection in the lungs. No pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Improved right paratracheal/hilar adenopathy. The lymph nodes are normal in size. Thyroid: The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and the vessels are of good size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The blood flow is normal. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of both the lower and upper pelvis. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The bones are of a good size and healthy. The soft tissues are of normal size and the blood vessels of the heart, lungs, and lungs are of adequate size.
We found that there are many bilateral lung nodules and lymph nodes in the major fissures, for example 4 mm nodule on the left side and 5 mm on the right side (3/257) and 6 mm on both the upper and the lower lobe. There are no pleural effusions. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. There is no evidence of aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: None of the major bone lesions were found. Cervical spine hardware is noted.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of adults with heart and lung disease. The heart appears to be normal in size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No new thoracic adenopathy. No pleural effusions. Thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. The lymph nodes appear to be similar to those in the right breast, but there is no new enlargement of the left lymph nodes. The right breast is not large enough to justify surgery. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical material in the left breast is noted.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. The lungs appear to be normal in size. The airways are patent. There is no evidence of pleural edema. Thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be large and healthy. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is well-preserved, but there are calcified deposits of fat in the left ventricle, likely due to a heart attack. The lymph nodes do not seem to be affected by adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Asymmetrically prominent right breast fibroglandular parenchyma.
This is an overview of the findings from the published research. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung wall thickens and the airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. No new bronchiectasis was noted. There is no new thoracic adenopathy in the upper lobe of the lungs by size criteria. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild calcification of aortic leaflets. Severe coronary calcification was seen. Bone lesions were found in the vertebral bodies of T7 and T10. Again seen compression deformity of the upper vertebrae of the neck.
This is a summary of CT of lung and airway scans from the same day of surgery. Lungs/Airways: No pneumonia or pulmonary edema was found. There was no evidence of lung adenopathy. There were small pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Thyroid: No thoracic adenopathies were seen. The thyroid is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and healthy. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The blood vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of changes seen in the lungs, heart and aorta of the spine. The lung and airways are clear. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart is normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Thyroid and lymph nodes are normal. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic spine.
This is an overview of the results from a study of adults with heart and lung cancer who have been in hospital for at least six months. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. The lungs and airways are clear. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an increase in lung size in the upper lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aortas. Upper Abdomen: No new pleural or pleural adenopathy. No thoracic adenopathies. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the heart or the vessels. Bone and Soft Tissues: Bone and soft tissues were similar to those in the prior study in terms of number of rib fractures and number of broken bones. There were no new fractures in the rib cage or in the diaphragm.
We did not find any lung massages or lung nodules. We found that the airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size and the aorta appears to have a normal course and size. There is a small amount of bone marrow seen in the thoracic cage. The thyroid gland appears to be unremarkable. There are no other signs of cancer in the blood or lungs.
This is an overview of the findings from the published and pre-published studies. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a mild bronchiectasis in the left base of the lung, but the left lung is not yet large and has not been used for lung transplants. No new lung nodules were found. There is no change in the size of the aorta or the heart or of the vessels. The right lung is still filled with fluid and there is a trace left-side effusion. There are no new pleural nodules. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size, but there was a decrease in the amount of fluid in the pericardial effusion, which is a cause of concern. Pulmonary artery is large and there are calcifications in the coronary and aortic veins. There were no new bony lesions in the upper thoracic spine. Breast implants are in place.
This is an overview of the findings from the ongoing review of the thoracic adenopathies of breast and heart of patients with breast cancer. The heart and vessels are of normal size. Lungs and airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Thyroid lobe is surgically absent. No lymph nodes have been found.
This is an overview of the results from the radiographs of the thoracic spine and lungs. The radiographs show that there is a large number of centrilobular (lungs) nodles and patchy groundglass (neck) glass in the right lung. There is no new or enlarging of these nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the aorta are of normal size. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerosis (blockage of the artery) of the coronary and aortic veins is the cause of this. There are no other signs of heart or blood vessel blockage. The spine is of good size and well-tended. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the lungs and airways of the heart and lungs of the patient. The CT showed that there is a loss of volume in the right upper lobe of the lung. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The thyroid is not known to be affected. No other abnormalities were noted.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the results of a chest X-ray of the heart, lungs and airways of people with heart disease. The heart is large and the lungs appear to be stable. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there is evidence of early/mild lung disease in the right lung. This may be due to a prior pleurodesis. There are no signs of cancer in the thoracic area. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The lungs are stable and the airways are clear. The chest wall is thickened with bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thinning and there is some evidence of small airways disease.
We did not find any lung mass or solid lung nodules, but found a few granulomas. No pleural effusions. There was a 1.2 cm groundglass nodule in the upper lobe of the right lung (4/68) and a 4.5 mm in the left lung. We could not see the nodule on the left but thought it to be of good size. We also found a 6 mm groundglass nugend in the lower lobe. The airways are patent. The hernia is a large to large hernia and the heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from a large study of lung and airways resection in adults with heart disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There are no pleural effusion. The airways are patent. The largest subsolid nodule is in the right lung, measuring 1.4 x 0.6 cm. There is a small hiatal hernia. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. Carotid and brachiocephalic arteries share a common origin. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.9 cm in diameter. Upper Abdomen: The upper lobe of the body was resectioned on the same day as the lungs and airway. There was no evidence of pleural or thoracic effusion or adenopathy. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions were noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary calcifications and aortic calcifications were noted in the aorta. No new thoracic adenopathy was found. Thyroid glands: No changes were seen in the size of the thyroid glands. The thyroid gland appears to be stable. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there was a trend for a higher risk of joint osteoporosis in one area.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Lungs are not affected by the disease. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications. The blood pool is hypodense and the myocardium is low, suggestive of anemia. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenomy.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways: New lung effusions and pleural enlargement were found in the upper lobe of the lung. New peribronchial enlargement was seen in the lower lobe. There was no change in the size of the pleura or pleura. Lung wall thickening may be seen only in the setting of atypical infection or lung edema. The airways are patent. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is normal in size. Heart: The heart appears to have no pericardial effusion. The heart has a normal course and size. Three-vessel coronary calcifications were found on the left side of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No bone lesions were found. Subacute bone fracture of the right rib cage.
This is an overview of the results from the review of lung and airways and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is an improvement in the left upper lobe mass, now 4.6 x 3.2 cm in size, from 8.5 x 4.7 cm previously. There is new volume loss and traction bronchiectasis (collapsed bronchus) in the lung next to the mass. No new or large tree-in-bud nodules have been found. There are no new or enlarging nodules or nodes in the upper lobe. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications have been reported. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No new bone lesions have been identified.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging solid lung nodules were seen in the upper lobe of the lung. There was a moderate-sized right pleural effusion and a large, but stable, left lung effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications were found in the right chest port. No pericardial effusions were found. Upper Abdomen: Reported in both legs. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No large adenopathies were noted. Thyroid glands: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Stable mild dilatation (4.1 cm) of the aorta at 4.1cm was found.
This is an overview of the findings from a large study of the thoracic cage of people with cancer of the heart, lungs, and airways. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions were seen. The airways are patent. There was no new adenopathy of the lungs or airways, and no new lymph nodes were identified. The thyroid gland was not found to have changed in size or size. There were no changes in the heart or the aorta. Although the study was not designed for evaluation of pulmonary arteries, there was a filling defect in a lung artery branch (5/228) that may be due to a blood clot in the thyroid gland. There is no evidence of aortic blockage. There are no other abnormalities.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild upper lobe pleural emphysema, with the most severe in the upper lobe. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. The aortic valve has calcifications. Coronary artery, aortical and valve calcifications have been found. No other heart defects were found. Thyroid enlargement was not reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the soft tissues. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the neck) was found. The thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No more than one bone lesion was found on the right side of the lower abdomen. No new bone lesions have been seen. The esophageal wall has thickened, but there was no focal thickenement. There is no change in the size of the esophagus. No changes in the length of the aorta or in the valves of the heart.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs of adults who have had a heart or lung surgery. The main findings are that: Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways clear. Thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the results of the post-surgery chest X-ray of the heart, lungs, lungs and airways of the patient. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There is a narrowing in the pulmonary artery, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The chest tube is in place, but the tip of the line is still in the SVC. The airways are not clear and there is a small right pleural effusion, but this may be due to prior chest tube placement. The right lung is not clear, but there may be a trace of a chest tube in place. The left lung is stable, but not clear of fluid build-up. The spacer on the T3 spacer has been removed since the last post-operations test on 10/21/2021. The bone in the left breast is thin and may have been cut in the postop bed. The thyroid is unremarkable.
This is a summary of the findings from a CT scan of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. No large airway disease. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Right-side chest port with catheter tip in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: Small hernia in the hiatal hernia. Bone and Soft Tissues: No major bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways: No pleural effusion. The airways are patent. There is a small hernia in the right lung. No pericardial effusion was seen. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Again seen is a marked pulmonary artery dilatation, measuring 4.0 cm, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules or large nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal. Coronary artery and aortic arteries have calcified. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of patients who have had a heart or lung surgery to treat cancer. The heart and blood vessels are normal size. The lungs are clear and the airways are clear. There is a narrowing in the right lung and reticulations in the left lung which may be due to infection. The right lung has a right-sided pleural effusion which is stable and there is a left-side effusion. The left lung base is clear. The liver is normal size and the kidneys are normal. The spine is normal and there are no new bone lesions. There are no changes in the thoracic spine due to age-related degenerative changes. However, there is an increase in the size of the aorta and the heart and aortic valve.
This is an overview of the evidence from the published research. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: The lung wall is thickened and there are scattered nodules (nodules) in the lower lobe. No pleural effusions have been found. The right and left lungs have not changed in size or shape. Thyroid: Thyroid tissue is normal in size. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring in the thorax). Thyroid enlargement is not known to be caused by the heart or arteries. Heart and Vessels: There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and arteries. The great blood vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable T9 endplate deformity. Moderate hiatal hernia.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging nodules. Stable tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal size and healthy. Atrophic thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: New pleural effusion from prior. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. Again noted right tracheal bronchus. The heart appears to be normal in size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval decreased size of previously prominent lymph nodes, for example 5 mm subaortic lymph node (4/180), previously measured 8.5 mm. There is no new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous and soft tissues: No new bone lesions.
We found a 5 mm nodule in the left lower lobe of the trachea (tracheal tube) that had been there for at least 10 years. There is increased nodularity in the central right upper lobe, which is of concern due to the risk of recurrences of the disease. The thyroid is normal in size. The heart is large and healthy, but there is a slight enlargement of the heart septum. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal. There was no evidence of heart and edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There were no aggressive bone or soft tissues lesions. The tumour size was 11 mm in the right paratracheal lymph node, which was larger than the other lymph nodes in the same area and on the same side of the neck. This is an increase from 6 mm on a prior examination. The rest of the body was unremarkable.
This is an overview of the results from the review. Lungs/Airways and Pleura: Lungs: No new or enlarging lung nodules along the right major fissure. Mild decrease in the number of pulmonary nodules. Stable nodule or lymph node in the left lung measuring 1.3 cm (4:273 cm) in size. No new nor enlarging lymph nodes in the right pericardiophrenic node. Pneural effusion in right lung measuring up to 1.9 cm, previously up to 2.2 cm. Trace left lung effusion, similar to prior exam. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size and there was no effusion of the aorta. Aorta is a vessel in the heart that carries blood from the lungs to the heart. Thyroid: No change in the size of the thyroid in the thyroid area. No changes in the shape of the thyrogastric or lymph nodes. Bone scan did not show any change in size of bone in the thorax or hip area. Thyroid is unremarkable. Abdomen: Reported in both upper and lower body. Rib fractures, some with an increased rate of disease in the upper rib area, are not yet healed. Please see the bone scan.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine following thoracoscopy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or large lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries (the main veins supplying blood to the heart) and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone or muscle. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: The lungs are normal in size. There are no signs of lung collapse or collapse. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and of good size, with no pericardial effusion. The arteries of the heart are normal size and there are no heart defects. However, there are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications in the aortic veins, which may be due to blockage of the blood vessels. The gallbladder is too small to be seen. Thyroid: The thyroid is unremarkable. No signs of cancer or lymphoma were found. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Healed right-sided rib fractures were found on the right side of the rib cage. There were no other bones or soft tissues found. No suspicious nodules or mass found in the thyroid. No evidence of adenopathy was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways and Pleura: Lungs: No new or enlarging nodules or large nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scattered areas of scarring with calcification, for example in the left upper lobe and the left lobe of the lung, are likely to be due to granulomatous lung disease. Stable 6 mm nodular (white) scarring on the left lung with no new nodules, and an area of clear, but small, scarring in the upper lobe. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Tumour was not found in any part of the body. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is healthy. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pneural drainage: There was no pleural drainage or pleural discharge. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathies of the lungs or the lymph nodes were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the published and unpublished research. We found that the right lung is still filled with a large number of sub-6 cm nodules, with the largest (1.2 cm) in the left lobe and the most common (13 mm) in both the right and the right breast. There is no pleural effusion. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The esophagus is patulous and may have been damaged by the surgery. The heart and vessels are normal, but there is a mild heart and heart-like mass in the aorta. The right breast shows signs of postprocedural changes, with a thickening of the left lymph nodes. There are no other signs of cancer in the breast. The tumour has not spread to the lungs or the airways.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: There is no evidence of lung disease in the lung and airways. There are no signs of inflammation of the lungs or of a lung blockage. There is some evidence of inflammation in the lymph nodes of the lung. Thyroid: The thyroid is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: The heart is not large and there are no heart or artery calcifications. The heart and vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the left breast. No changes in the right breast.
This is an update of a study that was first done in 2000 and has not been done in a decade. The results show that the risk of death from lung and airway disease in people with thoracic spine cancer is much worse than previously thought. This is due to narrowing of the bronchial wall (bronchiectasis), thickening of the airways, and a build-up of fluid in the lungs. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there is no pericardial effusion. The aorta of the aortic artery is normal size. There are no new adenopathies in the lymph nodes. The cystic mass in the mid upper abdomen appears to be the same as that seen in other studies. No new bone lesions have been found. Routine age-related degenerative changes have been seen in the spine of the thoracoskeletal system.
This is an overview of the results of the radiologic examination of the right upper lobe of the thyrocyte (thyroid gland) of the heart. The heart is normal in size. The thyroid gland is in the right lobe and has not changed in size since the surgery. There are a few small round glass nodules in the thoracic lobe, but these are stable and have not grown large. There is a large subcentimeter heterogeneic nodule in the thyroid gland. The liver is too small to be sure of its size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. The lungs are patent. No pericardial effusion was noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart measures 3.4 cm in size and there are no new coronary artery calcifications. No new heart defects have been found since surgery. Cholelithiasis was noted in the liver. There were no changes in the spine. There was no change in the number or size of bone lesions in the neck.
This is an overview of the results from a review of heart, lungs, airways and soft tissues of heart and airways of people who have had heart surgery for heart disease. The heart is large and healthy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe emphysema. Multilobar mild bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion. Scarring in the right upper lobe of the left lung is consistent with healing. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were found. No pericardial effusion was noted. Upper Abdomen: Before cholecyst surgery, a hernia was found on the right side of the esophagus (hind-hind hernia) and surgery to fix it was done. The hernia is not large. No other problems were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the chest wall of the heart. Left chest wall cardiac event monitor was found to be of good use in the heart and arteries.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion, no pleural swelling, no pericardium effusion or consolidation. The heart is normal in size. There is a new 5 mm right lobe lung nodule as well as an enlarging 8 mm left fissural nodule. The lungs are patent. There are mild aortic valvular calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Thyroid gland: No adenopathy. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The right-side chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. No heart effusion. Mild coronary artery. The ascending aorta is aneurysmal to 4.6 cm in size and has mild calcifications at the top.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Thyroid gland: No signs of adenopathy. The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: No changes in the size or shape of the great vessels. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesion.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of people with heart and blood vessel disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Large airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The size of the lymph nodes is unchanged in size compared to the prior study. No new pleural nodules were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is large. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary and aorta. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone and soft tissues. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings from the latest available evidence from a bone scan. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or airway effusion. No pericardial effusion was noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta measures 39 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No new nodules were found in the upper lobe from prior left breast surgery. No thoracic adenopathies were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the superior segment of right lung (4/213) and left lung (1/213). No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course of the aorta. No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Bone and Soft Tissues: No major bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesion. An anchor suture in the right humeral head, status post rotator cuff repair.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and heart. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Central airways are clear. Mild atherosclerotic calcites were found in the heart and aorta. Thyroid enlargement was not found to be a cause for concern. Bone and soft tissues were not affected by the surgery.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the radiographs of thyroid cancer. Thyroid cancer is a cancer of the thyroid gland and is thought to be caused by the growth of lymph nodes in the neck area. Thyroids are the blood vessels supplying the blood to the lungs and the heart. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There is a subcentimeter hypodense nodule in the right lobe of the neck. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thoracic spine is normal. There are no signs of adenopathy (scarring of the spine) in this group of patients.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening is probably due to thickening of the bronchial wall due to airways disease. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or lung collapse. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Left breast 10 mm lesion, enlarged since prior tests. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the results of the chest wall resection and mastectomy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs are stable and the tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging lung nodule. Stable 7 mm lingular nodule in the left lung has resolved. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis, which was done on the same day. There is no new or worsening of the tumour. The heart is normal in size. There are no coronary artery calcifications. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal and the visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The great and small vessels of the heart are also normal. No other abnormalities were noted. Bone and Soft Tissues: Bone and soft tissues are in place. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The bone scan did not show any signs of bone cancer.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the results from the most recent search of the medical records. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Mild pleural scarring. No new pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the arteries of the aorta. Mild calcified granulomas. Thyroid gland enlargement was better evaluated on the prior ultrasound. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.
We found that the thoracic spine is undergoing a number of changes. The lung and airways are clear. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size. The lungs are clear and the airways appear to be clear. In the right lung there is an atelectasis of the upper lobe and a near complete atelectasis of the lower lobe. There are patches of patchy groundglass opacities in the right upper lobe. This finding is new compared with the abdominal CT from March 2021. The left lung has a new lung nodule which is of a very large size and is likely to encase the bronchus. This is the same as in the study from January 2017. The right paratracheal adenopathy is new and of a large size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The remaining organs and tissues are unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the current and past studies of thoracic spine surgery. The evidence is current to October 2016. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new lung nodules. Some of these nodules including the right upper lobe groundglass nodule in series 4 image 109, a 9 mm groundglass and an 8 mm nodule near the fissure on the right side of the pleura in the left lobe in image 130 and an elongate nodule (2.4 cm) in the right lobe in a left-side and right-side thyroid nodule which are not new. No new pulmonary nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways clear. Heart and Vessels: Aorta is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is small. Upper Abdomen: Hepatoid cyst. Remains of other organs are unimpressive. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes are seen throughout the spine.
We found that lung and airways abnormalities are consistent with pleural pleural emphysema. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules or dense nodules. There is some calcified granulomata in the lung wall. The heart appears to be normal in size. Thyroid: No new or large thyroid nodules have been found. No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. The aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery, aortic vein and mitral valvular (heart valve) calcification. Upper Abdomen: No more or less calcified bone in the left upper lobe and lingula, and no new bone lesions. Bone in the right lower lobe is stable. No new tumours or new nodules found. Postradiation changes in the lungs and lungs of the left breast from prior left breast surgery.
This is an overview of the condition of a patient with lung, heart, and airways who was found to be at risk of lung cancer. Lungs: Lungs and airway changes and traction bronchiectasis are evident. There is a 3 mm right lung nodule that is stable. The patient's blood pool appears low in attenuation consistent with anemia. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The aorta appears to be of normal size. Upper Abdomen: There is an apparent thickening of the lower esophagus, with a small hernia, and there is scolium of the spine.
This is an overview of the evidence from the medical records of patients with heart and lung disease. The heart size is normal. There is a 14.4 cm bulla in the upper lobe of the right lung and 14.3 cm in the lower lobe. There are no pleural effusion. There was no pneumothorax. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuating, suggestive of iron deposition, and there is no aggressive osseous lesion.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs: Lungs are filled with tumours that have spread to other parts of the body. There is no evidence of a tumour in the lungs. The heart size is normal. Pulmonary nodules are noted in the lower lobe of the lungs and are likely to be caused by metastasis to the lungs, but there are no signs of cancer in this area. Upper abdomen: The examination of the abdomen and pelvis was done in the same way, but this time with a separate accession date. No tumour was found in the pelvis. Bone and soft tissue: There was no sign of an oesophageal lesion. There were no other problems with bone or soft tissue.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: There is a moderate effusion in the right lung. There is no pneumothorax. The airways are patent. Calcified granulomas were seen in the upper lobe of the lung. The heart appears to be larger than before. A pacemaker is noted in the left lung and heart and a valve replacement is noted. The pericardial effusion was not seen before. The thoracic lymph nodes are more prominent than prior, for instance a 0.9 cm paratracheal lymph node (series 3 image 186) and a subcentimeter subpectoral lymph node. The subcarinal lymph node is a lymph in the neck and is thought to be a source of lymph cancer. The other subcentral lymph node has not been identified. Upper Abdomen: The upper abdomen is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: There was a heart valve surgery in the chest and aortic artery calcifications were seen. The aorta is normal in size. There were no changes in the number of heart beats or in the shape of the aort. There was no change to the size of the chest wall. The left shoulder joint has loose bodies. There are no major oesseous lesions.
This is an overview of the results from a stent graft. The stent is in place in the chest and the heart and has been placed in the lower abdomen. There is a calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe of the heart. The heart size is stably large and the blood pool in the left ventricle is low. There are no signs of trauma to the lungs or the airways. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up to date study. Lungs/Airways: There are stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm in size, and a right apical nodule on series 3, image 120. Nodularity is the same as in the most recent study. There is a chronic left pleural effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. There are severe coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithia is seen in the spine, and in the sternum (stomach) and the right rib. A right sternalis muscle is seen. The right shoulder has a stranding overlying the right shoulder. The left shoulder also has a subcutaneous (skin) hernia. The heart and vessels: The heart chambers are not large and the vessels are of good size. The vessels have not been seen in any of the previous studies. The lungs are patent. The airways appear to be stable. The lung nodules are again seen, and are likely to be inflammatory in nature. There may be some tree-in-bud nodules, but they are not stable nor are they likely to cause any harm. The pleural thickening is more obvious in this study, but the nodule is not large, and the heart chambers have not changed in size compared to the prior study. The rib cage appears to be clear. The sternalis (right sternalis) is stable, but there is a hiatal hernia, which may be of unknown cause.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Lungs were resectioned in the right lobe of the heart and there is a 9 mm nodule in the left lobe. There is likely new left hilar adenopathy as well. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Gynecomastia noted.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs: The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pleural fluid in the right lung. There are small pleural effusions, right greater than left, with some atelectasis of the left lung. This is due to the narrowing of the pleural airway in the lower lobe. There was no evidence from this review of the pericardial effusion. Upper abdomen: The heart size is normal. No aggressive osseous lesion was found. Bones and soft tissue: No major lesion of the bones or soft tissue was identified.
We found that lung and airways disease has not progressed as well as it did before, but there has been a slight decrease in size of some of the lung nodules. There are no new nodules found. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No new heart or heart vessels have been found. Bone and soft tissues: No new bone lesions have been identified. There has been no change in the size of any of the existing bone or soft tissues.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis. The tumour has not spread to the lungs or pleural spaces. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The largest tumour is a right perihilar nodule measuring 2.4 cm in size. The lymphadenopathy is stable, for example a 1.2 cm paratracheal node in the right ear. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the lungs of patients with acute pleural lung cancer. The tumour was found to be stable in the right lung, but not in the lungs or the airways. There was no evidence of lymphadenomy or pleural effusion. No aggressive lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs/airways/Pleura/Lungs/Lymph nodes. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodule was found. There is no new or worsening lung cancer in the upper lobe of the lung. Atelectasis was noted at the bases of the left lung and the right lung. Mediastinum/lymph nodes: 11 mm left supraclavic lymph node was found in the same place on the lymph nodes as in the past. Stable right peritracheal lymph nodes. The thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: There is a right IJ surgery port in place, with tip of the port in the SVC. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great blood vessels are normal in size and shape. The main artery is in place and there is a left-sided biventricular ICD in place with leads in the right atrial appendage, right ventricle, and a vein of the heart. The coronary artery is large and has a stent in place to keep it open. The heart is not large and the stents do not block blood flow. Upper Abdomen: Please see the same report for a CT of both the abdomen and pelvis done on the same day. Bone and soft tissues: No changes in spine or neck. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the evidence from the literature on lung cancer. There are multiple calcified lung nodules found in the upper lobe of the lung. No lymphadenopathy or effusion was seen. There is no evidence of a tumour on the surface of the lungs that is more than a few years old. However, there is evidence of emphysema in the lungs and there is some concern that this may be due to the presence of other tumours.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the results of the most recent search of the published medical records. Lungs/Airways: The lung and airways are in good shape. There is no evidence of lung disease. No evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis. Renal cyst at the upper pole of the right kidney. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the results of the post-radiotherapies of the lungs, heart, lungs, and heart of the aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs appear to be normal in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be large and healthy. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Coarse calcifications in the liver are noted. Thyroid disease is not seen in this area. Healed right-sided rib fractures.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the right lung. There is no evidence of a lung tumour or lymphadenopathy. Clusters of tiny lung nodules at the base of the diaphragm are likely to be from a disease of the lungs.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the upper lobe of the lungs of the lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A 4 mm groundglass nodule in the right lung is nonspecific and may be a tumour caused by a virus. There are other nodules in the left lung that may be of unknown cause. Thyroid nodules measuring 1.4 cm on the right lobe and 2.0 cm on both sides of the diaphragm are not thought to be related to the cancer.
This is an overview of the findings from the most recent search of the medical records. We found that the heart size is normal, and there is no evidence of heart defects. There are no new pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion. There is no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart were similar in size, and the aortic chambers were of the same size. No pleural effusion was noted. The airways are patent. There was no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. The thyroid gland was not found to be diseased, but a prominent lymph node was found and is likely to be a source of infection. The heart chambers appear to be of a normal size and there was no clear evidence of pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: There were no aggressive bone lesions, but there was a small hernia in the left side of the chest wall.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the heart and lungs. The heart is large and the diaphragms appear to be stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the thoracic area. There are some small pleural effusions and atelectasis on the right lung. Enlarged thyroid gland with multiple nodules is seen. Again seen are multiple old spinal and rib fractures.
This is an overview of the results from a CT scan of the right lung of patients with pleural metastasis due to lung reexpansion. There is a decrease in the size of the pleural effusion, but it is still too large to be sure that it is not in the main lung. The lymphadenopathy has improved as well. There are no signs of lymphadenitis in the lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the results from the review of liver biopsies of patients who had the right upper lobe of the liver cut out. There are no new tumours in this group. The liver is fatty. There is a moderate risk of emphysema, but there is no pleural effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Lungs are the largest part of the lung and airways and are the main cause of lung cancer. There is emphysema and large airways disease. There are no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thyroid: Thyroid tissue is normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is small and the vessels are of good size. No signs of blockage of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are large and of good shape. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Bilateral breast augmentation. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of adults with heart and blood vessels in the thoracic aorta and lungs. The heart is normal size. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The airways were clear. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the airways. Thyroid enlargement was reported on thyroid ultrasound. The thyroid was not found on this study. There is a 1 cm left lung nodule in the upper lobe of the left lung which has not changed from 8 mm on the prior study. The 1.9 cm groundglass nodule on the right lung in the right lower lobe has not improved from 1 cm on the previous study. Other scattered nodules including a 4 mm left apical nodule which was not seen on the earlier study are still there. There were no changes in the size of any of the other nodules. The aortic veins are normal size, but there are some calcifications of the heart and aortas. Upper Abdomen: There is no change in size of the lower abdomen. No change in the shape of the diaphragm.
This is an overview of the findings from a large study of the thoracic aorta and lungs/airways/pleura. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC.
We found no new or enlarging nodules in the lung or airways. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications were found. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. No new or large pleural effusions have been found. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic adenopathies.
This is an overview of the results of the imaging of the thoracic spine. The radiologists found no new or enlarging lung nodules. There is a 4 mm subpleural nodule in the upper lobe of the right lung in series 4 image 115, and there is an 4 mm nodule on the right lobe in series 5 image 181. Both of these nodules are likely to be from the same lymph node. There are no pleural effusion or pleural abscesses. The airways are clear. The heart and blood vessels are normal size. The aorta is normal size and the pulmonary artery is the same size. Upper Abdomen: No new bone lesions have been found. There have been no changes in the number of patients with osteoporosis in the lower spine. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of the findings from a large study of the thoracic spine. The spine is a thin line of bones running from the neck down the spine to the thorax. It is the spine that carries the blood flow to the lungs and heart and is the main source of blood for the lungs. Changes in the spine may be due to old age-like changes caused by the age and age of the spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. Patchy groundglass in the lung apices. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size with no pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcification of coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone and soft tissues. No aggressive bone lesions.
We found a large spiculate nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung, which was previously 3 mm (4:378) (pre-exam 5:373) and a 4 mm spicule on the left lobe, which had been 2 mm (62) previously. There were no new sub-4 mm nodles. There are no new pleural effusion or pleural swelling. The lungs are patent. The heart chambers are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to be of the same size and shape as before. Thyroid: Heterogeneous thyroid. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. There is a right-side aortic valve and a left-side heart valve. The coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications and calcified calcifications of the mitral annulus are still there. Moderate coronary artery angiogenic calcifications are still in the heart. No aggressive osseous lesion was found. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is an overview of the results from a study of people with thoracic spine cancer who have had a heart or lung transplantation. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. There was a 1.2 cm right lung nodule in the lower lobe of the lung and a 4 mm lobe in the middle lobe. There were no new pleural or airways pleural effusion. The heart was normal size and there was no change in size of the aorta or the heart. The tumour in the neck was not large. No new bone lesions were found. The spine was not affected by any new cancerous growths. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the spine. There are no signs of cancer in the lymph nodes or in the thyroid.
This is an overview of the results from the review of lung and airways and heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is no new or worsening of thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that there are a few lung nodules in the thoracic spine, but no new or large lung nodles. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There are no signs of large airway disease. There is no change in the size of the aorta or the heart or of the pulmonary artery. The liver and lungs are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were seen. There were no changes in the amount of blood in the pleural space or in the airways. There was no difference in the number of people who had a pleural or lung effusion. The thyroid is normal size and there are no new signs of thyroid cancer. The rest of the body is unremarkable. We found no new bone lesions.
We did not find any new lung nodules or pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. There were no heart or artery calcifications. Thyroid gland and Bone: No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appeared to have a normal course and size of the aorta. Moderate heart and vessel calcifications were seen. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are more clear on a CT scan of the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No major bone lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and diameter of the aorta. Aortic and valve calcifications including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No other bone lesions were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was no new or worsening of thoracic adenopathy. The airways are patent.
This is an overview of the results from a recent study of the thoracic spine. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or airways were found to be blocked. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortic veins were found in both the heart and the vessels. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No new bone lesions were found, and there were no new bones in the lower abdomen.
This is an overview of the post-radiation changes in the lungs, heart, and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. Enlarging left upper lobe nodule, previously 4 mm, now 6 mm. No pericardial effusion reported. No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia in the right lower lobe of the left lung, which may be related to esophagitis or GERD, was noted. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications noted. Small thrombus noted in the distal right internal jugular vein again noted. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
This is an overview of metastatic breast cancer that has spread to the lungs, heart, and abdomen. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusions have been identified. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been noted. The airways are patent. No thoracic adenopathy was found. The breast is stable, with mild fibrotic changes to the left breast and breast implants.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: There are large pleural effusions in both lungs and pulmonary edema, as well as large parenchymal opacities and consolidation in both of the lungs. These findings are due to a combination of heart failure/fluid (sugar and fat) and heart failure due to fluid overload. Endotracheal tube in good position. Lungs/airways/Pleure: The lungs appear to be stable, but there are large bile ducts in the lungs and there is an increase in size of lymph nodes. The heart appears to be the same size as before. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The aorta is normal. There is a normal course and size of the aortic valve. Moderate coronary artery calcified blockage. Upper Abdomen: Findings in the abdomen were not reported in the same way. Nasogastric tube in the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No major bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the condition of patients with chronic lung and airway disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs showed improvement in the length of time from the previous left pleural effusion. There was a large decrease in the right pleurae (pleura) with clear ground glass and a clear airway with no signs of adenopathy. The heart and vessels: Mild heart defects, but no pericardial effusion, and a small amount of blood in the aorta. The kidneys are atrophic. The thyroid gland is not seen. Upper Abdomen: A feeding tube is seen, but there is no change in the amount of fluid in the abdomen. Heart and Vessels: Mild heart and vessel defects, with a stable size of the main artery at 4.2 cm, but with a high rate of blood flow to the lungs, which is a sign of high blood flow in the heart. There is no evidence of obstruction of the artery.
This is an overview of the post-surgery findings of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Continued growth of lung nodules, including a 1.3 cm left lung nodule in series 3 of the SVC, which was previously 0.9 cm. There is a new 4 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule, which has not been seen before. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is a normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas have been found in the coronary arteries and the main artery of the lungs.
We found that lung and airways are stable and there are no pleural effusions. The heart appears to be normal in size. There is mild bronchiolectasis which may be related to a chronic inflammatory process. The lymph nodes are not enlarged by size criteria, for example 1 cm in the right lung. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The airways appear to be patent. The aorta is normal and there is no pericardial effusion.
We found that the lungs are stable and the airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The lungs appear to be intact. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Thyroid nodularities are stable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The aorta appears to be normal in shape and size. No new or enlarged heart nodules were found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the heart or vessels. There is a loop recorder in the anterior left chest wall.
This is an overview of the results from the review of lung and airways and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs appear to be stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Stable mild dilatation of the aorta at 4.1 cm. Triple-vessel coronary calcification and stents. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lung adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No serious bone disease.
We found that the esophagus wall is no longer filled with fluid and there is no evidence of an esophageal blockage. However, there is still a small hole in the wall on the right side that may be large and may be due to scarring. There was a pocket of air on the left side of the esphagus that may have been caused by the blockage and is still there, but it is not large and is not thought to be a problem. We found no signs of cancer in the lungs. The heart is large and the aortic artery has calcified. We are not sure if there are any heart defects or not. There is no sign of cancer on the lungs or in the heart. The stomach wall is still filled with fluids and there may be a hole in it, but this hole may be small and may not be a concern. The tumour has not spread to the lungs yet.
This is a summary of the results of the most recent review of the chest and heart of aortic valve and airways. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Stable left adrenal myolipoma. No aggressive bone lesions. Stable 2.6 x 1.3 cm right-sided chest port intramuscular lipoma.
This is an overview of the results of the most recent available evidence. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airways are similar to those seen prior to resection. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. The main lung artery appears to be enlarged with a 3.7 cm rise in blood pressure. The heart appears normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no changes in the diameter of the aorta or the size of the main artery. No changes in pleural effusion was found. There was no change in the size or shape of the chest wall. The neck and shoulders: No new bone lesions were found, but there are clips in the right neck likely due to a prior parathyroid surgery. The body wall is thickened as can be seen in patients with esophageal ulcers.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging solid lung nodules have been seen in the lung network since the original review in 2010, but there are still some sclerotic foci in the upper lobe of the lung. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Post vertebroplasty changes. Stable compression deformity of the superior endplates of T8, T9 and T10.
This is an overview of the results from a study of people who have had a stroke and have had heart surgery. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a post-surgery review of the heart and lungs. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No new pleural effusions have been found. No lung mass or lung nodules were found within the aerated parts of the lungs. Lungs/Airways: The airways are patent. There were no new lung metastasies in the post-radiation period. There was no change in the amount of fluid in the lungs or in the airways. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Stable changes of the sternotomy and the aortic aneurysm. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the results from the review of the thoracic spine. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary and aortas were found in the heart and the spleen. Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomas in the spleen were found, but the rest of the body was not seen to have changed in any way. No other abnormalities were seen. No changes in bone structure were seen, and there was no change in the size or shape of the thyroid.
This is an overview of the evidence from the published research. We found no new or enlarging thoracic adenopathies. There are no new lung nodules or granulomas in the right lung or thyroid lobe. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications are seen in the aorta and heart chambers. The right chest port is in the distal SVC. There is no change in size of the left thyroid lobe and isthmic nodularities.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Thickening of the bronchial wall is a sign of thickening due to airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. Lung and airways wall thickening is due to thickening and is not thought to be a cause of lung or airways problems. No signs of pleural discharge or pleural hernia. Thyroid: The thyroid appears to be normal in size. No evidence of adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart has a normal size and shape. Aortic calcifications are seen. Mild coronary artery and aortic valve calcions are noted. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Partially imaged cyst in the right lung. Left hepatic lobe cyst. Osseous and Soft Tissues: Scoliosis and multilevel changes of the spine. Small hernia in the left hip. No pericardial effusion. No changes in the size of the aorta.
This is an overview of the findings from the ongoing review of lung and airways cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung wall is thickened and there are no new lung nodules identified. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion was found. The heart is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: The heart has not changed in size and there is no evidence of adenopathy in the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications have been found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No new bone lesions were found. There is no change in the size of any of the tumours. No new tumours have been identified since the last search was done.
This is an overview of the condition of the heart and lungs/airways/Pleura. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No coronary artery calcifications. Lungs/Airways: The right lung base has atelectasis at the right end of the lung. No thoracic adenopathy. Left lung base collapse. No heart defects. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart seems to have a normal course and size of the aorta.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid gland: Unremarkable.
This is an overview of the results from the most up to date search of the published medical records. Lungs/Airways: Lungs are stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Aorta is normal in size. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Thymic hyperplasia.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways: Lungs are in the chest and airways. There is emphysema and large airways disease. Lung mass in the left lower lobe measures 4.7 x 3.4 cm, and in the right lobe the mass is 2.1 x 1.4 m, both in the upper lobe. Both lobes have multiple nodules, one of which has grown in size over the last few years. The others have not changed in size. The left lung mass is stable and the right lung mass has not changed. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in the size and size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CTs of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Flowing anterior osteophytes are consistent with diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH).
This is an overview of the results from a review of patients with lung and chest cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Increased subpleural reticulations which may be due to smoking-related lung disease. Post surgery changes in the left lung and lingula from the right breast. Bone and soft tissue nodules in the right lung were stable after surgery. No new nodules were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Normal course of the aorta.
This is an overview of the results from a large trial of the thoracic spine of adults who have had a stroke and are in hospital. The results show that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart and blood vessels are the same as they have been in the past. There is a pacer device in the right atrium and ventricle. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the main artery and aorta are found in both the right and left atria. There are no other changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the results of the surgery to open up the airways of the heart and lungs. The heart is normal in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. The airways are patent. There is a sebaceous cyst in the right chest wall. The pleural effusion is now trace. No pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications are found in the heart. The thyroid gland is well-preserved. There are no signs of cancer in the neck or neck area. The liver and lungs have not changed in size or shape.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Thickened bronchiectasis in the upper lobe of the lungs and a mixture of pleural and paraseptal emphysema. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size, but not in the lower lobe. No abnormal growths or growths were seen in the lungs. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. The heart is large and the aortic arch is normal. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid artery (a branch of the blood flow from the heart to the heart) from the same arch. Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the heart and the liver were found to be higher than in the rest of the body. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No other problems were found. Tummy: No aggressive bone lesions were found in the right breast. Coarse calcification was found on the left breast. No signs of bone cancer. Mediastinum/Lymph node: No thoracic adenopathies were found, but there was some evidence of thyroid growth.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways and Pleura: Lungs and Pneumothorax: No lung or airway nodules or mass. No pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the condition of the thoracic spine. The main findings are that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild coronary artery calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are present. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lung adenopathy. Bone and soft tissues: No cancerous growths in the bone or in the lymph nodes.
This is an update of a review published in 2004. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. We have seen mild lung herniation through the right third intercostal space. Mucous secretions have been found in the proximal trachea. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Stable trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Stable low-density lesion in the right hepatic lobe, likely a cyst, and 1.3 cm right adrenal nodule. No new or enlarged thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No more or no less aggressive adenopathies. Stables moderate-sized hiatal hernia and thyroid nodularities.
We found that there is a lot of fluid in the lungs and airways of patients with bronchiectasis. There is also some evidence of thickening in the esophageal wall, which can be seen in the setting of GERD. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area. Thyroid enlargement is not seen in this group. The left lung base has a calcified granuloma, which is not thought to be a cancer. No other lung or airway nodules or mass have been found. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly, with a large heart and aortic enlargement. The aorta has not been described. No pericardial effusion was found. Thyroids: Thyroid growth is not consistent across the body. No signs of lymph nodes in the neck or in the back of the neck, but there is some growth in the area where the thyroid used to be. There may be a tumour on the surface of the thyroid, but this is not known. The cause of this is unknown. Upper Abdomen: Partly imaged renal cysts and other hypodensities too small to assess. Left hepatic hypodensity, likely to be from a cyst, is low to low. Tons of bone growth in T7 vertebrae of the spine.
Aortic valve, aortic artery and coronary artery calcified. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the right lung. No enlarging lymph nodes were seen. The heart appears normal in size.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: The right lung effusion is stable, but the pleural effusion has increased with the length of the tracheostomy tube. The airways are patent. The heart chambers are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear to have a normal size. There is a narrowing in the main pulmonary artery, which may be suggestive of high blood pressure. Mild coronary calcifications were noted. The right shoulder lipoma appears to be stable, with a 4 cm diameter splenule. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The liver is normal, but there are no signs of parenchymal lung disease.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Lungs and airways: No new lung or airway adenopathies were found. Lung disease was found in the upper lobe of the lungs, with more prominent emphysema in the lungs and more nodulars in the lung, likely due to bronchiolitis. There was no new thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is still in place and has not been grown back since the thyroid was surgically removed in the 1990s. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Mild gynecomastia was again noted.
This is an overview of the results of the most recent study of the thoracic spine in adults. A 1 cm nodule was found in the right lower lobe of the spine on the last study. Other nodules are still there but not as large. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is a normal size. Upper Abdomen: Upper part of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right hilar node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis in series 4 image 231 is still there and there is no new adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of the results of the surgery to remove the lobe of the lung from the chest. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pericardial effusion. Subsegmental atelectasis of the right middle lobe. Stable 6 mm tree-in-bud nodule in the right lower lobe. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary arterial artery, aortic valve and calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Left adrenal myelolipoma. Hepatic steatosis. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies. Thyroid: Thyroid is unremarkable.
We found that the airways of the heart and lungs have not been cleared of fluid and that there are no new lung nodules. The airways are patent with no new pulmonary nodules found. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No thoracic lymphadenopathy was seen. The heart chambers are large and the aorta is of the same size as before. No new bone lesions were found. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The visualized bowel is not obstructed. There is no ascites or lymphadenitis. The vasculature is unremarkable, and no new lesions were seen. There was no new inflammation at the GE junction. The gastrostomy tube with tip and balloon is still in place.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The heart is stably enlarged. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodules were found. No pericardial effusion was noted in the aorta. There is a large right pleural effusion, but this is not thought to be related to the heart. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules. Thyroid gland enlargement was reported in both the paratracheal and the upper lobe of the thyroid. There were no new lymph nodes in either lobe. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The patient is in hospital.
This is an overview of the results from the review of post-mastectomy surgery for breast cancer. The breast is the largest breast in the upper arm and has the largest volume of breast tissue. The right breast has the smallest volume. The left breast has a large volume of the breast and the right breast only has a small volume of tissue. Both breasts have thinning of the bronchial wall (bronchial thickening) in the right lung. There is some thinning in the left lung as well. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart were normal in size and that the aortic valves were still intact. There was no evidence of fluid in the pleural spaces. There were no changes in the thoracic spine. The heart had a normal course and size of the vessels. The aorta had calcification of the valve that carries blood from the heart to the lungs. The lymph nodes in the heart and in the abdomen were not large or large.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways: Lungs: There are no new or enlarging nodules. Mild bronchiectasis in the left lung base. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There is aortic and coronary artery calcification. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement is not known to be a cause for concern. The thyroid appears to be normal size.
