The review of trials found that lung and airway metastatic disease was improved with chemotherapy. There was no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. The heart was normal in size. There were no abnormalities in the arteries of the heart. The great vessels were normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. There is no evidence that thyroid cancer is present. There are moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries. The lymph nodes are normal. The upper abdominal wall of the pelvis is normal.
The review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new lung nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no pericardial effusion. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There was no new thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Severe calcifications of the aortic valvular (valvular) arteries are present. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications ( calcifications in the heart wall) of the coronary arteries. The left vertebral artery is separate from the heart. No pleural (pulmonary) obstruction is noted. No new pleural obstructions are noted. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive tissue lesions. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable, scattered pulmonary nodules, including a 4 mm left lower lobe nodule along the fissure and a 5 mm nodule (4/295) in the right middle lobe, stable back to 12/2020.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of inflammation of the lungs or of the airways. Mild diffuse bronchiectasis is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is observed. No pulmonary edema is reported. The thyroid is unremarkable. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications (clotting) of the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. There was no evidence that the thyroid had been damaged.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no obstruction of the lungs or airways. There are no pericardial effusion or pulmonary edema. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
The evidence is current to 7/8/2020. The review of trials found that the appearance of lung and airways disease is variable, but generally stable. The appearance is not typical for metastasis. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications, but no aggressive bone lesions. The great arteries and soft tissues are normal.
The review of trials found that the lungs are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been identified. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion has been observed. Mild coronary artery calcifications have not been found. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Scattered granulomas. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval resolution of pulmonary adenopathy, which was likely reactive. The right lower lobe of the left lung appears to be stable and normal. Stable sclerosis of the sternum is likely related to prior trauma.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be affected. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is no evidence that it has been affected by cancer. However, there is a suggestion of calcification in the left breast, which could be glandular tissue. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. The airways are patent. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid gland adenopathy. No mediastinal mass. Upper Abdomen: Mild hepatic steatosis.
The review of trials found that the left lung was in the middle of the chest and the right lung was the lower lobe. The left lower lobe was in a state of complete collapse. The right lower lobe continued to shrink and shrink. There was no evidence of obstruction of the airways or of pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart was normal in size. The aorta is normal in caliber. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in people with high blood pressure. There is no evidence that there is any obstruction in the lungs. The thyroid gland is normal. No evidence of adenopathy was found. There were no aggressive bones lesions in the left thyroid gland. Healed rib fractures were noted in the right side of the rib. The evidence is current as of 5/22/2019. Ultrasound and possible biopsy are recommended.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes information from two new reviews. The first was published in 2012. The second was updated in 2015.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the size of lung, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a stable mass in the left lower lobe of the left upper lobe (5.8 x 3.7 cm). There is an unchanged mass of the right lower lobe (9.5 x 5.5 cm) in the right upper lobe. There are multiple additional unchanged pulmonary nodules measuring up to 1.8 cm in short axis. The right lower paratracheal node (1.1 cm) remains unchanged. There is stable narrowing of the bronchus (bronchus) of the upper lung (left mainstem). There are increased pleural effusions with stable pleural nodularity and 2 cm right pleural metastatic nodule on series 5, image 330. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are st enlarged cardiophrenic nodes (1 cm in the short axis). Additionally, there is a right thyroid punctate calcification. A small hiatal hernia is stable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The ascending aorta is ectatic. The blood pool is hypodense relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day from the same day surgery. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There were stable compression deformities present in the superior thoracic spine, transfixed by a posterior hardware. There were multiple chest wall subcutaneous masses, some demonstrating interval growth, for instance an anterior scapular soft tissue mass measuring 3.1 x 2.4 cm, previously 2.8 X 2.2 cm. Stable left superior scapulothoracic mass measuring 4.6 x 2 cm.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on the thyroid gland, lungs, heart and vessels. The thyroid gland is a small but prominent part of the thyroid and appears to be normal. The left lung is not affected. The airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. The aortic valves appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta are noted. There is no change in the amount of fluid in the anterior and posterior pericardium. The hernia in the lower abdomen is stable.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung is patent. The right lung has a patent tree and a wedge wedge resection. Patchy opacities in the right lower lobe may be due to pneumonia or aspiration. Subcutaneous emphysema in the left lateral chest wall. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. No aggressive bone lesions. Subcarinal node measures up to 1 cm. Increased number of subcentimeter lymph nodes. No extraluminal leak of contrast. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 42 mm. No pericardial or aortic calcification. Coronary artery (a major artery) is 42 mm long. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Post radiation changes in the subpleural left upper lobe from prior radiation therapy. No pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. The aorta measures 41 mm, similar to prior. The thyroid is unremarkable. Stable opacities along the right fissure, probably lymph nodes. No new or worsening nodules. No pericardial (under the heart) effusion. Post-radiation changes of the left upper chest wall, better evaluated on concurrent MRI of the chest.
The evidence is current to December 2017. The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural fluid leaks from the lungs. No new adenopathy has been found. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a small amount of evidence that some of the lung nodules are still present in the right lower lobe of the tracheal wall. There is a persistent non-muscle tissue growth in the non membranous trachea, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews. The original review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence of a small number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left lower lobe of the left lung. There is also some evidence that the right humeral head and T10 vertebral body are stable. The ascending thoracic aorta is aneurysmal to 4.2 cm. There are hepatic cysts and hypodensities too small to be able to describe. The patient is status post cholecystectomy.
The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Postoperative changes of the right breast and axilla. The heart appears normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review of trials found that there is a lot of evidence for the presence of thyroid nodules and scarring in the right lung. There is also some evidence that there may be some scarring of the left lung. The heart appears normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. No pericardial effusion is seen. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of deaths due to cancer.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules have decreased in size. Some of these nodules become cavitary and have to be removed. However, the largest measuring up to 1.5 cm in the right lower lobe of the left lung has not been removed. The number of patchy ground glass nodules has increased. No pleural effusion has been reported. No new noncalcified adenopathy has been found. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels: Normal size. Pulmonary artery is normal. No pericardial effusion. No air trapping in the expiratory images. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum and lymph nodes: Calcifications in the hilar and mediastinal distributions. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in bone and soft tissue throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the right upper lobe bronchus is still expanding and the right lung is getting worse. There is a lot of fat in the upper lung and this may be due to lymphangitis. The left upper lung is still getting worse, too. There was no evidence of lung obstruction. The right pleural effusion is now multiloculated and thick-walled and may be caused by infection. There are new soft tissue deposits along the right middle lobe and lower lobe and there is a new layer of fat on the right septal septum. This may be the result of the spread of cancer. There were no serious side effects. The heart and vessels: The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The aortic arteries are normal. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Lipoma in shoulder musculature can be noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the right lung tube was in satisfactory position. The right chest tube ended at the base of the chest wall. Two left chest tubes terminated at the apex. No oral contrast was seen in the mediastinum or adjacent pleural space or lung. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Small hiatus hernia was noted in the esophagus. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications were noted. No associated gas in the soft tissues.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review now includes data from two new studies. The original review found that there is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland (3/40) and additional, scattered sub-4 mm nodules are seen. There is severe centrilobular emphysema, slightly progressed since 2017. No focal consolidation is seen. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion is noted. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Degenerative changes are seen in the visualized spine. Changes from prior lumpectomy noted in the left breast. The patient is status post thyroidectomy. Heart and Vessels: Stable cardiomegaly. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that there were no major problems with lung function, but there were some problems with the way the scans were done. There was some evidence that the right lower lobe had a larger lung nodule. The left lower lobe paraspinal finding described on PET/CT has decreased in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. The right lung is still large and the aortic valve is still closed. The heart and vessels are normal size. There is no evidence that there are any problems with heart or blood vessels. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. There were no serious side effects.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart appears normal in size. The aortic valve appears to have a normal course and caliber of the aorta. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were observed. The right upper lobe had a small but stable hernia. The left lower lobe curvilinear atelectasis, similar to prior. Findings below the diaphragm are better delineated on recent MRI of the abdomen.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes data from a new study from March 2021. This review shows that the central tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe and a new 3 mm right upper lobe nodule. No pleural effusions or consolidations have been reported. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway disease. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic aorta or in the thyroid gland. There was no evidence that thyroid gland growth was abnormal. The heart and vessels were normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were seen, but these were not aggressive. No new bone lesions have been found since the previous studies. The evidence is current to September 2014.
This review of trials found no evidence of a difference between patients with aortic valve stenosis and those without. However, there is a small hernia in the right thyroid gland. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. Common origin of the aorta and left common carotid artery are the same. No changes in blood flow to the lungs. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported.
The review of trials found that the heart and lungs appear normal in size. There is no evidence that there are any abnormalities in the lungs or airways. However, there is a small hernia in the left lung. There are moderate coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The heart and vessels appear normal.
The review of trials found no significant change in the size of lung and airways, but there is some evidence that the airways are patent. There is no difference in the number of patients with pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal. Common origin of the heart and the aorta are the same. Mild coronary artery calcifications are still present. No significant change is seen in the shape of the abdomen.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. There is persistent lymphadenopathy in the left upper lobe/lingula, most likely due to radiation. However, this is not a new finding. A large hernia is noted. Sclerotic metastasis remains in the T2 vertebral body. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT scan.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus and mild calcification in aortic leaflets (valvular leaflets) are present. Coronary calcification is not uncommon.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal. No abnormal thyroid tissue was found in the lung. The aorta of the heart is normal and the aortic valve calcifications are not abnormal. No pericardial effusion was found. There was no evidence of obstruction of the airway. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
The review of trials found that the heart and lungs appear normal in size. The thyroid is unremarkable. No pericardial effusion was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Older right-sided rib fracture was noted. The aorta measures 36 mm in length, and the aortic artery calcifications were not seen. Cholelithiasis was not reported.
The thyroid lobe mass measuring approximately 3 cm is stable in size. No new thyroid lobe adenopathy is reported. The heart appears normal in size and there are mild coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion is noted. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways are expanding, and that the aortic valve is enlarging. There is no evidence of obstruction of the pleura. However, there is evidence of enlargement in the heart and vessels. There are no aggressive bone lesions, and there are no reports of pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion. Stable scarring in the right lung apex: treated malignancy. Aortic and aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is still intact. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Stable post radiation changes in the right upper lobe of the trachea. Mild biapical scarring. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aortic valve is normal. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and mild calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerotic lesion in the T5 vertebral body.
Lungs/Pleura: Stable superior segment left lower lobe 5 mm solid nodule (4:139). Stable right upper lobe 3 mm subpleural nodule. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Normal course and diameter of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Punctate calcium deposits in both breasts.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size and that the lungs/airways are patent. However, there is some evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs and the airways. There is no evidence of cancer of the lungs. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. No pericardial effusion is seen. The heart and vessels appear normal.
This review found that lung nodules overall decreased in size and density, and that there were no new consolidations. No new pleural effusion was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. The right rib fracture healed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion was reported. No pericardial effusion. The heart is normal in size. The aorta measures 36 mm. The coronary artery calcifications are stable. The esophagus is patulous and the thyroid gland is heterogeneous. Aortic valve and aortic heart calcifications were not reported.
The review found that lung and airways changes were seen in the left upper lobe. There was a mild enlargement of the right lower lobe superior segment 7.5 mm nodule (5/194). Worsening of thyroid nodularities in the right upper lobe and a thinning of septal thickening were seen. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways are stable and normal. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. There is a new 1.0 cm irregular nodule in the esophageal recess of the right lower lobe (series 4). There is an increase in size of 2.1 cm sclerotic lesion in the T6 vertebral body (series 3), previously measuring 1.3 cm. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta appears to be normal. No pleural effusions have been reported. The thoracic adenopathy has not been found to be a problem. There was no evidence of a change in the thyroid gland size.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is some evidence that the left lung wall is thickening, but this may be due to airways disease. The right lung is also thickening and there is a chance that this is due to scarring. Lungs and airways: The left lung is still thickening. However, this is likely to be related to the presence of pleural fluid in the left upper lobe of the lung. There are no new left lung nodules, and those that were noted on July 2021 examination have resolved. There is no new evidence of lymph nodes. No new lymph nodes have been found. The thyroid gland is still normal. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly: The heart is still too small to show any signs of enlargement. The aortic artery and the left ventricle have calcified. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. LAD stent. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. No enlarging nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: left supraclavicular nodes measure up to 1 cm. Increased number of subcentimeter (1 cm) and hilar lymph nodes, similar to prior exam.
The review of trials found that there is a spiculated mass in the right upper lobe of the bronchus (bronchi) that encases the right mainstem (the uppermost part of the lung). This mass may be due to the presence of a blood clot in the lungs. There is also some evidence that the left adrenal gland may be encased. There was no evidence of any obstruction of the airways (pneumothorax). There is evidence that there may be lymphadenopathy in the left upper and lower lungs. However, there are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart is normal in size. The main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged, measuring 3.4 cm, which may be seen in the setting of high blood pressure. The kidneys are normal. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Moderate to severe narrowing of the heart and vessels. No aggressive bony lesions. Upper Abdomen: No abnormal growths of lymph nodes. No abnormal swelling of the lungs. Normal blood flow to the lungs is clear. The abdomen is normal. No changes of the right upper and middle lobe of the left lung. The right chest port with catheter tip in the SVC is still in place. The aortic valve is still functioning normally. Post surgical changes consistent with prior valve repair.
The review of trials found that the left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in the thoracic aorta is unchanged. No pleural effusion or airway blockage has been reported. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aortic artery. Pulmonary artery is normal. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval enlargement of the right superior medial lymph node measuring up to 9 mm short axis in a series of CT scans. No adenopathy by CT size criteria. New 5 mm soft tissue attenuation nodule at the base of the spine in the right back of the neck. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures (bony) and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the bones. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the right thyroid lobe is heterogeneous. The left thyroid lobe appears to be normal in size. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid. The right thyroid is similar to that of the left thyroid. However, the thyroid is not as thickened as in the thyroid region of the aortic arch. There are no signs of pericardial effusion. The heart is normal size and the arteries are normal in shape. Common origin of the right and left common carotid arteries is from the right brachiocephalic arch (the arch of the brain). Ascending aorta measures 34 mm long. No evidence of an obstruction of the lungs. No signs of pleural obstruction. There was no evidence that the left breast was affected. There were no reports of swelling of the chest wall or of the soft tissues.
The review of trials found that the thoracic aorta is normal size and the lungs and airways clear. There is no evidence of abnormal growth of lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is normal. The heart and vessels are normal size. No abnormal enlargement of the thyroid gland or thyroid gland. Mild bronchiectasis (bronchial effusion) is not reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine are observed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were observed in the thoracic aorta or thyroid. The remaining visualized organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine are observed.
The review of trials found no evidence of aggressive bone lesions in the lungs or in the aorta. However, bronchial wall thickening has been observed. There is no evidence to support the theory that this is due to cancer of the upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree. The review found that the right upper lobe nodule is stable, but the left upper lobe is still growing. This is likely due to the presence of a mucoid impaction, which has resolved. The thyroid gland is normal in size. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid gland. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of aortas. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Other structures and tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the heart appears normal in size. There is no evidence of new or enlargement of lymph nodes. The lung and airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The aortic valve appears to be normal. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The heart appears to follow the normal course and caliber of the aorta. The abdomen appears normal.
The review of trials found that some of the cysts are still in the upper airways and some have progressed. However, the severity of the disease is similar. The thyroid gland appears normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. The heart appears normal. The aortic valve calcifications are not abnormal. No abnormal bone lesions have been noted. The presence of multiple vertebral hemangiomata and soft tissue deposits in both breasts is not uncommon. No evidence of bone lesions has been found. The quality of the evidence is low to moderate. More research is needed to determine the best way to treat cysts and lymph nodes in people with cystic fibrosis.
The review of trials found that some of the lung nodules were stable, but others were not. There are chronic peripheral consolidations in the right middle and lower lobes, with trace pleural effusion. A 1 cm right thyroid nodule is again noted. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, suggesting that there is a high blood pressure in the left lung. No aggressive lung cancer is seen. A mild fracture of the T6 vertebral body was found, but the fracture was not aggressive.
The thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland shows no aggressive bone lesions. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways/pleura show worsening of the right upper lobe. Significant interval enlargement in right pleural effusion. Stable right middle lobe nodularity. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Confluent tissue opacity surrounding the right hilum as on prior exam. Thyroid gland is unremarkable. Small pericardial fluid. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest wall therapy port tip ends in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. The lungs and airways are patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The aorta is mildly dilated. The left internal jugular central venous catheter tip terminates in the SVC. Enteric tube terminates at the stomach. The right upper lobe and both lower lobes have dense consolidations of bone in both the right and left upper lobe.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: See recently dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference in lung function between patients who had a CABG and those who did not. There were few cysts in the right lung, some of which were calcified. The heart was normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. No acute abnormality was noted in the abdomen. There was no significant difference in the size of the lymph nodes. However, there was a small fracture of the right sixth rib. This fracture is not thought to be of major importance.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormalities in the lungs or airways. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild bronchiectasis (bronchial tree) in the lower lobe of the right lower lobe. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found no evidence of aggressive bone lesions. However, there were a few cases of abnormal growths in the upper and lower limbs. There was some evidence of an enlargement of the thyroid gland, but this was probably due to congestion. The thyroid gland was not large enough to be of interest. The aortic valve calcifications were noted, but these were small. There were no major problems with the heart, lungs, or airways. The review concluded that there is a lack of evidence for an aggressive bone lesion in the middle of the neck. More research is needed to confirm this conclusion.
This is an update of a previous version of this review. The original version was first published in 2010. This update has been updated with a new version of the original review.Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prevascular mediastinal node measuring up to 1.1 cm short axis in series 3 image 80. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Benign-appearing lucent lesions in the left third rib. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening with foci of mucoid impaction. The right upper lobe 5 mm groundglass nodule (4:85). Scattered calcified granulomata. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are noted. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Small hiatus hernia. No aggressive bone lesions are observed. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No arterial calcifications. Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. A right chest tube enters at the seventh/eighth intercostal space. A very small right anteriorly layering pneumothorax is present. There is minimal right pleural fluid. Mild bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Punctate calcified granuloma in the liver.
The review found that lung and airway metastases were more likely to shrink in people with metastatic lung cancer. However, these metastases did not change in size or distribution. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Insufficient evidence to suggest that the thyroid gland is abnormal. No evidence of thyroid adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. No serious side effects. The review also found that the liver and other organs were not affected by cancer.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews. The original review was updated in 2013 and a new version was published in 2015.
The review of trials found that the size of the thyroid nodules in the prior studies was similar. There is some evidence that there are some remaining nodules on the left lower lobe, but these are not large enough to be of concern. The thyroid nodule in the right lower lobe is still small. There are no new nodules or new lymph nodes in the new studies. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of patients with pleural or lung problems. The heart and vessels are normal size. The aorta of the heart is normal size, and there is no evidence that it has changed in size or shape. The left lung is clear, and the right lung is still clear. The right lung has the same size and shape as the left lung. The thoracic spine is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The neck and lower abdomen are normal. The chest wall is normal, and no abnormal bone changes are noted.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. However, the size of the largest right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 283, measuring 5.2 cm in length, was slightly increased in size going back to study from January 2010. This is the same as the most recent study published in 2010. There is no evidence of a new lung or airway enlargement. The rest of the thoracic spine is normal size. There are signs of large airway disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortic valve. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: None of the soft tissues are abnormal. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine are seen. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This review examines the effects of the operation on the lungs, airways, and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be normal in size. The endotracheal tube tip ends in the midthoracic trachea. Central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal. There is no pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separate CT abdomen and pelvis examination. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: Portions of the bilateral lower ribs are not visualized. Multiple old left rib fracture deformities are present.
The review of trials found no evidence of pulmonary contusion. There is a small fracture of the left lateral 5th rib, which is likely to be caused by a compression fracture. The heart appears to be normal in size. No acute compression fracture deformity. Central height loss of the T4 and T5 vertebral bodies appear chronic. The lower thoracic rib spaces are likely posttraumatic. No evidence of lung contusion or obstruction. The upper abdominal wall of the aorta is normal. There are no signs of a pericardial effusion, but there is mild soft tissue stranding of left 3-4, 4-5, and 5-6 rib spaces.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2010. The original review was first published in 2009. This updated version was updated in 2013.
The review of trials found no evidence of airway obstruction or obstruction. Milder symptoms of bronchiectasis (bronchial wall thickening) were seen in the lower lobe, with the upper lobe having bronchial walls thickening. The left lower lobe scarring was thought to be due to scarring, but this was not confirmed. No evidence was found of obstruction of the lungs. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There was no evidence that the heart had a problem with narrowing. The aortic and coronary artery calcifications were found to be the same. The liver was found to have granuloma, a cancer, in the right liver. There were no signs of bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There is no evidence to support the use of steroids for bronchiolitis in people with COPD. More research is needed to determine the best dose and duration of steroids.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of thoracic aorta. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative change in spine and neck.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. However, the clustered right upper lobe nodules have decreased in size compared to the prior study. Other scattered lung nodules are unchanged. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course of the aorta. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Enlarged thyroid. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT for findings below the level of the diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of bones. Routine age-related disease changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review found that the left lung and airways were stable in size, but the left upper lobe had a greater loss of volume. However, there was improvement in the left bronchus. The thyroid is heterogeneous. No new thyroid adenopathy was found. There was no evidence of new cancer growth in the thyroid or lymph nodes. There is some evidence of scarring of the pleura in the right pleura. The left lung appears to be stable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The upper abdomen/pelvis was examined in the same way as the lung. No aggressive cancer growth was seen.
This review found that there are a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules that remain stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural swelling.
The review of trials found no new noncalcified lung nodules. However, there was one new lower paratracheal lymph node in the left upper lobe of the lung. This lesion was found in the same area as the mediastinum and is still there to this date. The findings of this review suggest that this lymph node is probably the same size and shape as the rest of the lymph nodes. This lymph node has a normal shape and size. There is no evidence of a difference in the size of the heart and vessels. There are no new pleural or airway lesions. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The quality of the evidence is very low. The main limitations of the review are that there were only a small number of studies and some of these were of poor quality. Further research is needed.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growth or development of lung, airway, or blood vessels. However, there is evidence that the heart and vessels of the thoracic spine may be affected. There is no evidence to support the use of aortic valve replacement. No abnormal growths have been found in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal size. The aorta is normal in size and shape. The arteries of the heart, vessels, and blood vessels are normal. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The review concludes that there is a need for further research in this area. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2014.
The review of trials found stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the left lung on CT scan. No new or enlarging lung nodules were seen. No pericardial effusion was observed. There is a stable 1.1 cm left axillary node. Approximately 2 cm left thyroid gland heterogeneous nodule is stable. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. Heart and Vessels: There is stable biatrial enlargement. There was no evidence of an increase in the size of the heart and vessels. The airways are patent. A right chest wall Chemo-Port ends in the distal SVC. Dual lead pacemaker is in place. Status post CABG, and TAVR. Epicardial wires are seen. Moderate coronary calcifications.
The review of trials found that lung consolidation and volume loss were stable. However, there was a decrease in the size of the aortic aorta. There was no evidence of pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The review also found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The heart and vessels were normal size.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Mild coronary artery calcifications: Mild atherosclerotic calcifications in the coronary arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were clear. Lungs/airways/Pleura: No consolidations. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries (a group of arteries) and aortas (vessels) are rare. Moderate-sized hernia. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: None of the tissues were affected. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine are evident.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. We found that there is some evidence that lung and airway obstruction is increasing in people with metastatic lung cancer. There is also evidence that there are some abnormalities in the heart and vessels. There are no major problems with the heart or vessels. However, there is evidence that the lungs and airways may be inflamed and there is a slight increase in the amount of mucus in the central airways. There may be some abnormalities with respect to the presence of lymph nodes and lymph nodes in the lymph nodes. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of people with cancerous growths in the aorta of the heart. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules were less than 4 mm long, and that some of these nodules may be related to mucoid impaction. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are a number of small, scattered granulomas. Some of these are likely related to the presence of the aortic valve in the right lung. There is a 1.1 x 0.6 cm pleure along the pleura. Clustered centrilobular nodules are in the upper lobes bilaterally. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe arteries calcifications: Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: There is no evidence of bone lesions in the lower abdomen. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine are observed.
The review of trials found that chronic fibrotic lung disease is a chronic lung disease that affects the airway and airways. It is caused by fibrosis of the upper airway, bronchiectasis, and pleura. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The heart is normal in size. The aortic valve calcifications are not seen. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland.
The review of trials found that the thoracic aorta and lungs were normal size. No abnormal growths were found. Lungs were clear. Pulmonary artery was normal size and there was no evidence of abnormal growth in the upper abdominal cavity. There was a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there was a small amount of bone loss in the lower breast. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland has changed in any major way. The thyroid gland is normal size, and the heart and vessels are normal. There were no abnormal changes in the thyroid glands.
This review found that there is a lot of evidence for the presence of sub-5 mm nodules. There is evidence that there are multiple bilateral lung nodules, and that the left lung has a new spiculated nodule. There are also extensive other sub-2 cm nodules in the lungs. In the right lung, there are stable nodules a 0.7 cm and 1.2 cm long. The heart appears normal in size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. A calcification is seen in the left breast. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: [Mediastinal lymph nodes measuring 1.1 cm is grossly stable. Hilar lymph nodes are difficult to evaluate due to noncontrast study.
This review shows that the right middle lobe lung nodule remains stable. There is no new or enlarging lung or lymphadenopathy. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. The left thyroid nodule is stable. Sclerotic lesions in the right second rib are stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. However, a trace right pleural effusion is noted. No aggressive lymphadenopathy is seen. No axillary, mediastinal, or hilar lymphadenopathies are identified. The left lung appears to be stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review of trials found that the cavitary lesion remains the same in size going back to study from July 2021 but has progressed since then. There is increasing fluid in the aortic arch of the left lung. There are multiple calcifications and a fluid level in this lesion. No new lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe centrilobular emphysematous changes throughout the lung. Signs of large airway disease including a thickening of the wall of the lungs. No pericardial effusion. There was no change in the number of heart attacks or deaths. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Stable dilation of bile duct.
This review found that there is no new or enlarging lung nodule in the right lung. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion have been found. There is no aggressive osseous lesion.
This review of clinical trials found that there is no evidence that lung cancer is present. However, there is evidence that there are a number of small sub-4 mm lung lesions in the right and left lower lobe of the thoracic lobe. There is no aggressive lung cancer. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No other findings to suggest interstitial disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Stable postsurgical changes consistent with prior heart transplant. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Mild air trapping on the expiratory images. No aggressive bony lesions. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Linear bands of soft tissue, which may represent atelectasis or scarring, are seen in the lower abdomen. No new or growing pulmonary nodule. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the arteries and aortas are seen. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that lung and airway obstructions may be due to the presence of atelectasis. However, there is no evidence that this is due to an aggressive lung disease. There is a small amount of fluid in the upper airway, which is thought to be from a broken valve. There are no signs of obstruction of the airway. The review also found that the left atrium appears to be dilated. There were no signs that the atrial appendage had been cut. There was no evidence of damage to the heart or vessels. The quality of life of the patients is moderate to high.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were normal in size. However, there was some evidence of narrowing of the airways in the lower lobe. This may have been due to the presence of an obstruction in the lung. There was no evidence of obstruction of the upper lung. The liver was slightly lobular in contour. The spleen appeared top normal to mildly enlarged. Enteric tube is present within the stomach. No aggressive lesions were identified. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears normal. The ascending thoracic aorta measures up to 3.8 cm, mildly ectatic. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen in the setting of high blood pressure. Upper Abdomen: The liver appears to be normal, but the spleen may be slightly enlarged. There were no aggressive lesions in the osseous lesion area. Mild anterior wedging of the C6 vertebral body is seen.
The review of trials found extensive thickening of the airways, bronchiolar wall, and lymph nodes. This may be related to bronchitis or asthma. There is extensive pneumomediastinum in the upper bronchus, with extension into the chest, neck, and right shoulder. The lungs are otherwise clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions are seen. No extravasated oral contrast is identified. No holdup of contrast is seen around the esophagus. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. The left hepatic artery is replaced to the aorta. Normal course and caliber of the heart vessels are noted. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the heart and vessels.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the lungs may be inflamed. There is also evidence that there may be some obstruction of the airway. There are no aggressive oesophageal lesions. The heart size is normal. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy.
The review of trials found that the heart size is stably enlarged. There is no evidence that there are any abnormalities in the chest or the abdomen. The right upper lobe of the right chest has increased, with an increase in leftward shift of the mediastinum. There are trace bilateral pleural (pulmonary) effusions. The left lower lobe has also increased. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. The heart size remains stable. The kidneys are not large enough to be visualized.
The review found that there was no evidence that the patient had a heart attack. There was some evidence of thickening of the upper lobe of the chest and of the lower lobe. However, the patient's heart size is normal. There is no evidence of an increase in the amount of fluid in the lungs. The patient's kidney cyst is still intact, and the patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy. Bone and soft tissue were not affected. No aggressive lesions were identified.
This review of trials found no evidence of a change in the size of the chest. The heart size is normal. There is no indication of an increase in lymphadenopathy. There was no evidence that the pericardial effusion was increased or decreased. There were no aggressive oesophageal lesions. The quality of the evidence was very low. More research is needed.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal size. The lungs are midline and patent. There is no pericardial effusion. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications in the arteries of the heart. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The spleen is prominent but not pathologically enlarged. The visible portion of the spleen contains a granuloma. The right kidney is normal. The left kidney has a cyst in the left adrenal gland, which has not changed in size since 2002, which is reassuring. This lesion did not show increased uptake on PET/CT June 2012. There was no evidence that the pancreatic parenchyma was affected. There were surgical clips in the gallbladder fossa. In the left lower lobe of the left kidney, there was no new lymph node growth, but there was an old lesion in the azygos lobe, which did not change in size. No new lesions were found in the right lower lobe. The heart and vessels are normal size and there are no new lesions. However, there are changes in the thoracic spine and the shoulders. The sternum has a thickening of the soft tissue around the sternum, and there is a new layer of fatty atrophy in the sternal manubrium.
This review found that there is a small but stable sub-4 mm lung nodule in the left upper lobe. Mild subpleural reticulation is seen anteriorly in the lower lobe. There is a stable cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe, but the size of the cyst is small. There are no aggressive lymphadenopathy. Mild emphysema is present. A new small left pleural effusion is present, but there is no new aggressive lesion. T12 compression fracture with associated bone grafts is unchanged. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate MRI abdomen report.
The review of trials found that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new or worsening pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including thickening of the bronchial wall and scarring or scarring in the lung bases. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that the left upper and lower lobe peribronchial (bilateral) pericardial opacities were stable. The right lower lobe (paratracheal) and the right upper lobe (median) had a patch of groundglass in the right base. There was no significant air trapping in the left lower lobe. There were mild traction bronchiectasis (bronchiolitis) in the middle of the lung. There is a stable enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, measuring 3.2 cm., in the setting of high blood pressure. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: The heart is stable. There are severe heart and blood vessel calcifications. The airways are patent. No obstruction of the airways is noted. The left thyroid gland has a stable nodularity. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The rib fractures are healing. Biventricular AICD is seen. Interval placement of the gastrostomy tube is not known.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable changes of the bilateral lower lobes. There is decreased soft tissue thickening along the suture line in the right lobe. The 4 mm left lower lobe lung nodules in series 3 image 209 are unchanged compared to the prior study and are stable going back to studies from July 2020. There are no signs of large airway disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The right lung is normal size. Normal course and size of the aorta is normal. Pulmonary artery, heart and vessels: Normal heart size. No abnormal blood vessels. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Postsurgical changes consistent with prior left-nephrectomy. No new adenopathy in the upper limb. Small hiatal hernia. No changes in the lower limb. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the heart is enlarged. There is no evidence that there are any abnormalities in the lungs. The heart is not large enough to support the weight of the patient. There may be problems with the blood supply to the lungs, but this is unlikely to be an issue. There are no serious complications. The review also found that bones and soft tissue appear to be intact.
This review looked at the size and shape of lung and airway nodules and found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lytic bony lesions in the T3,, T4, and T6 vertebral bodies which have increased in size compared to the prior studies.
This review examines the effects of radiotherapy on the function of lung and airways, and on the thyroid gland. The review of trials found that there is no evidence that radiotherapy is harmful. However, there is some evidence that it can cause damage to the bone around the lungs. There is also some evidence of bone growth in the right thyroid gland, but this is likely to be non-cancerous. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion has been observed. The right lung is still intact. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland is still calcified. No aggressive bone growth has been noted. The left thyroid gland remains calcified, but there is a small hernia. The aorta of the heart is normal in size. A right chest wall Chemo-Port ends in the distal SVC.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral partial visualized hypothermia. No aggressive bone lesions. Routinely age-related changes in the spine. Intramuscular lymph nodes: Calcified lymph nodes in the right and left lymph nodes. No noncalcified thyroid adenopathy by CT size tests. No new or growing lymph nodes or lymph nodes of the thyroid. The right shoulder musculature: In the left shoulder, a benign finding. The left shoulder muscle: No aggressive disease of the muscle. The heart and vessels: No abnormal changes. The arteries of the heart are normal size, but there are some abnormal calcifications of the coronary arteries.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is a collection of debris in the right lower lobe bronchus and this finding is the same as on the prior study from September 2021 but is new to prior studies. There are no new pleural effusions. The heart and vessels are normal size. The arteries and aorta are normal. The liver and lungs are clear. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. The spine is stable. No new consolidations have been observed. The findings of this review are consistent with the findings of previous studies.
This review looked at the effects of surgery on the lungs, heart and vessels. The review found that the lungs and airways were clear. There was no obstruction of the airways. The main pulmonary artery was enlarged up to 3.3 cm which was larger than the aorta at this level. There is also dilation of the lobar and segmental lung arteries. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bony lesions were found. The thyroid gland was normal. No thyroid adenopathy was found. There were no abnormal blood vessels or lymph nodes. The left-sided rib fractures healed on their own.
The purpose of this review was to assess the extent of lung cancer in people with COPD. The review found that there are a number of small, diffuse lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are noted. There is no aggressive lung cancer or pleural effusion.
This is an update of a previous version of this review. In this updated version, we found that there is no evidence of an increase in lung metastases. However, there is a small increase in the size of some of the lymphadenopathies. There is also no evidence that the tumour has spread to the lungs. No aggressive tumour is seen.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of adenopathy per size criteria. However, there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be calcified. There is also some evidence of a calcified nodule in the left thyroid gland. The heart appears to be normal size. The aorta is normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions are seen. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The spine has degenerative changes of the spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes were consistent with prior right middle lobe surgery. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pneumothorax was reported. The right lung was normal size. The left lung was slightly narrowed and the aorta was normal. The heart and vessels were normal size, with normal blood flow to the lungs. No pericardial effusion was noted. The combined findings of the trials showed that the right lung and the airways were clear, and that the heart and vessel size were normal. However, there was a small amount of blood loss from the heart, vessels, and lungs, which may be related to airway disease. The review found that there were no new bony lesions in the right fifth rib. The mixed lytic and sclerotic bony lesion of the right rib in series 5 image 220 for example is unchanged.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: The right upper lobe has a spiculated mass with a fissure in the middle of it. The nodule is connected to the right major fissures. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening, which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Mild thyroid calcification. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Scattered lucent lesions in the spine. Commonly seen are small hernias (for example C7, T3 vertebras) in the neck.
This review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the lungs, heart or vessels. However, there is some evidence that the lungs may have changed in size and shape. There is no evidence that there is cancer in the lymph nodes, but there are some indications that there may be some cancer in parts of the breast tissue. There are no new or enlarging lymph nodes. No aggressive bone lesions have been seen. There were no reports of cancerous growths in the abdomen. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The aorta is normal and the aortic valve is normal. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were identified. The breast tissue appears to be normal but there is evidence of scarring in the left breast and there is a possibility that breast cancer has spread to the right breast. More research is needed.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that lung function may be affected. However, there is no evidence that this affects the function of the pleura (pulmonary or airways). There is evidence that there may be damage to the thyroid gland. There is also evidence that the heart and vessels may be damaged. The findings of this review should be treated with caution because of the small size of some of the lesions. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
This review found that there is a small but stable lung nodule in the upper lobe. There is no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions are seen. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. The aorta appears to be normal. There are stable sclerotic lesions in the T1 and T10 vertebral bodies. There was a stable lesion at the level of T10 that expands the foramen and measures 2.1 cm Hounsfield unit 7, likely representing a perineural cyst. Upper Abdomen: There is a minor hernia in the abdomen. Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The esophagus is distended with fluid, making it difficult to reach the tumour.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways were normal in size. There was no evidence of obstruction in the lungs. The heart and vessels were normal. The aorta was normal in caliber. The pulmonary artery was enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The left thyroid gland had a small but distinct left thyroid nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size, but this may be due to mucus impaction. The right kidney had a large kidney cyst. There were no serious bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The shoulder was treated with arthroplasties. There is no evidence to support the use of ultrasound in the treatment of this condition. Ultrasound is recommended if not already performed.
The review of trials found that the right middle and lower lobe of the thoracic spine may have cavities in the chest wall that may represent cavitary lesions. In the upper lobe, there may be cavitary pulmonary nodules. The right lung is normal size and the left lung is small. Both lungs are in place. The left lung and the right lung are in the middle of the chest. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The right lungs/pneumothoraces/pleura are consolidated in the lower lobe. There is no evidence of cancer of the lungs. The pulmonary artery is normal. The heart and vessels: Normal size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery tips in the apical pleural space. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes are abnormal. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related changes throughout the thorACic spine are observed. Large amount of subcutaneous emphysema is seen in the upper chest wall.
This review of clinical trials found that the heart appears normal in size. There is a new sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right middle lobe. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. There are multiple subcentimeter and axillary lymph nodes. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of aortic aorta. The main pulmonary artery appears to be slightly enlarged, which can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. The patient is status post breast implants status post bilateral mastectomy.
No evidence of pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema is identified. A small aortic hernia is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. No arterial calcifications are found. No thoracic lymphadenopathy is observed.
The review of trials found that there is evidence that the liver and chest may have calcified granulomas. There is also evidence that there may have been sclerotic lesions in the bones and soft tissue. The heart size is enlarged. There are no signs of adenopathy in the chest. No evidence of pericardial or pleural effusion is seen. The liver shows a contour contour and enlarged caudate lobe.
The review of trials found that lung and airways are clear. No pneumothorax has been reported. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Evaluation for small nodules is limited by motion artifact. No consolidations. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques, including the diaphragm, are seen. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Findings of abdominal CT are limited by the fact that the results are not consistent. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The review found no evidence of thyroid cancer. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of obstruction of the airways or of pulmonary edema. There are moderate calcifications of the arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that lung and airways scarring was seen in the right lung. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There are some calcifications in the aorta. There is likely a stable hemangioma in the vertebral body of T8. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. There were no new or enlarging nodules in the lymph nodes. The lymph nodes appear to be the same as prior. There may be a few sclerotic densities along the subscapularis muscle, and biceps muscle, but these likely reflect bone islands.
This review found that lung and airways abnormalities were more common in the left lower lobe. There is increased prominence of spiculated lesions in the spine. There are multiple other lesions measuring up to 0.8 cm, for instance in the right lower lobe, in the heart and lungs. No pleural effusions were seen. Mediastinum and lymph nodes: There are no new lesions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The airways are patent. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous and soft tissues: Increased prominence of lymph nodes. Unclear to distinguish between degenerative changes, but some of these lesions are suspicious.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs (under the skin) are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No abnormal lymph nodes. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary lymph nodes by CT size criteria.
The review of trials found that there are several new metastatic lesions in the lungs. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The left atrium is st enlarged. There are coronary calcifications of LAD. Pulmonary artery is 3.0 cm wide and can be seen in hypertension. The right chest port distal tip ends in the distal SVC. The heart and vessels are stable. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are no thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is stable. There were no changes in the left thyroid gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is likely hemangioma in the lower vertebral body. The density of tissue around the T8 vertebrae was 0.7 cm in the central canal. This could reflect degenerative changes. There was a small decrease in density of the T3 vertebra in the spinal canal.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. We found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities in the lung or in the airway. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The right middle lobe of the tracheobronchial tree was found to have a stable scarring in the middle lobe. The left middle lobe appeared to be normal in size. The aorta of the aortic valve was normal and the right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Please see separate assessment of the CT abdomen/pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissue surrounding the bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal and vessels are normal. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized there is unremarkable. Status post bilateral mastectomy with implant reconstruction.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thyroid nodules. The thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. There is no evidence of a difference in the size of the thyroid nodule in the right upper lobe (4:79), but there is an increase in the number of lymph nodes (5:162). There is a thinning of the bronchial wall. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The right breast has a biopsy clip on the right breast. The left chest wall therapy port tip of the aorta is in the upper atrium. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Lower Abdomen: Status post right nephrectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy.
This review looked at the effects of the operation on the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There were moderate pleural effusions, greater on left. There was a small pericardial effusion. No central pulmonary embolism was seen. Endotracheal tube was in place. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Enteric tube is seen. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There was no aggressive bone damage. Status post CABG.
This review assesses the effects of surgical resection of the lungs and airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 1.5 cm ground glass nodule in the superior segment of the left lower lobe. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild biapical scarring. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The right breast 9 mm lesion, may represent normal preserved tissue. Correlate with mammogram.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway changes in the left upper lobe of the left shoulder have been present since at least October 2021. There is no evidence of a change in the size of the aortic valve. There are surrounding tree-in-bud-like opacities in the lungs. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The right upper lobe has a 2.3 cm groundglass nodule. Additional scattered stable nodules have been found. The left lower lobe had a 5 mm left lobe nodule, which was found to be stable. There were no other differences between the left lower and right lower lobe. There was no evidence that the left pleural effusion was caused by the cancer. The aorta of the heart appears to be normal. There may be some calcifications in the valve in the heart. The breast tissue appeared to be intact. Calcifications and/or biopsy clips in both breasts were found. No evidence of cancer of the breast tissue was found.
The review found that lung nodules were seen in the right lower lobe of the heart. There is bibasilar atelectasis, which is a disease of the bile ducts. No pleural effusion was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The airways are patent. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal course and caliber.
The review found that left upper lobe consolidation has decreased since prior exam consistent with healing. However, this is a result of prior fungal pneumonia. The right lower lobe 1 cm nodule has been resolved. No pleural effusion has been noted. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The thyroid is normal in size. No thyroid adenopathy is noted. Normal course and diameter of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. No cancer of the thyroid is reported. The left chest wall therapy port tip ends in the SVC. Older left anterior fourth rib fracture has been repaired.
The review of trials found no new enlargement or pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. Adherence of the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Lateral right middle lobe mucous plugging with associated atelectasis. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels appear normal. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No new enlargements. No pericardial effusion. The right lower lobe scarring. The left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy. The aortic artery and aorticular calcifications. Coronary artery and calcification.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobectomy was successful. However, the left lower lobe was not as successful. The right upper lobe had a stable 1.3 cm subpleural groundglass nodule, present since at least 2010. This may be related to prior surgery. No new nodules were noted in the right lung. The left lung was stable. No more than one new nodule was noted. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No pericardial effusion. Pneumobilia may be due to prior cholecystectomy, stable. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications were not noted. Mediastinal lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. The lung and airways are stable. There is a stable 6 mm pulmonary nodule in the left apex. The central airways appear to be patent. No pleural effusions are seen. There are stable subcentimeter mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes. The coronary artery calcification is seen. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report on CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: Slight interval increase in metastatic disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebral body from 0.7 cm to 1.2 cm.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Atrophic thyroid. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules. Mild improvement in superimposed groundglass opacities since May 2021. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal size. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Aortic valve calcification. Older rib fractures. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: None of the soft tissues have been affected.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy in the upper lung, but there is a small amount of evidence in the lower lung. There is a trace left lung effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There are no reports of aortic valve repair. Hypoattenuation of the blood pool, is compatible with anemia.
The review of trials found that there was some evidence that there were some problems with the lungs. There was no evidence that the heart was affected. There were no serious complications. There is a possibility that the stents placed in the lower abdomen may have been placed incorrectly. The stents were placed into the artery of the celiac muscle, but this was not seen. The heart size was not affected. The quality of life of the patients was normal.
The review of trials found that the left thyroid nodule in the chest is unchanged. There is no new lung nodule. The heart size is normal. The pericardial effusion is not seen. There are no aggressive lymphangioleiomyomatosis or hilar lymphadenopathy. Bone and soft tissue are healthy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable sub 4-mm nodules, including a 3 mm nodule in the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland, remain in place. No new or worsening of the disease. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No significant coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unchanged left renal cyst with punctate calcification. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction were noted. Mildly diffuse esophageal wall thickening. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid is normal normal in size. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal. No pericardial effusion. Coronary arteries: No calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseud structures and Soft Tissues: There is no aggressive bone damage.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The appearance of the lungs is stable since May 2021. The aortic valve is dilated and the main pulmonary artery is narrowed which can be seen with pulmonary hypertension. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickness is seen in the setting of GERD. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:159) in the left upper lobe. No more or less enlargement of this nodule. Trace right pleural effusion. Stable mediastinal nodes measuring up to 1.0 cm. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or more enlargements of these nodes. Small pericardial fluid. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Hemangioma in T9 vertebral body.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are no abnormalities in the lungs or the airways. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No abnormalities were found in the neck. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent although evaluation of the internal jugular veins is limited.
The review of trials found low lung volumes and diffuse bronchiectasis. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. There is worsening bibasilar atelectasis and diffuse ground glass attenuation, which is new from prior and likely inflammatory. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland did not appear to be affected. The patient is status post median sternotomy and LVAD placement. The tracheostomy tube is in a satisfactory position. There are no signs of obstruction of the trachea. There may be some evidence of obstruction in the main pulmonary artery, measuring 3.8 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension.
The review of trials found that lung and airways are stable, with no evidence of pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary calcifications are present. No aggressive bone lesions are reported. The right thyroid nodule is stable, but there is an exophytic right thyroid mass in the thymic bed, which is likely to be due to hyperplasia of the thyroid gland. There is no evidence that lymph nodes have been affected. The left lung and the heart are stable. The aorta is normal size. No pericardial effusion is noted. The abdomen is stable.
This review looked at the effects of surgery on the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Again seen are changes in the left upper and middle lobes of the left lung, with accompanying volume loss. There is a small hernia in the chest wall. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic vessels. The left lung appears normal in size. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.7 cm. Heart and Vessels: There are mild coronary calcifications. The right chest wall Chemo-Port, terminating in the cavoatrial junction, is a right lung wall hernia. The upper lobe of the lung has a large amount of mucus plugging (bronchus) in the upper bronchi. The lower lobe has a small amount of fluid in the bronchus. The heart appears to be normal. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There was no aggressive bone damage. There were multiple nonobstructive renal calculi.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal size of the heart and vessels are normal. Moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unblemished. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aortas. No changes in bone structure or function. No major complications.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic bony lesions which are similar in distribution to the prior study. Stable postsurgical changes of the right breast.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchiectasis in the lung bases which is likely related to aspiration. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Normal size of the heart and vessels. No adenopathy in the thorax by CT size criteria. No air fluid collections in the middle of the lung to suggest a leak. No aggressive bone lesions. No abnormal growths of the thyroid gland. No arterial blockage. Severe calcifications of the arteries and veins. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airways disease is a rare but common complication. However, lung disease may be more common in people who have a normal heart and vessels. The review also found that some parts of the thyroid gland appear to be abnormal. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been noted. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T8 vertebras vertebral bodies. Mild calcified granulomas are seen. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Scattered bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. The heart appears to be normal in size. Mild dilatation of descending aorta to 3.7 cm.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic spine. Lungs and airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Cholelithiasis.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe coronary artery calcification. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been found to be affected. Nodular thyroid: Normal thyroid size. Osseous structures and soft Tissues: No aggressive bones. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the right lung and airways/pleura are still thickening, but there are no new pleural effusions. The right lung is still thin and the airways are patent. No new thoracic adenopathy has been reported. The thyroid gland is still functioning normally. The heart and vessels: Mild left atrial fibrillation. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild ectasia of descending aorta at 3.8 cm. Calcified granuloma in the middle lobe. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are thickening, particularly in the right lung. There is no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No suspicious nodules or masses. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There are severe calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with hypertension. The liver is thinning. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Healed rib fractures are noted in the left lung. No abnormal bone growths are seen.
The review of trials found that lung and airways function normally. There is no evidence of atelectasis. The heart appears normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. There was a small hernia in the hiatal hernia.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Chronic fluid collections in the right pleural space are unchanged in size compared to the prior trial. No new consolidations of the right bronchial stump are unchanged. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are not seen. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures/Soft Tissues: Normal age-related changes in the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of obstruction of the airways. However, there is some evidence that small airways disease may be present. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways are blocked. The heart appears normal in size. The aorta appears to be normal. No pericardial effusion was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
The review of trials found that both lungs and airways were affected. There is severe emphysema throughout both lungs. There are some evidence that there is a thinning of the airways, which may be due to the presence of fine fibrosis. However, there is also evidence that the aorta (the main artery) is dilated, which can be seen in the upper lungs. The narrowing of the bronchi appears to be a problem, and there are areas of impaction (bronchomalacia). There is no evidence of pleural effusion. There was no evidence that heart or blood vessels were damaged. The heart is normal in size. The arteries of the lungs are slightly dilated. There were no signs of aortic stenosis. The hernia of the stomach was partially visualized. No definite aggressive lesion was identified. The aortus is not large enough to be considered to be of concern.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Clear lungs. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Heart and Vessels: Question mild cardiomegaly. No coronary artery or aortic calcifications. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left axillary nodes have a normal fatty hilum but have a benign etiology. No additional enlarged nodes. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mild bony growths in the right upper lobe.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There were no additional smaller nodules in the left lung. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There are mild aortic valvular calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
The review of trials found that lung disease is a chronic lung disease caused by fibrotic fibrosis. This disease is caused by the growth of fibroids (fibroids) in the upper airways. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree has a patent. Mild groundglass opacities are noted. No pleural effusion or lung wall obstruction is noted. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Severe coronary artery calcifications. Aortic valve calcification. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is an increase in the number of subcentimeter lymph nodes. This can be seen as a feature of ILD. This should be noted in the context of the chronic fibrosis of the lung. Urinary cords: The cords are intact. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires. The cords appear to be in good alignment. Status post CABG. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis.
The review of trials found that the aortic aorta is still intact. However, the timing of contrast is not adequate for evaluation of the arteries. No evidence of pneumonia is found. A known flap of tissue extending from the root of the artery to the abdomen is seen in the carotid arteries. This flap may be related to recent surgery. There is no evidence of adenopathy. The aortus is still in place. No pericardial effusion has been reported. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are intact. The arteries are still intact and clear. There are no signs of an obstruction of the vessels. The left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads over the right atrium and right ventricle. Surgical clips in the right axilla.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Upper lobes predominant groundglass opacities with a pattern of thickening. Small left pleural effusion with a passive atelectasis at the base. Moderate-sized left lung effusion. Heart and Vessels: Right IJ catheters end in the right atrium. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
Lungs/airways/Pleura: Status post right lower lobectomy with stable right lung perihilar post radiation changes. Improved bronchial impaction. Chronic right pleural thickening. No new or enlarging lung nodules or suspicious density. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid gland: No abnormal growths. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mildly scarring in the right middle lobe and at the lung bases (4:263,274). Lingular 3 mm nodule is a benign postinfectious or postinflammatory in etiology. No pneumothorax. Mild of the right hemidiaphragm. Trace right pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening with fluid and debris noted in the middle of the esophagus which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Small hernia. Thyroid gland: thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: High density material in the gallbladder. It is probably due to the excretion of some of the contrast in the blood. Please see separate dictation of the CT abdomen/pelvis. No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are normal and the aorta and aortic arteries are normal in caliber. However, the pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There are no aggressive bone lesions. There is no pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels are normal. If patient is at risk for lung cancer, CT in 12 months may be considered. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the lungs, airways, heart and vessels. The review found that the left upper lobe pulmonary nodule was larger than the right upper lobe and was new going back to the study from 2017. No pleural effusion was observed. The right lower lung was the same size as the left. There was no evidence of a change in the thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thoracic aorta was normal size. The heart was normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was noted. The upper abdominal wall was clear. No evidence of changes in the soft tissue around the diaphragm.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is difficult to measure due to atelectasis, in the series 3 image 379, for example. The other scattered lung nodules are unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of a difference in the size of the aorta, heart and vessels. There are a few scattered groundglass nodules in the left lower lobe of the left lung, but these appear similar to those in the right lung. An index nodule in the lower lobe was 7 mm in size, but this was not significantly changed. There is no evidence that this is a new type of cancer. The heart and vessel chambers are normal in size. The right-sided chest port is in the centre of the chest and travels through the chest wall to reach the heart. The left-side aortic valve does not seem to have an abnormal course. No pericardial effusion. Hepatic steatosis is not uncommon. No aggressive bone lesions are seen.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. Mild coronary calcifications are noted. The thyroid gland is nodular. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable small hiatal hernia. Upper Abdomen: Multiple splenic calcified granulomas. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways were not blocked.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of a difference in lung and airway nodules, but there is mild bibasilar air trapping. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common artery. No aggressive bone lesions are seen.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications in the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Atrophic native kidneys. Normal thyroid. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: None of the bone lesions have been found. Routine age-related changes in the thorax are observed.
The review of trials found that the chest tube is in satisfactory position. There is a small persistent known leak from the esophagus to the middle of the stomach. No significant amount of air to suggest necrotizing infection. There was no evidence of adenopathy. The heart is normal in size. The aortic valve calcifications are normal. There were no major complications in this review.
This is an update of an earlier version of this review. The original review was published in 2010. This update has been updated with the addition of a new version of the original review. This updated review now includes a new set of studies from July 2016. The review now shows that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the right middle lobe of the thoracic spine. There is no new consolidation of the lung or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. Bilateral breast implants in place. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is a slight enlargement in the left upper lobe of the chest wall. Mild nodularity along the left fissure is noted. There are severe calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema was noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Mild emphysema was noted in the chest. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There was no hilar or mediastinal adenopathy, but there was a small enlargement of the left lymph node measuring 1.2 cm.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Post surgical changes consistent with prior right upper lobectomy including scarring in the right hilum. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal bone structure and soft tissues: No aggressive disease of the bone. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries (the main arteries of the heart) and aortas (the veins) are normal size. No pericardial effusion. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormalities in the thyroid gland. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No abnormal lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The right heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately a report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. No changes of the thoracic spine. Bilateral chest wall lipoma.
The review of trials found that aortic valve calcification is a problem in the aorta, but not in the lungs or airways. However, this is not a major problem, and the length of time it takes to get to the lungs and airways is a concern. The review also found that there is a lack of evidence to support the use of an arterial defibrillator in the heart and lungs. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected.
The primary lesion in the right upper lobe is unchanged measuring 5.3 x 2.7 cm in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The thyroid is unremarkable. Mediastinum and lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size, the vessels are normal in caliber. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no coronary calcifications. The great arteries are normal. The aorta and the aortic valve have mild calcifications, and there is a small amount of calcification of the mitral valve. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis. Both CT scans were performed on the same day.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The lungs and airways are patent. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. There is a large left pleural effusion and associated atelectasis, which was seen in 2017. Thickening of the mediastinal pleura is also observed. A right upper lobe calcified granuloma is seen. There are multiple abdominal varices. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Normal course and caliber of aorta are seen, and a right IJ catheter terminates in the right atrium.
The review of trials found that the heart and vessels were normal in size. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the arteries. There is no pericardial (heart) effusion. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The left vertebral artery is separate from the aorta.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Nonobstructing right kidneys. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures (bones and soft tissues): None. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine. Healing of rib fractures.
The review found that there is a moderate large right lung obstruction with a mixture of left and right pneumothorax. There is an endotracheal tube in the mid trachea and two right-sided chest tubes. The central airways are patent. Two enteric tubes are seen in the stomach and two left-sided central venous catheters are in place. There are no major problems with the lungs. The heart is normal in size. The main pulmonary arteries are enlarged measuring 3.7 cm, suggestive of high blood pressure. The ascending aorta is 3.5 cm. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the lower limbs. There was no pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that lung and airway scarring was similar in the left lung, but the right lung was scarred more. No endobronchial lesion was seen. No pleural effusions were seen. Subpleural reticulations were seen in the right middle lobe, similar to prior. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The visualized thyroid was unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The aortic artery calcifications were not seen. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. The left breast and left axilla had surgical changes.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. There is a small cluster of peribronchial groundglass opacities in the lower lobe (4/239) of the left lung. Mild biapical (paraseptal) emphysema is seen. No pleural effusion is noted. The spleen is st enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Multiple left-sided ribs have healed. Embolization coils in the upper abdomen are present. There are mild dependent secretions within the superior trachea. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic (neck) adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: There is no pericardial (heart) effusion. There were mild coronary calcifications. There was no evidence of heart failure. The liver is cirrhotic.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were stable in size and there were no major complications. There was some evidence of bone growth in the lungs, but there was no evidence of cancer of the lungs or of the pleura. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There were no pericardial (under the heart) effusions. There are mild calcified granulomas. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT of the abdomen/pelvis on same day. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic lung adenopathy. The airways are patent.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Central line tip terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that the lungs/airways and pleural effusions were mildly increased. A new small pneumothorax has developed in the right lung on the right side. The previous secretions in the bronchus have cleared. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of an increase in lung or airway effusion. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Large prominent lymph nodes, such as 1 cm left paraaortic lymph node, are likely to be reactive.
The review of trials found that there is a trend towards worsening of the disease. There is also progression of lower lobe bronchi thickening. The heart appears normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are observed. Hypoattenuation of blood pool, is compatible with anemia. Lower chest wall Chemo-Port ends in the distal SVC.
The review of trials found that lung and airway metastases were less likely to be found in the chest after radiotherapy. However, these findings must be interpreted with caution. There was no evidence that the thyroid was affected. There were no major complications. The heart and vessels were normal in size. There are no problems with the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There are scattered calcified granulomas. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. Mucous secretions in the right mainstem bronchus. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Coronary calcifications and stents.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be normal in size. No pleural effusions are seen. There is a small left Bochdalek hernia and adjacent atelectasis. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There are stable hepatic cysts, measuring up to 2.8 cm in the left hepatic lobe. S-shaped scoliosis is seen. The right breast has a round density within the right breast. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that lung and airway disease has progressed since the prior study. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The central airways are patent. The heart is normal in size and the aorta is normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules are normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: The visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are no abnormalities in the blood vessels. There is no evidence of abnormal lung function. The thyroid is unremarkable. No suspicious nodules or masses have been found. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There were no abnormalities of the coronary arteries. There was a healed fracture of the sternum. No evidence of lung or airway obstruction. No abnormalities were noted in the lymph nodes or thyroid. No abnormal lymph nodes were seen. The visualized thyroid was unremarkable, as was the thyroid gland. The heart and Vessels: The heart is large and healthy, and the arteries are of good size. The coronary arteries are well-maintained, but there are mild calcifications of the heart and vessels. The blood vessels are normal. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately a report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis. In the same day, a bone scan was performed. Please correlate this with the same bone scan. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Innumerable scleropic osseous metastases were noted.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no obstruction of the lungs or the airways. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is aneurysmal, measuring up to 4.4 cm, and the pulmonary artery is normal. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no evidence of any complications. There were no reports of any adverse events.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No pericardial effusion was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The right lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree had a stable 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule. The left upper lobe had an 8 mm nodule with a solid component of the mediastinal windows. The lymph nodes were stable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aorta has a normal course and caliber. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia.
The review of trials found evidence of fibrotic interstitial lung disease, which is a type of lung disease in which airways and lungs are blocked. There is evidence that some lymph nodes in the thyroid gland may be inflamed, but no evidence of cancer. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are again mildly enlarged. The main pulmonary artery is enlarging. The ascending aorta measures 3.7 cm. The visualized thyroid gland appears to be normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or the airways was found.
This review found that thyroid nodules have increased in size and density, now up to 1.5 cm. There is no solid component on mediastinal windows. Additional scattered nodules are stable. There are no aggressive bone lesions in both breasts. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thyroid is heterogeneous.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or abnormal lymph nodes. No new or worsening of existing nodules. Scarring in the medial segment of the right lower lobe of the left lung. Mild elevation of left hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging lymph nodes or suspicious densities. Heart and Vessels: No enlargement of the heart. No pericardial effusion. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: Central tracheobronchial tree (patent) is patent. Lung disease: Scarring of the middle lobe (median) of the lung. Small hiatus hernia. Aortic, coronary artery, and dense mitral annular calcions. Upper Abdomen: Colonic dilation. Hepatic hypodensities too small to describe. Punctate (left renal calculus). Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Old healed right fifth rib fracture.
The review of trials found that lung and airway calcification remains a problem. There is a persistent right medial lower lobe mass-like mass, which is likely to be the same size when the next study is done in August 2021. There was no evidence of narrowing of the airways. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No pericardial fluid leaks. There were no aggressive bone lesions. Severe atherosclerotic coronary artery calcifications were not observed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with small airways disease. No pleural effusion was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. No thoracic lymph nodes were affected. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: None of the lesions were aggressive. No pericardial effusion. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea. Stable 5 mm right middle lobe nodule. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Interlobular septal thickening and increased reticulations in the left middle lobe (see 4:449,481) and the lingula (4:441) in the right lower lobe. Increased subpleural reticulation (reticulations) and thin-walled cyst (thigh cyst) in both the right and left lower lobe were noted. Scarring of the aorta was not noted. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Coronary artery disease: dense calcifications in the LAD. Upper Abdomen: None. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Subcarinal node measured 1.2 cm, stable since 2019. Small hiatus hernia. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that lung function was normal. Lungs/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial and left ventricular enlargement. The aorta is normal in course and caliber. Coronary artery, aortic and valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No fracture was observed. Rib Cage &amp; Sternum: No acute osseous injury. Older healed rib fractures. Thoracic Spine: No bone fracture. No acute oedema. Bilateral breast calcifications: Biopsy clip in the left breast.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Dense mitral annular calcification. Punctate calcifications in the right breast. Coronary artery, aortic and valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
Lungs/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thymic tissue in the anterior mediastinum is heterogeneous. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive tissue lesions. No pericardial effusion.
This is an update of a previous version of this review. The original version was first published in 2010.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the heart and lungs may be enlarged. There is also evidence that there may be a small hernia in the right lung. There are some indications that the kidneys may be scarred. However, there is no evidence that this is a serious problem. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The main pulmonary artery measures 3.4 cm in diameter. No pericardial effusion. Aortic valvular calcifications are seen. The airways are patent. Lower Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Tissues: There are multilevel subchondral juts in the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. However, changes in the right lung after radiotherapy have not yet been fully resolved. The right upper lobe of the right breast has a new subpleural nodule that may be resolved, but this is not definitive. The left breast mass now measures 2.5 x 2.0 cm. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of aortic valve calcifications. Coronary artery calcification: No abnormal bone lesions in the aorta. Direct origin of the left vertebral artery from the the right aorte. Upper Abdomen: None. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the oesophagus.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate calcifications of the coronary arteries and blood vessels. Upper Abdomen: Results from separate MRIs for findings below the level of the abdomen. No changes in bone structure or function. The review found no evidence of an increased risk of cancer of the thyroid or lymph nodes.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Endobronchial 3 mm nodule in the right middle lobe (4:248) and right lower lobe subpleural 4 mm nodulocapular. Lungs and airways: No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild biapical scarring. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion. Mild decrease in right lower lobe subpleural nodule, now 4 mm in size, previously 5 mm (5:278). Interval decrease in the inferior lingula nodule (6 x 3 mm, previously 9 x 5 mm). No new and enlarging nodules, or suspicious densities. Subpleural hernia: Reported separately. Heart and Vessels: Heart chambers appear normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No thyroid is unremarkable. Small hiatus hernia. Pericardial effusion and pleural obstruction.
This review examines the effects of radiotherapy on the thyroid, heart and vessels. The thyroid is enlarged, similar to prior. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax were observed. The heart appears to be normal. The airways are clear. No pleural effusion was noted. The right chest wall port tip terminates in the SVC. Findings below the diaphragm are dictated separately. The thoracic spine appears similar. No axillary (head and neck) or subpectoral (neck) mammary adenopathy was found.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels were normal size. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The abdominal organs were unremarkable. The thyroid gland was normal size and there was no new evidence of adenopathy.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was a small decrease in the size of the left lower lobe of the aortic valve in the prior study. The aorta was unchanged compared to the prior studies. There were no major changes in the number of people who had a heart attack. There is no evidence of a difference in the amount of fluid in the lungs or in the airways. There are no major problems with the heart. The heart and vessels are normal size. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No abnormal growth of lymph nodes. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart and vessel size. Severe coronary artery calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Hypoattenuating lesions in the liver, the largest of which is a simple cyst. Left renal cyst is the most common. Osseous and Soft Tissues: Healed sternotomy. No aggressive bony lesions. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No definite honeycombing (difficult evaluation the setting of pleural effusions). Mildly enlarged septal thickening. Focal bronchiectasis, bronchial scarring and scarring in the right upper apical scarring. Basal (subpleural) and peripheral (central) subpleural cystic changes, mild subpleuritis, and traction bronchitis. No pneumothorax. No pericardial (bronchoidal) effusion. Small hernia. Thyroid gland: Thyroid tissue is heterogeneous. Fluid and debris seen in the esophagus, but not at the level of the proximal portion, consistent with reflux or dysmotility. The aortic (aortic) artery is dilated (32 mm) with pulmonary hypertension. Severe calcifications of the heart and blood vessels can be seen. The body wall edema. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy.
This review examines the effects of bone mineralization on the heart, lungs, kidneys, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and other organs. Heart is normal in size. No acute fracture was identified within limitations of bone demining. No aggressive lesion was identified. There is a 1.2 cm density in the right lower lobe that is lobulated. This could possibly communicate with an airway, suggestive of mucoid impaction. No airway obstruction or pneumothorax is noted. Severe coronary arterial calcifications are present. The liver, gallbladder, and spleen are unremarkable. The aorta is extensive. No hematoma has been identified. No bowel obstruction, ascites, or cancer were noted. The left kidney cyst is nonspecific. Evaluation of the pelvic ring and femurs is nondiagnostic due to extensive motion artifact.
The review of trials found that a small amount of residual air within the pleural space could represent resolving the problem. Additionally, there are 2 extra thoracic fluid collections. These larger collections contain internal air and may communicate with the lung. There is no evidence of lung obstruction. A right upper lobe apical 12 mm ground glass nodule new from prior (series 5, image 178), which may have a different etiology. No aggressive osseous lesion is noted. The left pleura is swollen. There are scattered areas of bronchial mucoid impaction (bronchial swelling) in the right lower lobe of the lungs. This may be due to scarring. There may be scarring of the right lung. The right lung is enlarged. There was no right atrium consolidation. There were no lymphadenopathy, lung ascites, or free airway air. No bowel obstruction. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys appear to be unscarred. A Foley catheter is seen in the bladder lumen. The bladder wall thickening, which may be cystitis. The main pulmonary artery is dilated. The upper aorta is not dilated, and a right hilar node is noted, which is an old rib fracture. Noted are old bilateral rib fractures.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review found that the left lower lobe volume loss with consolidation containing air bronchogram appears overall mildly improved in comparison to the 9/29/2021 CT examination. Consolidations involving the right lower lobe and right upper lobe have improved, however there are residual persistent groundglass and nodular opacities. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with mild height loss of several vertebral bodies appears unchanged. No new acute osseous abnormality has been observed. No significant pericardial effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The central airways are patent. Enteric catheter seen terminating in the proximal duodenum. No acute abnormality of the visualized upper abdomen. Unchanged mild gynecomastia, again more prominent on the right, remains on the left.
The review of trials found that there was a small amount of fluid in the left lung and that there were a few pleural effusions. However, there was no evidence that the lungs were inflamed. There was also no evidence of an increase in the size of the heart. There appears to be some evidence of thickening of the septal septum, which may be a sign of lung damage. The heart size is enlarged post median sternotomy and CABG. Bone and soft tissue were not found to be affected. More research is needed.
The review of trials found that there is a small left lung tube in the upper chest. There is mild centrilobular emphysema, unchanged. The heart size is normal. The spleen is enlarged, measuring 15.3 cm in length. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. No pericardial effusion is noted.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes data from the left lower lobe of the chest and the upper abdomen. The patient is again noted to be status post wedge resection in the left upper lobe. Previously noted right lower lobe airspace consolidation has resolved. Sub-3 mm right upper lobe nodules are unchanged. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The central airways are patent. The heart size is normal. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. The pericardial effusion has not been reported. No new pleural effusion was noted. There was no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. The bones and soft tissue are intact.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and shape. The lungs and airways are normal. There is a left-sided aortic arch with conventional arch anatomy. The thyroid gland is normal. The trachea is midline and patent. No pleural effusions. Mild dependent atelectasis bilaterally. No pulmonary consolidation. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Heart and vessels: There is mild to moderate atherosclerosis (blockage of arteries) of the heart, lungs, and the aorta. The heart and vessels are patent. Bones and soft tissues: The right eighth rib is a bone island. No suspicious lytic or blastic lesion. No lymphadenopathy. The left eighth rib has a sclerotic focus. The liver: Multiple liver metastases. The largest is in the hepatic dome, the liver segment 7/8. There were metastatic lesions in both the left and right hepatic as well as the caudate lobe. Spleen: Splenomegaly (spine) measuring up to 15 cm. Pancreas: There was fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. No bowel obstruction. No focal lesion.. Adrenal glands: Left adrenal gland is nodular. The regional glands are normal.. Kidneys: Multiple left renal cysts measuring 8.9 cm. Unremarkable right kidney. No hydroureteronephrosis or nephrolithiasis. Bowel: Limited evaluation of the stomach. The stomach wall is underdistention and there is a streak from surgical clips in the region near the junction of the bowel. There was a clip along the stomach wall. No intra or extrahepatic (biliary) bile ductal dilation. The gallbladder was not affected. Lumbar: The lumbar spine is degenerative, with a lucent les
The review of trials found no evidence of an increase in the risk of bronchiectasis. There is some evidence that the left ventricle of the chest may have a blood clot in the blood pool, but there is no evidence that this is a problem. The heart size is normal. No aggressive oesophageal lesion was identified. There was no increase in reticulation. There were no significant changes in the amount of air in the chest. The left perinephric hematoma was seen in the upper abdomen, but the blood clot was not large enough to be seen.
The review of trials found that the heart size is stably enlarged. There is an increase in the amount of air in the lower lobe of the chest, but there is also a decrease in the volume of air coming from the upper lobe. There are no signs of pleural effusion. The bones and soft tissue appear to be intact. No aggressive lesions have been identified. No fluid collection is seen. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
The review of trials found that the size of the thyroid lobe has decreased, and that there is a small increase in the right thyroid lobe mass. However, the left thyroid lobe is still large. The left brachiocephalic vein has not yet been widened. There is no evidence of any aggressive lesions. The heart size is normal. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. The neck has not changed in size. No aggressive lesion has been identified. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
The review of trials found no evidence that any of these abnormalities are serious. The heart size is normal. There is a 3 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe that has been there since 2014 and is probably benign. The aneurysm of the ascending thoracic aorta, measuring 4.4 cm in length, is still there, but the size of this aortic aneuryseum has not changed since 2014. There was no new lung nodule. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. Bone and soft tissue were observed. There were old left lateral rib fractures, but no new ones. There are no new fractures in the left lateral 5th-7th rib. No new fractures were noted. The review found that there was no evidence of any new cancer or lymphadenopathy. The overall quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. More research is needed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Large hiatal hernia which contains the majority of the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The breasts have calcified in both breasts bilaterally. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine. Multiple healed rib fractures.
The review of trials found that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: Chest port tip terminates within the superior cavoatrial junction. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related deterioration of the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax in the lungs. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions.
This review found that a single small right lower lobe lung nodule is stable. Other scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules are also stable. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion are seen.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was a small decrease in the number of pleural effusions in the left lung. No pneumothorax was observed. The heart and vessels were normal size. Mild calcifications of the coronary arteries were found in the aorta and aortic veins. The right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC was found to be normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thorax.
The evidence is current to November 2018. Lungs/Airways: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions. Soft tissue within the prevascular median of the thyroid is likely residual thymus.
A 5 mm right upper lobe lung nodule has been identified but is not thought to be cancerous. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review shows that lung cancer has spread to the lungs, airways, and vessels. There is a marked worsening of new and enlarging lymph nodes, for example in the left lung. New consolidations are seen in the right upper and left lower lobes. The esophagus is patulous. Again seen is mass effect on the mainstem bronchi, greater on left, from adjacent adenopathy. The central airways are patent. Moderate pericardial effusion is seen. The heart chambers appear normal in size. There are mild heart and vessel calcifications. The left main pulmonary artery is worsening, with a worsening mass effect of the left main lung artery, but with preserved distal flow. Upper Abdomen: Refer to the CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes in the lung with an upper lobe predominance. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs and soft tissue tissue are unremarkable.
The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery was normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. No pericardial (wound) effusion. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures, soft tissues, and soft tissues: Normal heart and Vessels: Normal size. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Severe aortic valve calcification with diffuse thickening of the LV myocardium was again noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Subcentimeter skin nodules were seen in the right lower anterior chest wall.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the thyroid may have been affected. However, there is not enough evidence to be certain of this. The review also found that the heart may be enlarged. There is no evidence of an increase in the number of people with cancer of both the thyroid and the lungs. The esophagus is filled with fluid. The mid and upper stomachs are collapsed and the esophageal wall thickens. No aggressive bone lesions are seen.
The review of trials found that the lungs are clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Mild atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerosis. Upper Abdomen: The bilateral native kidneys have shrunken and are atrophied. There is stable dextroscoliosis.
The review found that lung function has improved since prior examination of October 26. The fluid component has decreased since prior. The right-sided chest tube terminates in the right apex just inside the pleural space. No pericardial effusion. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic lymph node adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Right IJ ECMO cannula terminates at the right atrium. Femoral approach ECMO and PICC endpoints: The right hand and foot endpoints are in the SVC. The left hand end point is in the atrium, and the left foot endpoint is in a vein. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube ends at diaphragm. Milder right hydropneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bony enlargement. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: No new or enlarging nodules outside of the radiation field. Stable left apical micronodule (3:70, 95). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid cancer. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body. No pericardial effusion.
This review of clinical trials found no new or enlarging lung or airway nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This review found that there is a small but stable nodule in the right upper lobe of the right lung. This is the same as in the left lower lobe. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild emphysema is present. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that the thoracic spine does not change with age. However, there are changes in the size of the lungs and airways and the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size, and the pulmonary artery is normal. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The review also found no evidence that the lung or airways have changed in size or shape.
This review found that the heart is enlarged. There is an increased risk of coronary artery calcification. There has been an increase in pulmonary edema with small pleural effusions. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Larger heart and vessels: Normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Normal bone lesions, but there is no aggressive bone damage.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference in lung or airway disease. There was a small increase in the amount of fluid in the heart and vessels. The left breast glandular tissue was thickening, and the overlying skin thickening. There were no aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Mildly calcified calcification of the heart. No aggressive bone lesions. No new consolidations in the lingula. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT for findings below the level of the abdomen. The review found no aggressive bone disease in the soft tissues. Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Routine age-related changes in the thoracic spine.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild emphysema and mild bronchial wall thickening are seen. Prominent lymph nodes in the left lung remain subcentimeter in short axis.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal disease. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was no thoracic adenopathy. Aortic ossifications. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly: Heart and vessels: The heart had a large enlargement. The vessels had calcifications. LAD and LCx stents stents: No stents were found. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Stable changes consistent with prior surgical removal of the stomach and gastric pull-through. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No new bone lesions in the abdomen. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Mild peripheral reticulations in both lungs have slightly increased. There is no pleural effusion. Paraaortic/paravertebral lymph nodes have increased, for example a 1.5 cm right paraaordic lymph node was 0.8 cm (from image 321, series 5). Extensive coronary arterial calcifications have been seen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. There is mild pulmonary edema with background centrilobular and paraseptal (neural) emphysema. A small left pleural effusion has decreased. The heart is enlarging. The patient is status post left breast reconstruction.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new studies published up to August 2021. We found that lung and airway nodules are similar in size and distribution compared to the prior study published in 2011. There is increasing groundglass and linear scarring in the right upper lobe of the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable appearance of the lytic lesion in the left scapula. Normal thyroid.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Upper Abdomen: Right-sided renal cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Fat necrosis is again noted in the anterior upper abdomen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found no new lung or airway lesions. No new pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Lower abdominal tract: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Normal age-related degenerative changes. Larger bone lesions in the lower abdomen.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes were similar. However, there were differences in the size of the nodules in the upper and lower lungs. There were also changes in the shape of the aortic aorta and heart. There was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid gland was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size and normal. The abdominal organs were unremarkable. The spine was normal in all trials.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic mild calcifications were noted, including leaflets of the valve leaflets. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Stable post radiation changes in the right upper and middle lobes. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No abnormal lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic valve: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Left kidney stones.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. However, the aortic valve calcification was reported separately. There is a small but stable lymph node in the left major fissure. There was no evidence of a new lymph node. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Mild biatrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion. The aorta measures 5.0 cm as on prior exam. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (32 mm). Coronary artery, aort and valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues (e.g. soft tissue) and Bone lesions: No aggressive disease. Degenerative changes of the right shoulder. Course calcification right anterior chest wall.
This review looked at the effects of the operation on the lungs, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung apices were not seen in the field-of-view. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is globally enlarged. There is no evidence that the heart is in distress. Biventricular AICD is present. Lower Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Status post sternotomy. Status after CABG.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a small number of sub-5 mm lung nodules in the right middle lobe of the lung. These are stable and appear to be of good size.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion, heart and vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Small hiatal hernia with diffuse thickening in the distal esophagus, compatible with mass seen on a recent EGD. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Curvilinear band of atelectasis (diffusion) in the middle lobe of the left lung. There is a trace right pleural fluid. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications, including valvular leaflets, are seen. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes data from two new reviews. The original review found that the following changes in the size of the lungs and airways have not been investigated. There is no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of lung function. However, there is some evidence that the right axillary node has decreased in size and now measures up to 1 cm. The left breast radiotherapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the lower abdomen. The thyroid gland is normal in size. No evidence of thyroid adenopathy has been found.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe lung nodule is stable. Mild bronchiectasis and mucous plugging is again noted in the left upper lobe. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion are seen. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. The endplate compression deformity of L1 vertebral body is unchanged.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe pleural effusion. No pleural obstruction. Signs of large airway disease, including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease. The review also found that there is no evidence of bone disease in the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that: Central tracheobronchial tree with patent. Further interval decrease in the left upper lobe spiculated nodule, now 1.6 x 0.7 cm. New superior segment left lower lobe subpleural nodule (adjacent 5 and 3 mm nodules 5:59). New patchy and tree-in-bud ooze in the upper lobe and adjacent 4 mm nodule. Underlying severe emphysema, bronchial wall thickening. Respiratory motion artifact limits evaluation of fine parenchymal detail in the lung bases. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. Heart and Vessels: Mild heart and vessel calcification. No pleural effusion. Subcarinal nodes measure 1 cm as on prior exam. The left 10th rib is stable.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways of the thoracic spine have been affected. However, these findings likely represent mild lung edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been found. The thyroid gland is normal. The heart and vessels are normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. The spine is still straight and solid. The main pulmonary artery measures up to 3.2 cm which is mildly enlarged. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine are noted.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Left aortic arch with an aberrant right subclavian artery with retroesophageal course. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: None of the bone lesions are aggressive. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The thyroid gland is normal in size. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were seen. No pericardial effusion. The aortic artery is normal size and course and caliber of the aorta. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No abnormal bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a small amount of mucous in the right lung, probably due to the presence of a staple line. Nodular pleural thickening in both lungs, as been present since at least 2017. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Heart and Vessels: Status post ascending aortic valve replacement. Fluid surrounding the repair, likely postoperative. No pericardial effusion. Heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Descending aorta measures 35 mm. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube in place. Osseous structures and Tissues: Prior sternotomy, intact wires.
The review of trials found no evidence of fibrotic lung disease in the lower lobe. However, there were some scattered lung nodules (4/210). No new or enlarging lung lesions were observed. No new thoracic adenopathy was measured by size criteria. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mild consolidation of the aortic valve leaflets is also noted. Mild coronary calcifications are noted. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The left lateral chest wall appears to be intact. The right chest port terminating in the distal SVC is also reported. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This review of existing studies found that lung and airway lesions have spread to the lungs and pericardium. These lesions have retracted from the left major fissure, but remain in contact with the pleural surfaces and the left side of the lung. A 1.1 cm left apical nodule is stable. Central left upper lobe mass now measures 2.2 x 1.3 cm. These parts of the mass remain inseparable from the mass. The right upper lobe has 1.9 cm spiculated ground glass nodule. This is unchanged. The left inferior lingula nodule now measures 1.7 x 0.8 cm. It has retracted to the adjacent pleural surface. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are similar to prior. Small left pleural effusion has resolved. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal in size. The lungs are thickening. Underlying centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. No new sclerotic lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The mass in the middle of the left lung remains inseparable to the mass, but the mass has spread to both the left and the right. Subcarinal adenopathy has not changed from prior exam. No definite CT correlate was noted for hypermetabolic lesions on June 2021 PET/CT.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mild lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 1.1 cm right upper lobe ground glass nodule since multiple recent exams. This may represent small airways disease. Scarring at the lung bases. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been found to be abnormal. Thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads end in the right atrium and right ventricle. The aortic valve repair is ongoing. Ascending aorta measured 38 mm in length. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. No calcifications. Coronary artery and aortical calcification. Upper Abdomen: Partial imaged right renal cyst. Left renal hypodensities too small to characterize.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new reports. The original review found that the right lung nodule in the right atrium remains stable and no new or enlarging lung nodules have been identified. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Multiple prominent lymph nodes remain subcentimeter in short axis, for example a 0.8 cm anterior mediastinal node. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications (clotting) of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: Normal bone lesions and normal bone growth. Routine age-related degenerative changes.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland was not affected in any way. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or the airways. However, there were problems with the aortic valve and the main artery. There were no signs of obstruction of the airway or of the lung. The thyroid gland appeared to be normal in size. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid was found. The heart and vessels were not affected. No pericardial effusion was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No calcifications of the ascending aorta were seen. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that the heart or vessels are damaged.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were stable, but the right lung had a small, right-sided pleural effusion. No pneumothorax was observed. The right lung was normal size and the aorta was normal. There was no evidence of a difference in the size of the thyroid gland or lymph nodes. However, there was an increase in the number of lesions in the T12 vertebral body. There is evidence that the T10 and T11 vertebral bodies have bony lesions, and there is an increasing number of rib lesions. There may be a change in the right eighth rib lesion, which may represent treatment change.
The review of trials found that lung and airway scarring and narrowing of the lungs were seen in the right breast. The left breast also had some scarring from radiotherapy. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were seen. The right breast had a small right pleural effusion. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild biapical scarring was noted in the middle of the breast. Aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair were not seen. No pericardial (aortic artery) effusion was seen. In the left breast, calcifications were found in the liver. No changes in the spine or shoulder were noted.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or lung obstruction. No consolidations. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Calcific effusions of the mitral annulus. Left-sided ICD in place. Upper Abdomen: The visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. The review also found no changes in bone structure and tissue. Routine changes in the spine are observed.
This review found that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left lower lobe. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A subcentimeter right thyroid nodule is stable. A sclerotic lesion in the right lateral fifth rib is stable, as is a large hemangioma (a blood clot in the neck) in the T10 vertebral body. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a small number of lung nodules in the left upper lobe of the lung.
This review found that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules, but the size of these is not clear. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy (inflammation of the lymph nodes) or pleural effusion. However, there is evidence that there is some calcification of the arteries in the left lung.
This review found that there are a number of small sub-4 mm lung nodules in the right upper lobe. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. Mild subtle groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe may be nonspecific, and may be infectious in nature. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy. No aggressive osseous lesion has been seen.
This review looked at the effects of cholecystectomy on lung function, heart and vessels. Lungs/Pleura: There is a small lung nodule in the right lower lobe, measuring 2-3 mm in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. There is an enlarged right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size, with normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Upper abdominal wall and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There was no aggressive bone damage. There are no signs of cancer.
The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that the main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm, which can be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The main aortic vein is normal size. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways are clogged or that there are problems with the lungs. The thyroid gland is normal. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. No pericardial drainage is seen. The upper abdominal wall of the thoracic aorta appears to be intact. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid is found.
The review of trials found that the right chest is filled with fluid and that there is a small amount of fluid in the left lung. There is no evidence of obstruction of the airways. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the right breast. In the superior medial right chest, there is an appearance of a simple appearing fluid collection, which is 10 x 2 cm transversely x 7 cm long. Mild hyperdensity along the cutaneous surface of the reconstructed right chest could represent blood products, but there is no organized hematoma. There appears to be a non-organized edema in the chest wall.
The review of trials found no evidence that lung or airways were clogged or blocked. However, there was some evidence of calcified granulomas in the lungs. No evidence of obstruction of the airways was found. The heart appears normal. Severe coronary arterial calcifications and/or stents are present. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Flowing anterior endplate osteophytes were observed.
The review of trials found that there are a few small thyroid nodules in the lung. Mild paraseptal emphysema is noted. No aggressive oesophageal cancer or lymphadenopathy are noted.
There is a large amount of secretions/debris throughout the trachea, bronchus, and left lower lobe of lung. Mild atelectasis is also noted in the lower lobe. There is a 1.8 cm prevascular nodule, likely an enlarged lymph node. Multiple hepatic cysts are noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax are observed.
No pulmonary consolidation, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax has been identified. A small hernia is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review looked at the effects of surgery on the heart, lungs, and other parts of the body. The review found that the heart and lungs are still working normally. The left lung appears to be functioning normally, but there is a small amount of fluid surrounding it. There is some evidence that the aortic arch may be damaged, but this is an expected finding after surgery. The right lung is still working well. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of damage to the aneurysm. The liver and biliary tree are still intact. There are no signs of damage. The body and tail of the liver are well-defined. The biliary ductal dilatation is difficult to see. The pancreatic duct stent is still in place. The pancreas is normal. The stomach is still functioning normally. No evidence of any problems with bowel obstruction. There may be some scarring along the right lung. There seems to be some evidence of scarring on the right side of the anterolateral pleural space, which may be due to scarring of the airway, but it is not thought to be a major problem. It is not known whether this is a problem. There were no reports of problems with the liver or the bile duct. The patient is in a stable condition. The surgery is still ongoing. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution. More research is needed to see if there is any benefit to the patient from the use of a stent.
The review of trials found no aggressive bone lesions, except for a possible small anterior lobe erosion in the right ear, but this may be due to damage to the ear canal. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion. Lungs/Airways: No evidence of lung or airway effusions. There is a small bone lesion in the left lung (4:297). The airways appear to be patent. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive lesions were identified. No evidence was found of periodontal abscesses in this region. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of lymphoma were observed. Heart and Vessels: No changes were found in the heart or vessels. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating liver lesions which are too small to be seen on chest CT are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The review found routine changes in the thoracic spine.
This review assesses the effects of the operation on lung, airways and soft tissue. The review shows that lung and airway disease are stable and normal. However, there are multiple new and enlarging pulmonary nodules, for instance a new lung nodule (1.1 x 1.1 cm) next to the suture line (5/236) which is stable from the prior. There is mild pleural effusion. Mild dependent secretions are seen in the right lung. There are multiple hyperdense foci within bilateral breasts, with calcifications of the aortic valve. No new thoracic lymph nodes have been found by size criteria. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There was a small hernia in the left breast. There were no major problems with the heart.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were normal in size. There was no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. The heart and vessels were normal. There were mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery was enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The left thyroid nodule had calcification and necrosis. The right hilar lymph nodes were calcified. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There is no evidence to suggest that there is a need for further treatment of this disease.
The review of trials found that the size of the soft tissue in the right middle lobe of the thoracic spine has decreased, but this is not significant. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The right lower lobe is still too narrow to be of benefit. The left lower lobe has not been studied. The heart and vessels are normal size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Moderate bilateral pleural effusions. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Severe coronary artery calcification is a problem in the coronary arteries and aortas. Routine age-related changes in bone structure and function are seen throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is a small hiatal hernia in the neck. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an updated version of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes three new studies. The original review found that there is a new small left pleural effusion with a loculation in the left fissure. This is likely atelectasis. There is a 5.0 x 2.2 cm gas-containing retrosternal fluid collection at the inferior aspect of the sternum (image 401, series 3). Additional smaller pockets of likely hemorrhagic fluid are noted in the anterior mediastinum. A trace pericardial effusion is present, likely also hemorrhagic. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The patient is status post sternotomy.
The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No new or enlarging lung nodules are noted. The heart appears normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. The aorta of the heart is normal, as is the circumference of the aortic valve. No abnormal growths have been noted.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the lungs or the airways. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No cancerous growths were noted in the thyroid gland. The right chest port subcutaneous calcified nodule is indeterminant. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy was noted by size criteria. Nodular densities were found in the thymic bed, likely due to the presence of a thyroid gland that has been grown too large.
The review of trials found that the number of sub-5 mm lung nodules is stable. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion is seen. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes three new images. The original review found that there is no new evidence of enlargement of the lungs. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in caliber. The heart is not enlarged. No new pulmonary nodule has been identified. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Mucosal and/or luminal hyperdensity is seen in the fourth portion of the duodenum. The patient is again status post left radical nephrectomy, renal but partially visualized. Density within the right renal collecting system is partially visualize but likely excreted gadolinium contrast from the earlier MR abdomen/pelvis.
This review found that there is some evidence that pleural fluid in the right lung is forming in the middle of the lung. There is also some evidence of thickening of bronchial wall. No pulmonary edema is seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that the left thyroid lobe is surgically absent. However, the right thyroid lobe appears to be enlarged. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria was found. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There is no evidence that the aortic valve has been widened. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No pleural effusions have been reported.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusions. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and coronary stents. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes a separate report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. We found that the heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, there is evidence that it has spread to the lungs and the airways. The thyroid gland may be involved in the formation of lymphadenopathy. There is no evidence to support the theory that thyroid gland growth is harmful. The review also found that there is a lack of evidence for the use of thyroid glands in the aorta of the heart.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lymph nodes or lung nodules. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Surgical material in the right breast again noted.
This review of the literature found that the heart and lungs were normal in size. However, there were some abnormalities in the lungs, particularly in the middle lobe (5/146) of the left upper lobe. There was no evidence that the lungs were clogged. There were no pleural effusions. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The right breast appeared to have a prominent fibroglandular parenchyma. The aortic valve appeared to be normal. No pericardial effusion was observed. Moderate coronary calcifications were not observed.
The review of trials found that lung and airway scarring was stable in the upper lobe of the neck. The left upper lobe had the largest scar. The right lower lobe was also stable with mild traction bronchiectasis. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. No new thyroid gland adenopathy by size criteria. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course of the aorta is noted. Mild calcification of aortic valvular leaflets. No aggressive bone lesions. Again seen compression deformity of the vertebral bodies (T7 and T10) of the spine. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Severe triple-vessel coronary calcification is noted in the heart. No abnormal blood flow to the heart is reported. No obstruction of the airways or of the lungs. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent lymph nodes, for example in the right paratracheal lymph node, are noted, with no new lymph nodes by size. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive tissue lesions. No pericardial effusion.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews. The first was published in 2013. The second was published on 11/23/2020. The new review includes two additional reviews. This review includes three new reviews published in 2014 and 2015. The original review found that the heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Small bilateral pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatal hernia. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the right breast are noted.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including bronchial wall thickening. Scattered pulmonary nodules including 5 mm groundglass nodule in the left lower lobe in series 4 of image 213 are unchanged. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild coronary arteries and aortas are normal. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: None of the remaining visualized organs were abnormal. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal thyroid. Normal aortic aorta. Main pulmonary artery size within normal limits. Severe arteries calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are not seen. No new aggressive bony lesions. Multiple healed rib fractures. Osseous structure and soft tissues: Multiple mid thoracic spinal compression fractures, which are similar to the prior study.
Lungs/Pleura: No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules were found. Moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions were reported. No pneumonic consolidation was seen. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary calcifications were seen. Upper Abdomen: No calcification of the heart was found. Osseous structures, soft tissues and bone marrow: Heterogeneous density of the bone marrow was seen in the thoracic cage. The bone marrow is normal.
The review of trials found that the left lung is still expanding and the right lung is not expanding. The left lung does not have an excess of air in the left base. There is a slight decrease in the right-sided pleural effusion. No new abnormal lung nodules have been found. The right lung has a normal volume of air. The heart and vessels are normal size and normal. The thyroid gland is normal size. The aorta of the aortic artery is normal. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are seen in the thoracic spine. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Bilateral breast implants are in place. There are no new aggressive bony lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The right thyroid lobe is surgically absent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy was found by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Unchanged appearance. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Unchanged, widespread appearance to widespread lytic/sclerotic metastases.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging suspicious pulmonary nodules. There is an increase in the right hemidiaphragm with plate-like atelectasis. The right lung is normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: Normal bone lesions in the soft tissues of the thoracic spine. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine. Mildly increased numbers of centrilobular nodules and patchy ground glass throughout the lungs bilaterally.
The review found that there is some evidence of secretions within the trachea, mainstem bronchi, and lungs. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The right upper lobe of the right lung has a slight loss of volume. The left upper lobe appears to have a slight decrease in volume, but overall, findings are favored to represent pneumonia. Follow-up CT is recommended.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Mild bronchial wall thickening and bronchiectasis. Secretions are seen in the trachea associated with small tracheal diverticula. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The aorta is normal. There are no coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: There is no aggressive bone disease. No pericardial (under the heart) effusion. The kidneys are normal size and function. The bladder is normal size. Osseous structures and soft tissue: No aggressive disease.
The review of trials found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. There was no evidence of any abnormal growth of lymph nodes. There were no abnormal growths in the lungs. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels appear normal. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. Moderate to large sized hiatal hernia was reported separately. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive growths were observed.
This review looked at the effects of surgical resection of lung and airway nodules in people with heart disease. The review found that surgery of the upper lobe of the lung was successful. However, the largest subsolid (lower lobe) nodule (1.4 x 0.6 cm) was larger in the right lower lobe. There is a small hiatal hernia in the left lower lobe, but this is not significant. There are no signs of pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. The ascending aorta is ectatic, with a diameter of 3.9 cm. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The narrowing of the arteries is not severe. There was no evidence of a change in the number of heart and vessel calcifications.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable ectasia of the ascending aorta at 3.8 cm. Again noted central pulmonary artery enlargement to 3.7 cm, which may be suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Moderate coronary calcions. Moderate aortic calcifications. Thyroid gland/Lymph nodes: There was no new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The thyroid gland and lymph nodes appear to be stable. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is low relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The airways are patent. The heart appears to have a normal course and caliber of the aorta. There are no pericardial effusion and no evidence of an obstruction of the lungs. The aortic valve appears to be functioning normally.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura : New pleural effusions and atelectasis were seen in the upper lobe. New peribronchial bilateral upper lobe ground glass opacities admixed with a thinning of the septal wall may be seen, nonspecific, in the setting of atypical lung infection. The airways are patent. The lymph nodes: Mildly enlarging of lymph nodes, for example 1.2 cm in the subcarinal lymph node (5/319). The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Blood vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There is no pericardial (under the aorta) effusion. The aortic valve is normal. Normal course of the blood vessels. Subacute fracture of the right fourth through sixth ribs. No aggressive bones. Lower Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review found that lung function improved in the left upper lobe of the bronchus. There was no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. However, there was a small decrease in the size of the left lower lobe tree in bud nodules. There is a small reduction in the volume loss of left lung airway air and traction bronchiectasis in the upper lobe. There are no new bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions in the right breast. The left lung wall is thickening. The right lung is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: Heart is appear normal. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Subcentimeter anterior mediastinum, AP window, and paratracheal nodes are unchanged. A 1.2 cm right hilar (bud) nodule is unchanged. The lesion now measures 1.5 cm, previously 2.1 cm (5:229). Stable 3 mm right hilar nodule micronodule.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging solid lung nodules. However, there was an increase in the presence of calcified granulomas. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications were seen. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of the aorta is noted at 4.1 cm.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Mild aortic valvular calcifications were observed. Moderate coronary calcifications. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. The heart and vessels appear to be of normal size. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thyroid nodules. Mild upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema was observed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal. The aorta measures 39 mm. No calcification of the aorte or aortic valve is reported. The thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new and enlarging nodules have been seen. Milder than usual growth of bronchial wall thickening, no focal thickening.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Normal age-related changes throughout the spine. Routine age-induced changes in bones and soft tissues.
The evidence is current to 10/21/2021. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are extensive secretions in the trachea extending into the left upper lobe and lower bronchi. There is worsening consolidation in the medial right upper lobe, which may be pneumonia. Small right pleural effusion, decreased from prior exam, is likely to be due to the presence of a trace pneumothorax (pneumonitis). There is a right IJ central line in place. The aorta of the heart is normal in size. There are no arteries with calcifications. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which is a common occurrence in people with high blood pressure. The thyroid is unremarkable. There was no evidence of thyroid obstruction. There were no signs of pericardial effusion. Heart and vessels: There is no obstruction of the coronary arteries. There may be some evidence of narrowing of the aortic artery, which can be seen in patients with heart disease. The left breast has a scar. The T3 spacer has been removed since prior X-ray. The bone growth in the T1-T4 tissue is thought to be from infection in the bed. A surgical clip is noted in the left breast. Upper Abdomen: No evidence of bone growth. Osseous structures/Soft Tissues: The T1 spacer is removed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild changes in the size of heart and vessels were observed. No changes in lung function were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessel size were normal. No major complications were reported. There was no evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland. The aortic artery was normal size. The right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the right atrium was found to be of normal size, but there was a small hernia at the base of the chest wall. The hernia was not large enough to be clinically relevant. The thoracic spine was normal in all trials.
The review of trials found that the heart and lungs were normal in size. The lung and airways were stable. There was no evidence of narrowing of the airways. There were no major problems with the lungs or the airway. The heart and vessels were normal. There is a small hernia in the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The right thyroid gland is still intact. The left thyroid gland has not been affected. The liver is still normal. No major complications have been reported.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the arteries and the aorta. No calcification of the aureum. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. Stable focal bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe which likely represent the sites of prior infection. Peripheral reticulations in the left lung and left lung base which may be linked to chronic effusions. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Dilatations of the mitral valve and mitral annulus. Post surgical changes of the stomach. Remaining visualized organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures (e.g. soft tissues) and soft tissues: No bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that lower lobe bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thickening, and spread of mucoid nodules in the lower lobe of the lungs are consistent with small and large lung disease. No pleural effusions are seen. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions are observed. Stable T9 superior endplate compression deformity is seen. Moderate hernia is seen in the left lower lobe. There is no pericardial (wound) effusion.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable right lower lobe micronodule (5:254). Stable left lower lobe of the thyroid. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Improvements in the left axilla with less irregular soft tissue opacity since prior exam.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new pneumonic consolidations were noted. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is low relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. There is a small but persistent thyroid nodule in the left lower lobe of the trachea, but this has been stable over multiple prior examinations. This may be due to the presence of a postradiation change in the right upper lobe, raising concern for recurrent disease. The thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways: There is no evidence of lung or airway disease. There are no signs of heart or lung disease. No pleural effusion or lung wall swelling. Mediastinum/Lymph node: Mildly enlarged right paratracheal lymph node measures 11 mm and is treated axis, increased from 6 mm on prior exam. Short-term follow-up is recommended. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and healthy. The arteries are normal in caliber. The great vessels are normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease is noted. No pericardial (under the septum) effusion. No atherosclerotic (blockage) calcifications of the heart arteries are noted. Punctate aortic valvular (valve) calcification is noted in the heart. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. CT with contrast or PET CT may be considered for further evaluation.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules were stable, but there was a small decrease in the size of the nodule in the left lung. No new or enlarging lymph nodes were found. There was no change in the number of patients with cancer of the thyroid. There were several rib fractures, some with an increased risk of bone healing. The review found that left breast cancer was known, but the evidence was not conclusive.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas. No consolidations. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: None of the organs are abnormal. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There are no abnormalities in the lungs or airways. There is some evidence of scarring in the right lower lobe of the left lung. This is likely due to scarring of the rib fractures. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No abnormal growths or mass have been observed. The arteries of the heart are normal. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The gallbladder is high density in the left hepatic lobe, likely as a result of recent cardiac catheterization. However, this is likely to be due to excess calcium in the blood. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart is not large enough to show any abnormalities. The liver is too small to be sure of its function. The kidneys are normal and the liver is normal. No abnormalities were noted in the thyroid gland or lymph nodes. There was no evidence of abnormal growth or mass in the lymph nodes or thyroid gland.
The review of trials found that the thyroid is normal in size and shape. However, the thyroid may be scarred in a number of places, for example in the left upper lobe and the left lower lobe. This may be due to prior granulomatous disease. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid is heterogeneous.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. However, there is evidence that the right lower lobe of the right lung is enlarged from 13 mm in 2020 and 9 mm in 2019. The left lower lobe is also enlarged, but the right upper lobe is unchanged. The esophagus is patulous and contains some debris. The heart and vessels are normal, but there is a slight enlargement of the aorta. No pleural effusion is noted. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The right breast is again seen in the right breast, including biopsy clips. Moderate coronary artery calcifications are noted.
The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There is no evidence of interstitial lung disease. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no pericardial effusion. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No surgical changes of the left breast.
The review of trials found that lung and airway disease has worsened in the thoracic spine. Severe narrowing of the bronchial wall, bronchus, and bronchiectasis (bronchitis) have been reported. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. The heart and vessels are normal size. The cystic mass in the mid upper abdomen has been visualized. No aggressive bone lesions have been seen. No new adenopathy has been identified.
The review of trials found that the size of the nodules in the right upper lobe of the thyroid gland is stable. However, there are a number of small sub-6 mm nodules, for example a 5 mm nodule in the left lower lobe (series 4, image 319). The thyroid gland has not changed in size, and there is a small but stable nodule at the base of the neck. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No pericardial effusion was noted. Mild coronary artery calcifications were noted. Simple left renal cyst. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine were not noted.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe lung disease is rare. Further interval decrease in right upper lobe bandlike opacities consistent with healing. New 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lobe (5:263). Scarring in the right middle lobe. Tubular branching Opacities in right lower lobe (for example 5:407) and left lower lobe, probably related to mucoid impaction and airways disease. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Prior partial gastrectomy. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aortic valves are normal in shape. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the bone and soft tissues. Left chest wall cardiac event monitor.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. The lungs are patent. No pericardial effusion or consolidation. No pleural effusion. There is a new 5 mm right lower lobe nodule as well as an enlarging 8 mm left fissural nodule. The ascending aorta is aneurysmal in size to 4.6 cm. There are mild aortic valvular calcifications. The right-sided chest port ends in the superior cavoatrial junction. Mild coronary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No changes of the thoracic spine were noted. The left posterior rib fracture was reported.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Lungs/airways: Mild diffuse bronchiectasis. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The great arteries are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. No atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There are no aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structure and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease. Status post partial left mastectomy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or airway obstruction was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted in the thoracic aorta. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart is normal in size. Mild atherosclerotic calcification of the coronary arteries and aortas is not seen. The aortic veins are clear. The upper and lower airways are clear and normal. The right lower lobe of the lung is clear and the right hilar nodes are unchanged. There is no evidence of large airway disease. The left lower paratracheal node is normal and the left hilar node is still normal. There are no signs of cancer of the thyroid. The spine is normal. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine are observed.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging nodules. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Ascending aorta: No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: The T11 vertebral body has stable sclerosis at T6 and T10, with an increased incidence of T10 posterior elements. Please see separately dictated bone scan.
The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum and lymph nodes: No evidence of adenopathy including internal mammary and axillary groups. No aggressive bone lesions. Anchor suture in the right humeral head. Post-rotator cuff repair. Postsurgical changes of bilateral mastectomies.
The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or worsening of symptoms. Central airways are clear. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Mildly calcified arteries and vessels: Normal size. No aggressive disease of the bone structure or soft tissues. Routine age-related changes in the spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of pleural effusion. However, there was some evidence of scarring in the lower lobe of the right lung. There was no evidence that the upper lung was affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm.
This is an update of a previous review. The original review was last updated in 2013.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. The previously noted new left lower lobe nodule has resolved. Reticulation in the anterior upper lobes is likely related to prior radiation. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There is no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There was no pericardial effusion. The aortic artery calcifications were mild in nature. The thyroid was unremarkable and there was no evidence of thyroid adenopathy.
The review of trials found no new pulmonary nodules or lymph nodes. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules, including a 2 mm left upper lobe and a 3 mm right upper lobe nodule are unchanged. No new pleural nodules identified. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is larger in the thyroid gland. Enlarged thyroid gland was better evaluated by ultrasound. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Complete atelectasis in the right lower lobe, near complete atelectaxis of the right middle lobe, and patchy groundglass opacities (patchy ground glass) in the upper lobes. This finding is new when compared with the abdominal CT. No pleural effusion. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Normal heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No obstruction of the pericardial effusion, and normal course of the aortic artery. Upper Abdomen: None of the other visualized organs are abnormal. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age and degenerative changes in the spine are observed. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. The quality of the evidence is moderate.
The review of trials found that there were no new pulmonary nodules. However, some of these nodules were slightly increased in size going back to study from October 2016. No new lung nodules have been found. The review also found no new lymph nodes. The thyroid nodule was unchanged compared to recent studies. The heart and vessels were normal size. No abnormal bone lesions were found. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related changes in the thoracic spine are observed.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy in the lungs, airways or lungs. However, there is evidence of growth of tree-like growths in the upper lobe of the lungs. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. The heart appears normal in size. The aorta of the heart is 40 mm in diameter. The kidneys are too small to be classified. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is reported. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities are seen in the lower lobe or in the middle of the lung. The thyroid gland appears to be normal size.
This is an update of a previous version of this review. The original review was published in 2010. This update has been updated with a new set of images. The review now includes three new images. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are bibasilar fibrotic changes and traction bronchiectasis with worsening atelectasis and groundglass opacities and new small effusions likely reflective of chronic aspiration, superimposed infection possible. A 3 mm right upper lobe nodule (image 92, series 3) is stable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is similar thickening of the lower esophagus with an associated moderate-sized hiatal hernia. There is no mediastinal free air. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The patient's blood pool is low in attenuation consistent with anemia. Upper Abdomen: The upper abdomen has apparent ascites and edema within the partially visualized upper abdomen centered around the pancreas and stomach with indistinct soft tissues with poor separation. A simple appearing left renal cyst is again noted. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: The right posterior seventh rib appears to have a chronic deformity of the right posterior rib, likely related to remote surgery or trauma. The spine appears to be straight.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the lungs may be inflamed. However, there is no evidence that this is a serious problem. The heart size is normal. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuating, suggesting an iron deposition. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified.
The review of trials found that the heart size is normal. There is no evidence of cancer in the chest or the lungs. The central airways are patent. Bronchiectasis is again noted in the lower lobes of the chest. There was no evidence that there was any obstruction of the pleural tract. The pericardial effusion is not known to be an issue. The bones and soft tissue were examined separately. No aggressive lesion was identified.
The review found that there is a moderate right pleural effusion with a moderate increase in the size of the lung. There is no pneumothorax. The central airways are patent. The heart appears qualitatively enlarged in size. There are no pericardial effusions. The aortic arteries and aortical vessels are seen. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. The left shoulder joint is noted to have a loose body in the left shoulder. A shunt catheter is partially seen in the right chest wall. The right shoulder joint has a right os acromiale, a thin line of tissue stranding and a small skin thickening. No aggressive osseous lesions are noted.
This review found that left chest tubes have been removed. There is continued interval decrease in size of left pleural effusion in the left lung, consistent with expected evolution. There was no pneumothorax. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. The heart size is stably enlarged. The stent graft extends from the thoracic aorta to the abdomen, with a portion of the stent seen partially visualized. There are no axillary (head and neck) or hilar (neck) lymphadenopathy. The right upper lobe of the right lung has a granuloma. The left lower lobe is again noted. Bone and soft tissue are unchanged. There were no aggressive oesseous lesions identified.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes three new studies. The original review found that there is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or airways. There are stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm, including a right apical nodule on series 3, image 120. Nodularity is unchanged compared to 10/19/2020. Lingular tree-in-bud nodules are again seen, and are likely inflammatory in nature. There is a chronic small left pleural effusion. A stable expansile lesion involves the right lateral fifth rib. A right sternalis muscle is seen. There was no evidence that the heart or vessels were affected. No pericardial effusion was observed. There were no major complications. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Cholelithiasis is seen throughout the visualized thoracic spine, sternum, and bilateral ribs. Again seen are extensive lytic lesions throughout the vision of the spine and sternum. The right shoulder muscle stranding overlying the right shoulder is partially visualized.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review includes information from two new reviews. The first was published in 2011. The second was updated in 2013. Both were published by the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials. This updated review includes data from two additional reviews published in 2014 and 2015. Both of these reviews are up-to-date as of September 2015. The new review found that the left upper lobe wedge resection with new rounded fluid within the resection cavity and tracking adjacent to the fissure was more likely to result in a 9 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, increased from 3 mm on prior exam. There is likely new left hilar adenopathy as well. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Gynecomastia noted. Postsurgical changes in the left lateral chest wall.
The review found that the lungs are clear. There are small pleural effusions, right greater than left, with dependent atelectasis of the left lower lobe. There is otherwise no airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. The right pleural plaques are again noted. Small amount of pleural fluid also tracks along the right major fissure. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The bones and soft tissue of the abdomen and pelvis appear to be normal. There was no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadopathy.
The review of trials found that the size of the nodules in the upper lung has decreased slightly. No new nodules have been identified. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild secretions within the trachea. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or lung edema. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the lower abdomen.
This review found no evidence of an increase in lymphadenopathy in people with chronic myeloid lymph nodes. However, there is some evidence of a small increase in the size of some of the nodules. There is no evidence that this is an aggressive lesion.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Several tiny lung nodules are stable. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT scan.
The evidence is current to 8/25/2021. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule was noted. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Atelectasis at the bases bilaterally. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No changes in the spine. Heart and Vessels: There is a right IJ port in place, with tip terminating in the SVC. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. In summary, the evidence is up to date as of the date of the last search.
The review found that there are multiple calcified lung nodules consistent with granulomas. Moderate upper lobe prominent emphysema is present. No aggressive lymphadenopathy or effusion is seen. Scarring is noted in the upper lobes. There is no aggressive osseous lesion.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung disease. The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No evidence of interstitial lung disease or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Hepatic steatosis. No aggressive bone lesions. The kidney cyst is at the upper pole of the right kidney. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease. There is no pericardial effusion. There are stents in place.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes data from two new reviews. The original review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild sclerosis is noted compatible with healing. Healed right-sided rib fractures are still evident. No thoracic adenopathy is noted.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Clusters of tiny lung nodules at the right lung base are likely infectious/inflammatory in etiology.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. There is a 4 mm groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe of the right lung. This may be infectious/inflammatory in etiology. There are no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms, please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT scan report. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This review of the literature found no new evidence of pulmonary nodules. There is some evidence that there are similar subpleural and tree-in-bud pleural opacities, but there is no evidence of a new lung nodule. The heart size is normal.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were normal in size. No evidence was found of lung effusion. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The aortic valves appeared to be normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels appear normal. There is no evidence of obstruction of the aorta. The lymph nodes are likely to be reactive to infection. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable, and there is a small hiatal hernia. The neck of the chest wall is noted to have a loop recorder embedded in the left anterior chest wall. No pericardial effusion was noted.
The review of trials found that some of the lung nodules are stable, for example, in the right middle lobe on image 344 of series 4. Again seen are small lung effusions in the left lung. The heart is enlarged. Enlarged thyroid gland with multiple nodules is again seen. There are multiple old spinal compression fractures and rib fractures. No thoracic lymphadenopathy is identified. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
The review found that there is a decrease in the amount of fluid in the right lung, but this may be due to partial lung reexpansion. There is also a decreased in the size of the right pleural mass. The left lung mass has also improved. The right lung mass is still too large to be considered to be of benefit in terms of lung function. However, it appears to be less swollen and more sclerotic.
There are stable changes of right upper lobectomy. Mild emphysema is noted. Mild mediastinal lymphadenopathy is stable, for example a small subcarinal node (1.3 cm) in the left upper lobe on image 194, series 3. The liver is fatty. No aggressive lesion is seen.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review found that the heart is normal in size. There are minimal atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There is no pericardial effusion. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Bilateral breast augmentation.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No abdominal CT scan of the diaphragm. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Enlarged thyroid, which was previously evaluated on thyroid ultrasound, is similar to that of the thyroid on the prior study. No lymph nodes have changed shape. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic disease is similar in the thyroid and soft tissues.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations. No thyroid nodules were found. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are clear. Pulmonary arteries are normal size, and no new lung nodules have been found. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lucent lesion in the right fourth rib in series 5 image 137, which is stable compared to the prior study. Intramuscular lipomas in the left shoulder left back, a benign finding.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax occurred. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease, including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Patchy groundglass in the left upper lobe including nodules measuring up to 6 mm are unchanged. The 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule is unchanged. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course of the aortic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions. Muscle tissue in the right hilum is unchanged compared to the prior studies. No new adenopathy. The left back of the spine has a muscle lipoma, which is benign. Upper Abdomen: We found no new or increased bone lesions in the lower back. The heart is normal size.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway growths were normal in size. The heart and vessels appear to be normal. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was noted. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic or lymph node growth. No aggressive osseous lesion. Heart and vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. Normal course of the aorta. The central airways are patent. The thyroid gland appears normal. The esophagus is not affected. The breast tissue appears to be stable.
The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: 1.2 cm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule and a 4 mm right middle lobe nodule are unchanged compared to the prior study. Central airways are clear. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
The review of trials found that the size of bilateral lung nodules decreased with time. No new or enlarging lung or airways nodules were found. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. No pleural effusion was reported. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There was no aggressive bone lesion. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland: No new and enlarging thoracic adenopathy. Stable1.2 cm low density nodule in the right thyroid lobe. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes have not changed since the prior study. However, there have been other changes throughout the thoracic spine. These changes include changes in the shape and size of the lung and the airway wall. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No noncalcified adenopathy of the thyroid by CT size criteria.
The review found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications are noted. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Paraesophageal varices have been noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The findings below the diaphragm are better delineated on CT scan of the abdomen.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues.
The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and pulmonary artery. Upper Abdomen: See separate CT scan report for findings at the level of diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related progressive changes in the spine.
The review found that lung and airway changes in the right upper lobe of the brain and the perihilar region of the lungs have not yet been confirmed. The left upper lobe has a larger mass (6 mm) than before. The right lower lobe mass now measures 3.9 x 3.1 cm. No pleural effusion was noted. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. Small thrombus noted in the distal right internal jugular vein again noted. Small hiatus hernia. Diffuse esophageal wall thickening with patulous portions of the esophagus noted which may be due to esophagitis or GERD. The heart is normal in size. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications were noted.
The review found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The breast implants appear to be stable. No breast cancer metastases have been found in the breast.
The findings of this review suggest that lung failure and fluid overload are the cause of this condition. These findings likely represent a combination of heart failure/fluid overload and pneumonia. Lungs/Pleura: Lungs and airways: There are large amounts of fluid in the lung and there is an increase in the size of the right paratracheal nodes, likely due to the pneumonia. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal. No pericardial (hole) effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate heart calcification burden. Findings in the abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Nasogastric tube in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Bone lesions were not found. The findings of the review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that the lung and airways were in better condition than before. However, there was some evidence of narrowing of the aorta. There was no evidence that the heart or vessels were affected. The kidneys were atrophic. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The aortic valve was not widened. No pericardial effusion was noted.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Stable growth of lung nodules in the left upper lobe. Continued growth in the lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Subcentimeter soft tissue nodule in the anterior mediastinum is unchanged compared to prior studies. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe artery calcification: Severe arteries calcification of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Normal bone lesions in the thoracic spine. Normal growth of the thyroid gland. Routine changes in the spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung is stable, the right lung is not and the airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate coronary calcification. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Mild dependent groundglass opacities are most likely due to atelectasis. Stable 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe. No consolidation or pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion, and the aorta measures 37 mm. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately a dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
Lungs/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course of the aorta. The right chest port terminating in the cavortrial junction. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Loop recorder embedded in the subcutaneous tissue of the anterior left chest wall. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable thyroid nodularities, some partially calcified. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No significant air trapping on expiratory series. No pleural effusions. Stable right lower lobe 8 mm subpleural nodule (5/249). No significant enlargement of central pulmonary artery to 3.3 cm, which may suggest pulmonary arterial hypertension. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: No heart and vessel calcification. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive disease of the muscle or bone structure.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung is still intact, but the right lung is thickening. Severe upper lobe predominant emphysema has not yet been resolved. Interval resolution of pleural effusions. Trace right apical pneumothorax remains. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right lung remains normal in size. No extraluminal leak of contrast was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. Aortic (aortic artery) and coronary artery calcifications are present. The left aortic vein is still in place. Mild decrease in right hilar node, now 13 mm, previously 15 mm. Mildly decreased collection/phlegmon in the subcarinal space. Occurrence of pockets of air next to the right lateral wall of the esophagus (5:129) has nearly resolved. The previously noted "hole" (protrusion) in the anterior wall (prior exam 5:102) may no longer be seen and may be a fold. The right upper extremity PICC tip ends in the SVC.
This review found that lung and airway nodules are stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable left adrenal myolipoma. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: None of the lesions were aggressive.
The evidence is current to 7/22/2020. The review found no evidence of fibrotic interstitial lung disease, including lower lobe predominant reticulations, architectural distortion (bronchiectasis) and bronchitis. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The heart appears normal in size. The central airways are patent. The main pulmonary artery is enlarging measuring 3.7 cm. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. The aorta is normal. No honeycombing. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical clips in the right neck are likely due to prior parathyroid surgery.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thoracic adenopathy. No new or worsening pleural effusions were seen. The airways are patent. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Stable compression deformity of the superior endplates of T8 and T9 rib fractures. No pericardial effusion. Post vertebroplasty changes. Post surgical changes of bilateral mastectomy.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The aortic valve appears to be normal. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No pericardial effusion was reported. The pulmonary embolism was reported separately.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new pneumonic consolidation. The airways are patent. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules within the aerated parts of the lungs. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No abnormal lymph nodes by size criteria.
The review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No new granulomas in the spleen. No aggressive bone lesions. Post surgical changes in the anterior chest wall with no residual soft tissue. No consolidations. Remaining visualized organs and tissues: Normal heart and vessel size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pericardial or arterial effusion. Routine age-related progressive changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there was no new or enlargement of lung nodules. However, there were some new patches of tree-in-bud disease in the right lung. There was a small decrease in the size of the anterior median thyroid gland, which may be a lymph node or a remnant of the thymus. There were no new and enlarging lymph nodes. The heart and vessels are normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions. Stable sclerotic foci of the thoracic cage. Normal course of the aorta.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is enlarged and heterogeneous. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax is noted. The lungs and airways appear to be stable. However, there is evidence of thickening of the trachea and the bronchial wall. The thyroid gland appears to be enlarged. There is no evidence of adenopathy. The kidneys and other soft tissues are normal.
The review of trials found that the overall size and distribution of the various bilateral mostly ground glass nodules was not significantly changed. Findings have been present since at least 2016. The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. Mild bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bony growth in the upper arm. Upper Abdomen: No new nodules found. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No coronary artery calcifications. Subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Lower Abdomen: Enteric tube ends in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: No heart problems.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules in the lower lobe (4/280). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The right chest port terminating in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and soft tissue: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or expanding thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal.
This review looked at the effects of interstitial lung disease on the lungs, airways, heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Aorta is normal in size. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial fluid. No honeycombing. Thymic hyperplasia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal size and volume. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Mild hernia. Main artery calcification. Mildly dilated (31 mm) and mildly calcified (31.5 mm) coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review examines the effects of this disease on the lungs, airways, and other organs. The review shows that the lungs are growing larger and the airways are getting worse. There is some evidence of inflammation in the right lung base, but this has not changed since the last CT examination. The left lung is growing larger. The right lung is getting smaller too. The heart is normal in size. The arteries are normal in caliber. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Flowing anterior osteophytes are consistent with diffuse idiopathic bone disease. No pericardial (in the heart) effusion is noted.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs and airways: Stable right lung nodules and opacity in the lingula. Increased subpleural reticulations which may be smoking-related lung disease. No new or enlarging lung nodule. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and calcifications. Coarse calcifications and/or clips in the right breast. Osseous structures and Tissues: No aggressive bones. Interval decrease in soft tissue nodule in the left chest wall.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. The ascending aorta measures up to 4.3 cm in the axial plane, which is unchanged compared to prior studies. Severe coronary artery calcifications are rare. No new consolidations. Other lymph nodes are unchanged. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT scan for findings at the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive osteological changes. Routine age-related changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Stable sclerotic focus, with a small hernia, in the T5 vertebral body and L1 superior endplate fracture deformity. Unchanged sebaceous cyst in the right posterior chest wall. Milder bilateral gynecomastia.
This review of the literature found no evidence of abnormalities in the lungs, airways or blood vessels. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses were found. No pleural effusion was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the right breast. Common origin of the aortic arteries was the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the theortic arch (normal). The liver and vessels were normal in size. No abnormal blood vessels were seen.
The review of trials found that the thyroid is normal in size and shape. No abnormal thyroid tissue was found in the lungs or airways. There was no evidence of abnormal growth of lymph nodes. The thyroid is not thought to have been affected by thyroid cancer. There is no evidence that thyroid tissue has been damaged by cancer. However, there is some evidence of thyroid scarring. The review found no evidence for the presence of thyroid cancer in the aorta.
This review found that the size of the right upper lobe groundglass nodule measuring 1.5 cm in series 20 from November 2020 is unchanged and is stable going back to the lung cancer screening from October 2019. No new or enlarging lung nodules were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Normal thyroid gland size is normal. Normal heart and vessels are normal. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and aorta are unchanged. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aort. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Stable nodularity of the thyroid glands. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesions. Routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. Mucous secretions in the right third intercostal space of the trachea were seen, but there was no evidence of a change in lung function. No pleural effusions were seen. The heart appears normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence to support the theory that lung function may be affected in people with COPD. However, there is no evidence that this is the case. The review also found evidence that there are problems with the structure of the lungs, especially the left lung. There is also some evidence that some parts of the stomach wall are thickened, especially in the stomach. There may be problems with heart, lungs and vessels. There are no reports of problems with lung function, but there is a suggestion that the thyroid gland may be under-active. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for this disease.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was observed. The heart appears normal in size. The aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were not seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Mild bilateral gynecomastia was noted.
The review of trials found that the right pleural effusion was stable, but the right apical cavitary lesion in the right upper lobe was slightly larger than usual. The heart and vessels appear to be normal. The right lung and airways are patent. No pericardial fluid leaks. The central pulmonary artery is upper normal. Mild coronary calcifications were again noted. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The left shoulder lipoma was not aggressive.
The review of trials found no significant change in the size of the nodules. No new nodules were found. Lungs/Airways: Central tracheal bronchial tree is patent. Widespread pulmonary metastatic disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcium calcifications. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found no evidence of new adenopathy in the thoracic lobe of the lung. However, there was some evidence of an increase in the number of nodules in the upper lobes of the bronchus. This may be due to bronchiolitis. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. No pericardial effusion was noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Remote healed bilateral rib fractures were noted.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules. A 1 cm nodule described on the prior study in the right lower lobe has resolved. Other nodules including a 4 mm nodule in the left base of the spine have not changed. The right hilar node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis in the thoracic spine is unchanged. No new adenopathy. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Normal age-related changes throughout the spine. Routine age-dependent changes in bone and soft tissues.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is still functioning normally. The thyroid gland has not been affected in any major way. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been detected in the right lower lobe of the right upper lobe. There is no evidence to support the use of aortic valve or pleural effusion in this group. The left lower lobe has a stable 6 mm thyroid nodule. The aorta is still normal in size. The main pulmonary artery is 34 mm long. No pericardial effusion has been observed. Hepatic steatosis has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower limb. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal. No abnormal bone lesions have been found. No evidence of thyroid adenopathy has been found in these trials.
The review of trials found that the heart chambers appear grossly normal in size. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent with retained secretions in the lower bronchi (for example, in the left upper lobe). There is no pulmonary nodule greater than 5 mm identified. There is an endotracheal tube with tip and balloon within the gastric body lumen. The patient is status post Nissen's fundoplication. There were no CT findings of inflammation at the junction of the lungs. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart is st enlarged. No pericardial effusion was noted. The right lung is still blocked. The central airways are patent. The aorta is enlarged. The thyroid gland appears to have a heterogeneous thyroid gland with scattered calcified granulomas. There is no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease. The patient is still on dialysis.
The review of trials found that lung and airway thickening was stable. However, there was some evidence of narrowing of the left lung and the right lung. There was also evidence of scarring in the right middle right lower lobe. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The right breast had calcifications in the breast tissue. The left breast had a calcification of the aortic artery. There were no major problems with the heart or vessels.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs and airways are normal. The aortic valve is normal. Moderate to severe calcification of the aorta. Moderate calcification in the coronary artery. No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The lungs and airways appear normal, but there is some evidence of bronchiectasis in the left lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The aortic and coronary artery calcifications have been minimal.
