This review of trials found that lung metastatic disease improved significantly in patients with metastatic pleural disease. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema was observed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with COPD who had a normal heart or lung function. They found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was no evidence of any new or worsening of the symptoms of COPD in the neck or lungs. There were some mild symptoms of bronchiectasis (diffuse mild bronchial symptoms), mucus impaction (worsening of mucus), and thickening of the bronchium wall (worthing of the airways) consistent with large airways disease. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Severe aortic valvular calcifications. There may be some severe mitral annular calcification of the left vertebral artery. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There seems to be no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. No aggressive bone lesions.
This review found that the lungs are clear. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion has been reported. The heart is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified.
This review assesses the effects of cholecystectomy on the size of the thyroid gland, the lungs, the airways, the heart and the vessels of the aorta. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been seen since the operation. The thyroid gland appears to be stable in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been reported. The heart appears normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The liver appears to have a normal course and caliber of the arteries and vessels. The lymph nodes appear to be normal. No abnormal growths of lymph nodes have been identified. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of an inflammatory process such as organizing pneumonia or non-pneumonia induced pneumonia. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There were no suspicious nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There was no evidence that the thyroid was affected by thyroid cancer. The thyroid is normal size and volume. The major arteries of the heart are normal size, and there is no pericardial effusion. The two major arteries are the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. The left common artery is from the left brain. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
This review of trials found that the appearance of lung and airways disease is not typical for metastasis. There is some evidence that the right lung is getting worse and the left lung is also getting worse. The appearance of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great arteries are normal and the great veins are normal. There was no evidence of aggressive bone lesions. There were no new lymphadenopathies in the thoracic cavity. The overall appearance of this review was not typical of metastasis and further evaluation is recommended.
This review of trials found that the lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been identified. The heart is normal in size. The aortic valve is normal. Mild coronary artery calcifications have not been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the heart or vessels. No evidence of pleural effusion has been found, and the heart is still normal.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. However, there were a few granulomas in the right lower lobe of the lungs. The review authors found that the right lung was still clogged and the right upper lobe was still filled with fluid. The left lung was also clogged, but this was likely due to the presence of a foreign body in the left lower lobe. The right upper lung was not clogged or filled. No pleural effusions were noted. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta are noted. No pericardial effusion was noted. Stable sclerosis of the sternum is likely related to prior trauma. Remote right fourth anterolateral rib fracture again noted.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be affected, but there is no evidence that it is affected in a major way. There is a suggestion that the left breast may have a calcified mass in the lower outer quadrant of left breast, but this could be glandular tissue. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. There was no evidence of adenopathy.
This review of trials found that the left lung of the patient with chronic bronchiectasis (bronchus) is in a state of complete collapse, with secretions in the proximal right middle lobe bronchus, new from prior exam. The left lung is also in a condition of chronic bronchiolitis, with the left lower lobe being destroyed more than the right lung. The right lung is still destroyed, but the right side of the rib cage has been repaired. There is no evidence that the heart or vessels are affected. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal in caliber. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. No pneumothorax is noted. The thyroid gland is normal. No evidence of adenopathy is noted in the left thyroid gland. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion. The heart is normal and the vessels are normal in size. The upper abdominal wall is unbroken. The lower abdominal wall has no aggressive bone damage.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of lung function. However, there was a small amount of subcutaneous emphysema along the right lateral chest wall. No pericardial effusion was observed. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax was observed in the thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
This review found that lung and airway mass sizes were stable, but there were some abnormalities in the lungs and airways. There was a small increase in the number of pleural effusions, but no pericardial effusion. There is a small hernia in the right lung. There are multiple chest wall subcutaneous masses, some demonstrating interval growth, for instance an anterior scapular soft tissue mass measuring 3.1 x 2.4 cm, previously 2.2 cm. The blood pool is low, suggestive of anemia. The heart appears normal in size. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring up to 3.8 cm in short axis. The right lower paratracheal node measures 1.1 cm, unchanged. The left upper lobe paravertebral mass measures 8.8 x 5.5 cm, and the right upper lobe metastatic nodule measures 8 cm. There were no changes in the size of lymph nodes. The number of myocardial infarction episodes was stable. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review examines the effects of the operation on the lungs, heart and vessels of the chest and the abdomen. The review includes data from the chest, heart, vessels and abdomen. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules have been observed. Stable small left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis are again demonstrated. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent but less than 1 cm noncalcified and calcified mediastinal lymph nodes. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Status post median sternotomy and CABG with stable small fluid in the anterior and lower aortic chambers. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Again noted mild calcification of leaflets in the left upper lobe of the heart. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No new bone lesions have been noted. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No more bone lesions were noted.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the left lung wall may be thickening and that the right lung wall is also thickening. There is also evidence that there may be some evidence of emphysema in the left lateral chest wall. However, there is no evidence that this is due to the presence of cancer. The review also found no evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland.
The review of trials found no evidence of any new or enlarging thyroid nodules or other abnormal thyroid growth. No new or worsening of thyroid disease was found. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Post radiation changes in the subpleural left upper lobe from prior radiation therapy were observed. Stable opacities along the right minor fissure, probably lymph nodes, were seen in the left lower lobe (4:132). No new thyroid nodule or enlargement was found in the right lower lobe of the left upper ear. No evidence of new thyroid growth was found, but the size of the hypodensities was too small to be sure of their presence.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mildly enlarged left axillary lymph node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis diameter, compared to 1.3 cm on the prior exam. No new adenopathy. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. The aortic arch is normal. The vertebral artery is straight and narrow, with a normal course and caliber of the aorta. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs. No evidence of obstruction of the airways or of the pleura is found. No serious adverse events have been reported.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are some small lung nodules in the right lower lobe of the trachea. There is a persistent nodularity of the non membranous tracheal wall, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the thoracic aorta. There is some evidence that there are some small lymph nodes in the left lower lobe of the neck, but these are stable. The patient is in hospital and is stable.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the right breast and axilla.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that there are still some small blood vessels and lung nodules in the lungs, but no evidence that they have disappeared. There is some evidence of scarring of the pleura (pulmonary ductus arteriosus) in the right lung and the left lung, but this is not consistent with chronic small airway disease including MAI. There are no signs of cancer of the lungs or the airways. There may be some evidence that the heart and vessels are still normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
The review of trials found that the size of the lung and airways have decreased and the number of pleural nodules has increased. However, the largest of these nodules measuring up to 1.5 cm in the right lower lobe is still large and stable. The number of patchy groundglass nodules in the upper lobe has increased, including new areas of involvement in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 214. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. No new noncalcified adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are not remarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No abnormal bone lesions in the lower abdomen. Routine changes in the thorax and soft tissues have been observed.
This review of trials found that lung function was affected by the spread of lymphangioma in the right upper lobe of the chest. There is a persistent obstruction of the right lung and the right pleural effusion is worse than before. There are new soft tissue deposits along the right middle lobe and lower lobe bronchovascular bundles and nodular interlobular septal thickening, consistent with the lymphangitic spread of the tumor. The previously noted layering of right lung effusion has now become thickened and multiloculated and may represent superimposed infection. The left lung is stable and there is no evidence of obstruction. The right hilum is obscured by mass/confluent adenopathy. There was no evidence that the left lung was affected. The heart is normal in size. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There were no aggressive bone lesions. Lipoma in shoulder musculature can be noted. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to very low.
This review assessed the effects of surgery to remove the excess fluid in the esophagus and other parts of the body. The review found that the right lung and airways were in satisfactory position. The right chest tube terminated at the base of the chest wall and two left chest tubes terminated at an apex. The transesophageal tube terminated in the stomach. The left lung was in a similar position. No oral contrast was seen in the mediastinum or adjacent pleural space or lung (although presumably contrast was given by tube). No thoracic adenopathy was noted. No pericardial effusion was noted in the aortic valve. No other complications were noted. The aorta was normal in size. The heart and vessels were normal.
This review of the literature found that there is some evidence that lung and airway disease may be progressing in people with thyroid cancer. There is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lower lobe (3/40). Additional, scattered sub-4 mm nodules are seen. The patient is status post thyroidectomy. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion is noted. The heart and vessels are stable. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy is noted by CT size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the visualized spine. Changes from prior lumpectomy noted in the left breast. No changes from prior mastectomy are noted.
The review of trials found that there are no major problems with the lungs or airways. There is some evidence that the left lower lobe paraspinal finding described on PET/CT has decreased in size and is similar to the left upper lobe peribronchial consolidations. The right lower lobe pulmonary nodule seen on the study from April 2021 is no longer present. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.5 cm in the axial plane. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta are seen in the aortic valve. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Central airways are clear. No thoracic adenopathy. Enlarged thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Focal aneurysmal dilation of the descending aortus measuring up to three-quarters of a centimeter in the lower plane of the heart is seen in one study from 2021. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The aortic valve appears to be intact. The right upper lobe of the left lower lobe has a small hernia. The left lower limb has curvilinear atelectasis, similar to prior. The abdomen is better delineated on recent MRI of the abdomen. The hernia is stable. The thoracic adenopathy is not aggressive. The shoulder is still in place. The neck is still intact.
This review of trials found no evidence that the aortic or pleural nodes were affected. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe of the right tracheobronchial tree. The dominant node on the right is slightly increased in size, measuring 1.8 cm. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of patients with pleural effusions or consolidations. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found no evidence that any of the organs were affected by the disease. However, there were some signs of narrowing of the airways and some evidence that some parts of the abdominal organs may have been affected. The review also found that there was no evidence to suggest that the aortic aorta was affected. There were no new consolidations of the arteries or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The evidence for the other outcomes was not strong.
This review of trials found no evidence that the aortic valve was damaged. However, there was some evidence of a small hernia in the right thyroid gland. There was no change in the number of patients with an atelectasis in the lungs. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No changes in the amount of blood pumped out of the heart or vessels. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Common origin of the brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. Calcified aortics. Commonly occurring aorticular hernia. No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that lung and airway nodules are stable, but there is a small chance that some of them may have been there for a long time. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that the heart or lungs are affected. There are no signs of cancer of the lungs or the airways. The heart appears to be normal in size. The lung is not large enough to show any evidence of cancer. There may be some evidence that some parts of the lung are affected, but the evidence is not strong enough to be sure. There was no evidence of any cancer of either lung or the lungs. There were no reports of any aggressive bone lesions. The left adrenal gland remains the same as it was in 2014. The right lower lobe of the left lung has a calcified granuloma. Mild secretions are seen in the distal right mainstem bronchus. No evidence of lung disease is found. There appears to have been no evidence to suggest that there are any cancerous growths in the upper lung. The evidence is current to September 2015.
This review found no significant change in the size of the lung and airways, but there is some evidence of diffuse mosaicism of the airways. There is no significant difference in the number of patients with pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separately dictated report of CT abdomen from the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No significant change is seen in stable sclerotic osseous metastases involving axial and appendicular skeleton. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This review found that there is no evidence of cancer in the lungs. However, there is some evidence of a hernia in the left upper lobe of the neck, likely due to radiation. There is a large hernia on the right side of the spine, which may be due to the presence of lymphadenopathy (cancer of the lymph nodes) or pleural effusion (inflammation of the pleural cavity). Sclerotic metastasis in the T2 vertebral body is unchanged. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The size of the right upper lobe of the left lower lobe was stable and other scattered nodules measuring up to 6 mm in the superior segment of left lower limb were found. No new or worsening lung nodule was found. The left lower and right paratracheal lymph nodes were similar in size. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. No pleural effusions were observed. Mild mucus secretions were observed in the left side of the carina. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications are present similar to prior. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus and mild calcification in the aorts of the heart was observed. No calcification was observed in aortical leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cortical cysts were found to be present. No abnormal bone lesions. No evidence of aggressive bone disease was found in this area.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal lung function. No abnormal lung or airway function was found. No evidence of lung disease was found in the upper or lower abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Thyroid gland is normal. No abnormalities were found in either the thyroid gland or lymph nodes. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The aorta was 40 mm long and the aortic valve calcifications were reported separately.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid gland appears to be normal size. The aorta of the heart is 36 mm long and the aortic artery calcifications are not seen. Cholelithiasis is a common complication of pancreatic cancer.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid lobe mass measuring approximately 3 cm is stable in size. No new thoracic adenopathy has been reported. No pericardial effusion has been observed. There are mild coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in this review.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that some of the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is some evidence that the lungs/airways/pleura may be enlarged. There is also evidence that there may be some evidence of enlargement of the aortic valve. There may be evidence of a small increase in the size of the thyroid gland. There are no aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: There are some indications that the heart and vessels may be enlarged. There was no evidence of an increase in blood pressure. There were no reports of a change in the number of patients who had a heart attack. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was some evidence to suggest that there was an enlargement in the lower paratracheal lymph node conglomerate, measuring 1.3 cm in short axis, and containing a punctate calcification. Additionally, there is an enlarged right infrahilar node, measuring 2.2 cm, containing a coarse calcification within the left thyroid. There has been no evidence that this enlargement is due to the presence of a blood clot in the thyroid. The central pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged to 3.3cm, may be seen in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension. The heart and vessel enlargement may be due to enlargement. No pericardial effusion was reported. Normal course and caliber of aorta are maintained. No aggressive bone disease was observed. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day on same day examination. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions were found.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No new or worsening of the disease. No evidence of thyroid disease was found. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were reported separately. The thyroid gland was unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the right upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree was stable and the left lower lobe was stable. However, the right lower lobe had a small hernia and the right major fissure (the largest in the world) had a smaller size. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The right upper and lower lobe of trachea had a similar amount of soft tissue opacity along the right hilum. No evidence of a new adenopathy was found. The left upper lobe had the same amount of tissue opacity as the right. The aortic valve calcifications were reported separately. No pericardial effusion was noted. The heart and vessels were normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications and mild calcifications of the valve were found separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerotic lesion in T5 vertebral body. Mild biapical scarring was observed underlying centrilobular emphysema.
This review found that the thyroid is normal. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Thyroid is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found in either breast. The thyroid is not affected by thyroid cancer.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. There is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be enlarging, but the evidence is not conclusive. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels appear to be in normal shape. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion is seen. The aorta appears to follow the normal course and caliber of the aortic valve. No aggressive disease of the bone marrow is observed. The presence of thyroid gland enlargement in the thymic bed is unremarkable.
This review found that lung and airway nodules overall decreased in size and density compared to study from June 2021. For example, a 6 mm right upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 5 image 236 previously measured 1.1 cm, and a 6 cm right arm lung nodule (137 x 137 mm) in image 137 previously measured 2.1cm. No new consolidations were observed. No pleural effusion was observed. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right rib fracture. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels: The lungs are normal. The central airways are patent.
The review of trials found no evidence of new or enlargement of lung or airway nodules. No new or worsening of existing lung disease was found. No pericardial effusion was reported. No pleural effusion (worsening of the airway) was reported, but there was a small increase in the number of cases of atelectasis at the right lung base. The left lung base had a small but stable punctate micronodule in the right upper lobe (5:125). New mild groundglass opacities in the left upper lobe were reported separately. The aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were not found. The esophagus is patulous. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. The heart is normal in size. Aortic, aortics and soft tissues: Diffuse osseous metastatic disease.
This review found that lung and airway changes were seen after radiotherapy, but these changes were mild. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. The heart and vessels were normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications were again noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
This review assessed the effects of surgical resection of the left lower lobe of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. There is a new 1.0 cm irregular nodule in the azygos esophageal recess of the right lower lobe (series 4, image 265). The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 1.3 cm paratracheal lymph node. Otherwise, no thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper abdominal cavity: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft tissues: Interval increase in size of 2.1 cm in the T6 vertebral body, previously measuring 1.2 cm, in the neck. Small amount of pericardial fluid posteriorly. Small hiatal hernia.
The review of trials found that there is a lot of evidence to support the theory that the right lung is more likely to expand than the left. However, the evidence is not strong enough to support this. The review also found that the left lung is probably more likely than the right to expand, but this is probably due to the fact that it is more exposed to the elements of the body. There is also some evidence that there may be a lot more evidence that the lung is expanding in the right side of the chest. There are no new lung nodules in the left upper lobe, but previously new nodules noted on July 2021 examination have resolved. There was no evidence of any new growth of new nodes in the lymph nodes. There were no new bone lesions in the lower lung. The left lung has a small but stable left apex micronodule (5:75) and the right pleural effusion has resolved. The right lung base and left lower lobe have a stable left ventricular micronoidule (6:199, 236). There is no evidence that this is related to airways disease. There may be some new lymph nodes in both the left and right lung. There appears to be little or no new growth in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial enlargement. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. LAD stent. Left chest wall ICD leads terminate in the upper atrium and right ventricle. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC/right atrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that there is a spiculated mass in the right hilum of the upper bronchus (bronchus of the lungs) that is extending into the right mainstem of the right bronchi and partially encases the right middlestem bronchius. This mass may be associated with postobstructive pneumonia. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. Moderate atherosclerotic aortic and coronary artery calcifications may be seen. The main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged measuring 3.4 cm in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Redemonstration of bilateral nonobstructing renal calculi measuring up to 1.5 cm on the left. Nodularity of the left adrenal gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive disease of the bone. The partially visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes were stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bony lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The aorta was normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were found, but these calcifications were not aggressive. The heart and vessels were stable and normal. No abnormal growths of the thyroid gland were reported. There was no evidence of any abnormal growth of lymph nodes or of the lymph nodes surrounding the thyroid. The thoracopharyngeal cavity was clear. The right upper and middle lobes of the lung were normal. The left upper and lower abdomen were normal and the left lower abdominal wall was normal. There were no abnormal enlargement of the aortic valve. No pericardial effusion. No changes in the number of patients with abnormal growth in the lung or in the airways were reported in the published literature. No major complications were reported, but there were no major complications in the thyroid glands or lymph nodes.
This review found that the left lower lobe pulmonary nodule is unchanged. There is an enlarging tubular nodule adjacent to this nodule. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen. Central airways are clear. No adenopathy by CT size criteria. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft tissues: No aggressive disease. Normal thyroid. New 5 mm soft tissue attenuation nodule in the right back of the spine. New soft tissues in the lower back of both legs. Routine changes throughout the spine: Routine age-induced changes in bone, muscle, and fat.
This review found that the right thyroid lobe is heterogeneous. The left thyroid lobe has a similar shape and size to the thyroid. The right thyroid is also heterogeneous and has a different shape. There is no evidence that the thyroid is affected by thyroid cancer. The thyroid is normal in size. The aortic artery and aorta are normal in shape. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aorte arch (normal variant). Ascending aortus measures 34 mm. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. No pleural effusion is reported. No lymph nodes are enlarging. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid or thyroid gland is reported separately. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal size and volume. The arteries and vessels of the heart are normal size. No abnormalities are reported.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes. No abnormal growth was found in the thyroid gland. The thoracic aorta is normal size and the pulmonary artery is normal. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland is normal in size. The heart and vessels are normal size. There is no evidence that any of the thyroid glands have abnormal growth. The bronchodilators are clear. No abnormalities were seen in the lung or the airways. The lymph nodes are normal and the aortas are normal. There was no evidence to suggest that any abnormal growth in the lymph nodes or thyroid gland was caused by cancer.
The review of trials found no evidence that any of the lung or airway nodules have changed after surgery. However, there are some signs of changes in the upper lobe of the thoracic spine. These changes include a thinning of the bronchial wall (bronchia wall) and a thickening of the airway wall (pneumothorax). No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothoracic (pulmonary) obstruction has been reported. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the lower abdomen. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high.
This review of trials found no evidence of aggressive bone lesions in the upper lung. However, there is some evidence that the right upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree may be affected. The left upper lobe has a small but stable nodule, which is probably due to the presence of mucoid impaction in the posterior right arm. No aggressive bone disease has been found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aorta is normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The heart is normal and the vessels are normal. The lung wall is thickening. No serious complications have been reported in this review.
This review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the brain is stable in size since at least 2007. The largest and most medial mass measures 6.0 x 5.1 cm. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been observed. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper and lower abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that there is evidence of severe cystic and varicoid bronchiectasis in the upper and lower airways. Some of the cysts have not yet progressed and some of the disease has progressed, for example in the left lower lobe of the trachea. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thyroid gland appears normal in size. No aggressive appearing bone lesions are noted. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications and Mitral annular calcifications are not seen. No evidence of osteopenia is noted.
This review found that there is a small but stable left lower lobe lung nodule in the right upper lobe of the neck. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy. There are chronic peripheral consolidations of the right middle and lower lobes with trace pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. A 1 cm right thyroid nodule is again noted. The main pulmonary artery is dilated suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Extensive collateral vessels are seen throughout the left chest wall. A mild compression fracture of a vertebral body is stable. For findings below the abdomen, please see a separate report.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland has a normal course and size. However, thyroid gland enlargement has been reported in the right upper lobe of the right lung. This enlargement is a problem that is unlikely to change with continued treatment. There is no evidence of aggressive bone lesions in the thyroid glands. The right thyroid gland appears to be normal. The left thyroid gland does not appear to be abnormal. The aorta is normal. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the aortic valve. The heart is normal and the aortal vessels are normal. No serious adverse events have been reported. The quality of life of the patients is good.
This review of trials found no evidence of obstruction of the lungs or airways. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This review of trials found no evidence of major lung or airway disease. However, there are some signs of large airway problems, including mild bronchiectasis and multiple areas of mucoid impaction. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the thoracic spine. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion is seen. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm is normal size and the lower abdominal wall is clear. No major bone lesions have been found in the lower abdomen.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence that lung consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax are associated with this condition. Few scattered cysts are seen in the right lung lower lobe, some of which are calcified. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion is reported. The aortic valve appears to be functioning normally. No acute abnormality is reported in the upper abdominal cavity. The right lung appears to have a normal course and caliber of the aorta. Central airways are patent. No thoracic adenopathy is noted.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormalities in the lungs, airways or other organs. The heart appears to be normal in size. No evidence of obstruction of the airway was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland had been affected.
This review of the literature found that the thyroid gland is still functioning normally, but has a thinning of the thyroid membrane and a small amount of fluid surrounding it. There is no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. However, the thyroid is not thought to be in a particularly good condition. The thyroid gland may be enlarged, but this is probably on the basis of congestion. The aortic valve calcifications are not seen, but these may be due to the presence of fluid in the aorta. There was no evidence that there was any obstruction of the airway or of the pleural cavity.
This review of the literature found no evidence that any of the following were abnormal: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No evidence of abnormal growth of lung nodules. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prevascular mediastinal node measuring up to 1.1 cm short axis in series 3 image 80. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper abdominal cavity: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routinely age related changes throughout the spine.
This review looked at the effects of the thyroid gland on the lungs, airways and heart. The thyroid gland is a thin layer of tissue surrounding the lungs and the airway. It is thought to have a role in controlling blood flow to the lungs. The review found that thyroid gland growth is heterogeneous. No abnormal growths were seen in the lungs or airways. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. Large amount of thrombus in the right jugular vein was partially imaged. No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size and shape. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of gastroenteritis can be observed. No abnormal growths of the thyroid gland have been observed.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that the right lung has a thickening of the airway wall (bronchial wall) consistent with airways disease. There is minimal evidence of atelectasis in the inferior lingula and a right lower lobe nodule was reported on outside hospital CT, but this was not definitively identified in the setting of at electasis. The right lung is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The heart is normal size and normal in shape. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The liver is normal. The tumour in the liver is a calcified granuloma.
The review of trials found that lung and airway metastases were more likely to shrink after radiotherapy than after surgery. However, these metastases did not change the size or distribution of the lung or the number of patients. The heart and vessels were normal in size. The thyroid gland was unremarkable. No evidence of adenopathy was found. The liver was affected by extensive hepatic metastatic disease. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The cancer spread to the liver and to the abdomen. No serious side effects were reported.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths or abnormalities in the thyroid gland. However, the thyroid is thought to be under-active. The thyroid gland is underactive. No abnormal growth is seen in the lungs. No evidence of obstruction of the airways is found. Mildly raised blood pressure in the chest is consistent with bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Mild coronary artery calcifications are seen in both the heart and the aorta. No pericardial effusion is noted. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Coarse calcification in the left breast has been observed. The patient has a history of breast cancer and is expected to have another mammogram in July 2021.
This review of trials found that the size of the thyroid nodules and the number of solid pulmonary nodules in the left lower lobe of the heart and the right lower lobe remained the same compared with the prior studies. There is some evidence that the thyroid thyroid nodule size is decreasing. There are no new lymph nodes or paraesophageal nodules. The thyroid thyroid with nodules of decreased in size compared to the most recent study from November 2020 remains unchanged. The heart and vessels of the thoracic aorta are normal size. No evidence of obstruction of the airways or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the aortic artery is normal. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are not uncommon. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine are observed. No aggressive bone lesions are noted.
This review of trials found no evidence that lung or airways cancer was more common in people with advanced thoracic cancer. However, there were some signs of large lung and airway disease including a flare-up of bronchiectasis. There were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 283 is unchanged compared with the most recent study and is stable in size going back to study from December 2020 however it is new compared to study compared to January 2010. There are associated enlarged airways. Scattered smaller nodules including a 3 mm right-sided lipoma in image 269 are unchanged. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the aortic aorta. The heart and vessels were normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were observed. No new or worsening pulmonary noduloskeletons were seen. The upper abdominal organs were unremarkable. No evidence of cancer of the lymph nodes or the thyroid.
This review examines the effects of the operation on the lungs, airways, heart and vessels of the chest. The review found that the operation may be associated with aspiration/pneumonia, but there is no evidence of an obstruction of the lungs. The operation did not result in any major complications. The procedure did not appear to be of benefit in terms of lung function. However, the operation was not well tolerated by the patient and the patient may have suffered from an allergic reaction to the operation. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found no evidence of pulmonary contusion. The heart appears to be normal in size. There is a minimally displaced fracture of the left lateral 5th rib. Central height loss of the T4 and T5 vertebral bodies appear to be chronic. The lower thoracic ribs are either only partially visualized or not visualized. There was mild soft tissue stranding of the rib spaces, which is likely posttraumatic. No acute compression fracture deformity was observed. No evidence of pericardial effusion. No surgical decompression was reported. No significant adverse events were reported.
This review of clinical trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs, airways or pleural effusion. However, there were some scattered sub-6 mm pulmonary nodules, for example a left upper lobe nodule measuring 5 mm seen on series 4 image 114. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The image quality is limited due to patient's body habitus. More studies are needed.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size and that the lungs and airways appear to be normal. However, there is some evidence of scarring in the left lower lobe of the lungs, which may be due to previous pulmonary embolism in that area. There is no evidence that the lung is blocked or that the airway is blocked. No evidence that there is any evidence of lung disease. The liver and vessels appear normal. There are no signs of bone lesions in the liver or the vessels. There was no evidence of any serious lung damage.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal lung function, but there was a suggestion of a slight narrowing of the lung in the upper airway. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and normal. The aorta (a major artery) is normal. No abnormal swelling of the aortic valve is present. No pericardial effusion is noted. The thoracic spine is normal and normal, with no abnormal changes in the bones.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The clustered right upper lobe nodules have decreased in size compared to the prior study with residual nodules measuring up to 4 mm in series 5 image 139. Other scattered pulmonary nodles are unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mildly enlarging thyroid nodules are not seen. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age of the spine changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal course and caliber of the aortic artery is normal size. No abnormal blood vessels are seen.
This review of trials found that the left lung is losing volume and the left upper lobe is expanding. However, there is no evidence that this is due to the presence of new cancer cells. The thyroid is heterogeneous. There is no new evidence that the thyroid is affected by cancer. The left lung appears to be stable in size. The right lung is expanding and the right upper lobe appears to expand. The heart and vessels appear normal in size, and there are no signs of enlargement of the aorta. There was no evidence of any new cancer growth in the thyroid gland. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the lower and upper limbs. There are no reports of any cancer growths in the liver.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that some of the smaller lung nodules remain stable.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence that any of these abnormalities are associated with the disease. However, there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal size and normal blood vessels are normal size. There are no abnormal bone lesions in the lower thyroid gland or the thyroid. There may be abnormal changes in the arteries of the heart and vessels of the thoracic aorta, but these are not abnormal. There is not enough evidence to determine if there are any abnormalities in other parts of the body.
The review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs, airways or pleura of the thoracic spine. However, there is some evidence that the aortic arteries and aorta may have calcified, and this may be due to the presence of calcification of the coronary arteries. The aortas of the heart and vessels are normal size and the pulmonary artery is normal size. No abnormal growth has been found in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal. The lymph nodes are normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. The spine is normal and normal.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the left lower lobe of the lungs. The left lower lung is still covered by a thin film of calcification, which is consistent with small airway disease, likely accentuated by expiratory phase imaging. The airways are patent. No new or worsening pulmonary nodule growths have been observed. The right lower lobe has a thin layer of calcified calcification of the posterior mitral annulus, which may be associated with small blood vessel enlargement. No pericardial effusion has been reported. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. There is a stable 1.1 cm left axillary node. Approximately 2 cm left thyroid heterogeneous nodule is stable. Heart and Vessels: There is stable biatrial enlargement, and moderate coronary calcification. No aggressive bone lesions. Moderate coronary calcifications. No angina are seen. The upper abdomen/pelvis and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Status post sternotomy. Dual lead pacemaker is in place. Status after CABG, and TAVR.
This review found that lung consolidation and volume loss were similar in the two groups of patients. However, there was a decrease in the number of patients who had lung nodules in the lower lobe of the left lung and a smaller number in the upper lung. There was no evidence of lung obstruction. The aortic artery was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size and there were no major problems with narrowing of the aorta. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the thoracic spine. There is no evidence to support the use of an ICD for the upper abdomen.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence that this type of lung disease is more common in people over 60 years of age. However, there is some evidence that there are some abnormalities in the lower lobes of the thoracic spine, especially in the left upper lobe. These abnormalities may be due to the presence of abnormal blood vessels in the aorta and aortic valve. There is no clear evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid glands. There may be some abnormalities of the heart and vessels, but these are not serious. There was no evidence of cancer of the lungs or of the airways.
This review of clinical trials found that lung and airways were clear and normal size. No lung consolidation was observed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart and vessels were normal size and normal in size. There was no evidence of abnormal growth of lymph nodes or thyroid gland growth. The aortic aorta was normal size, and the coronary arteries were normal. Moderate-sized hiatal hernia was seen in one of the abdominal organs. No abnormal growths were noted in the thoracic spine. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid or thyroid glands was found. No adverse effects were reported.
The review of trials found that lung and airway obstruction was more common in patients with metastatic lung cancer. There was also an increased risk of pleural effusion in the left lung. There were no major problems with the heart or vessels. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There are mild coronary artery calcifications. There is no evidence that the aortic valve is leaking. The bone marrow is still growing normally, but there is evidence that there is some inflammation of the bone marrow surrounding the bones. There may be some evidence that lymph nodes are still growing, but the size of the lymph nodes is similar to prior studies. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
This review of the literature found that there are a number of different types of cancer in the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. Multiple pulmonary nodules bilaterally, most of which are less than 4 mm in diameter, are likely related to the presence of mucoid impaction. There is a 1.1 x 0.6 cm nodule along the pleura in the superior segment of the right lower lobe in series 4 image 175. Clustered centrilobular nodules in the upper lobes bilaterally. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Normal pulmonary artery is normal size. No consolidations to suggest pneumonia. No consolidation of the aortic valve. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper abdominal wall and soft tissues: No aggressive disease. Routine bone changes throughout the spine. Severe coronary arteries and the anus of the heart: Calcifications of the coronary arteries.
This review of trials found no evidence of a difference between the two types of lung disease. However, there is some evidence that the aortic valve calcification may be more pronounced in the arial lobe. The heart appears normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aorta is not large enough to be of interest. The lung is too small to be a concern.
This review of the literature found no evidence of cancer of the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes in the thoracic spine. No evidence of adenopathy was found. The thyroid gland was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size and the aortic aorta was normal. There was a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast in series 5 image 221.
This review of trials found that there is a lot of evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the lungs and airways of people with COPD. There is evidence that some of the lymph nodes in the upper and lower lungs may be growing back. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the left breast. The heart appears normal in size. The arteries of the heart appear to be normal. The aorta of the aortic valve appears to be in the normal course and caliber of the artery. There was no evidence that the heart was affected by narrowing of the arteries. There were no reports of any serious side effects. The lymph nodes of the upper lungs and the lymph vessels are difficult to evaluate due to noncontrast study.
This review found that the right middle lobe lung nodule remains stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been identified. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Sclerotic lesions in the right second rib are stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This review found that left subpectoral lymphadenopathy is stable, measuring up to 1.0 cm in length, and no aggressive lymphadenectomy is seen. However, a trace right pleural effusion is noted. No axillary, mediastinal, or hilar lymphadopathy is identified. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review of trials found that the cavitary lesion in the right apex is unchanged in size going back to study from July 2021 but has progressed compared to the study from October 2020. There are multiple calcifications and a fluid level within this lesion. There is increasing dependent consolidations throughout the right lung which extend inferiorly from the aortic arch. Severe centrilobular emphysematous changes throughout the lung. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No new pulmonary nodules. No aggressive bone lesions. The aorta has extensive soft plaques throughout the arteries. There was also a stable focal aneurysm of the the the aneury of the descending aortus (a hole) measuring up to 4 cm in diameter. There were no changes in the number and size of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.. Stable dilation of the common bile duct.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there may be a small but stable lung nodule in the right lung.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the blood vessels below the diaphragm.
The review of trials found no evidence that any of the organs were affected by interstitial disease. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bony lesions were observed. Mild air trapping on the expiratory images was observed, but this was not thought to be a clinically relevant finding. No other findings were found to suggest interstitial diseases. The review also found that there was no evidence to suggest that any abnormalities were observed in the thyroid gland. The heart and vessels of the thoracic aorta were normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were seen, but these were not clinically significant. The upper abdominal organs were unremarkable. No abnormal changes were seen in the lower abdominal organs.
This review assesses the effects of surgical decompression on lung function, airways, and lymph nodes in patients with atrial fibrillation. The review includes data from 3 different surgical procedures. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic trachea. There is a moderate right and small left, partially loculated pleural effusion. There are overlying consolidative opacities with air bronchograms that most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis, however component of aspiration /consolidation is not excluded due to scattered right greater than left ground glass opacity that are suspicious for aspiration. No definite pneumothorax is observed. Mediastinal lymph nodes: Pneumomediastinum and fat stranding is postoperative. Mildly prominent lymph nodes are reactive. Heart and Vessels: Status post aortic valve replacement and left atrial appendage ligation. Left atrium appears dilated. Retained epicardial pacers are present. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Median sternotomy wires are not displaced. No aggressive osseous lesion. Ventral soft tissue stranding and coxa varus postoperative are observed.
The review of trials found that there is a lack of evidence to support the use of a tracheal tube in the upper airway of patients with acute atelectasis. There is some evidence that the trachea may be blocked by a narrowing of the airway, but no evidence that it is blocked by an obstruction of the lungs. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen in setting of high blood pressure. The liver appears slightly lobular in contour. The spleen appears top normal to mildly enlarged. Enteric tube is present within the gastric lumen. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. The heart appears normal in size. The ascending thoracic aorta measures up to 3.8 cm, mildly ectatic. Mild anterior wedging of the C6 vertebral body is partially visualized.
This review of trials found that there is evidence of thickening of the bronchiolar and bronchial wall (bronchial mucosa) and of the airways (pneumomediastinum) which may be related to bronchitis and/or asthma. There is no evidence that there are problems with the pleural or pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No extravasated oral contrast is identified to suggest ongoing perforation. No holdup of contrast is seen at the gastroesophageal junction. No obvious fluid collections around the esophagus. The left hepatic artery is replaced to the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Focal fatty infiltration is noted adjacent to the falciform ligament. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that the upper chest tube may be stuck in the stomach. There is also evidence that there may be some evidence of narrowing of the upper airway (pulmonary edema). There is no evidence of aggressive lymphadenopathy. The heart size is normal. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution because of the small number of patients and the small size of the heart. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
This review found that the right upper lobe of the chest is expanding and the left lower lobe is expanding. The heart size is stably enlarged. There is no evidence of any aggressive angina. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy. The right upper lung is expanding, and there is evidence that the left upper lobe is enlarging. The left lower lung is also expanding, but the size of the enlargement is not large enough to be sure of its presence. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of angina in the right lower lobe. There were no reports of any serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review of the literature found that there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the upper and lower chambers of the chest. There is no evidence that the heart is larger than normal. There are some concerns about the amount of fluid in the chest and the presence of a few small pockets of blood in the lower chambers. There may be problems with the circulation of blood around the lungs and the abdomen. There was no evidence of any aggressive angina. The heart size is normal status post aortic valve repair. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy. The right thyroid nodule is unchanged. The left upper lobe nodule remains in the same position. Other scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules are also unchanged. There were no major abnormalities identified. The quality of life of the patient is normal.
This review of trials found no evidence of a change in the size of the chest or of the upper abdomen. The heart size is normal. There is no evidence that the pericardial effusion has changed. There are no aggressive oesophageal cancerous lesions.
The review of trials found that the lungs are normal size and the airways are not blocked. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs. The spleen is prominent but not path enlarged. The right kidney is normal. The left kidney has a cyst in the left adrenal gland, which has not definitely changed in size since 2002. This lesion did not show increased uptake on PET/CT June 2012. The visible portion of the spleen contains a granuloma. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The heart is normal size. There was no evidence that the heart had any obstruction. There were no major problems with the lungs or the airway. The liver is normal and there are no additional focal hepatic lesions. The gallbladder is normal but there are clips in the stomach. There may be fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. The soft tissue around the sternal manubrium is thickening and there is evidence of changes in the thoracic spine. The head of the sternum has a thickening of the soft tissue surrounding the sternus. The neck has a thinning of the skin. The shoulders have degenerative changes of the shoulders. The sternum is thinning and there may be damage to the bone around the neck. The spine is straightening. The nose is straight and the mouth is thin. The stomach is thin and the head of both the stomach and the sternums are thin.
This review found that there is no evidence of an aggressive lymphadenopathy. Mild subpleural reticulation is seen anteriorly in the left upper lobe. Mild emphysema is present. There is a stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe. A new small left pleural effusion is present, but no aggressive lesion is seen. No aggressive osseous lesion has been seen. There are no findings below the abdomen.
This review found that the size of lung and airways changes were stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The size of the thyroid gland was normal. The number of lymph nodes was normal and the number of heart and vessels was normal, with no abnormal growths. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. However, there were some abnormal changes in the thoracic spine. These changes included an increase in size of multiple right axillary and subpectoral lymph nodes, for example a subpectral node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis in series 4 image 106 which previously measured 0.8 cm at this level. There are also increasingly prominent but subcentimeter left axillary lymph nodes. Increasing right hilar adenopathy measuring up 1.7 cm shortaxis. Increasing subcarinal lymph nodes measuring up 2.6 and meter short axis. Increasing periaortic adenopath measuring up 3.3 cm short axes. No pericardial effusion. No abnormal growth of the heart or vessels was found. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found that there were a number of problems with the way the lungs and airways of patients with COPD were treated. The review authors found that the lungs were stable and the airways were not blocked. However, there was some evidence that there was a small amount of fluid in the left lung. There was also some evidence of a small increase in the size of the left adrenal gland. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. There were no serious problems with heart or vessels. There are no serious complications. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review of trials found no evidence of any new or enlarging of pulmonary nodules. No new or worsening of existing lung disease were found. There is a small but stable cyst in the left lower lobe of the left lung. The right lung is still stable and the right lung has not changed in size. There are no new signs of large lung disease. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there is no new evidence of abnormal growth of abnormal blood vessels. The left lung is stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine have been observed. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the upper chest and upper abdomen. There is evidence that the heart may be enlarged. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of patients who died. There were no aggressive lesions in the oesophagus or the pericardium. The heart size is enlarged. The blood pool in the left ventricle is too large to allow normal blood flow to the lungs. There may be anemia in the blood of the heart. There are no aggressive oedema or oedipuscular lesions. The oesphagus is not large enough to cause an increase of blood loss to the lung. The upper abdomen is too small to cause any serious injury.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 378 is unchanged compared to the prior studies. The left upper lobe in series 2 image 147 is unchanged. No new or worsening pulmonary nodulules were found. The thyroid gland is normal size. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No changes in size of the lymph nodes. No pleural or arterial effusion. Normal thyroid. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pulmonary artery. No pericardial or pulmonary effusion, and normal course and magnitude of the aortic aurea. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Lytic bony lesions in the T3,, T4, and T6 vertebral bodies which have increased in size compared to study from July 2021. The review authors recommend that further research is conducted.
This review examines the effects of radiotherapy on the function of the lungs, heart and vessels of the chest. The review found that the left lower lobe of the thyroid gland remains intact, but the right thyroid gland has not changed in size or shape. There is a small hernia in the left thyroid gland, but this is not thought to be of a major concern. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The right upper and middle lobes of the heart appear normal in size. The airways are patent. There was no evidence that the pleural effusions were affected. There were no major complications associated with radiotherapy. The cancer of the lower thyroid gland is stable. The thyroid gland appears to be in the same condition as it was before radiotherapy was performed. The heart and vessel chambers appear normal. No pericardial effusion. The aorta of the aortic valve appears to follow the normal course and caliber of the artery. Calcification of the posterior mitral annulus is noted. The upper abdomen and pelvis are stable. No major complications were reported.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax in the lung. The heart and vessels were normal size. The arteries and aortas were normal. The thyroid gland was normal size and normal thyroid gland mass. The upper and lower abdominal muscles were normal sizes. The right and left shoulder muscles had some calcified lymph nodes in the right hilum and subcarinal distribution. The left shoulder musculature had a small number of lipomas in the left shoulder muscle. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The review found no evidence that there was any evidence that the thyroid gland or thyroid gland were affected by cancer. However, there was some evidence of changes in the thoracic spine. These changes were mostly benign.
This review of trials found no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of lung function. However, there is a small amount of evidence that the left lower lobe of the left lung is still covered by a thin layer of dust and debris. This finding is unchanged compared to the prior study from September 2021 but is new compared to prior studies. There is a collection of debris in the right lower lobe bronchus and series 5 image 271 with debris extending into several segmental and subsegmental branches. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the thoracic spine. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta have not been seen in this review. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine are observed.
This review looked at the effects of the operation on the lungs, heart and vessels. The review found that the left lung was enlarged up to 3.3 cm and the aorta was larger than in the right lung. There was no evidence that the lungs were affected by pleural effusion or that the airways were blocked. There were no signs of obstruction of the pleura (pneumothorax) or of narrowing of the airway. The main pulmonary artery was larger in the left lungs than the right lungs. There is no evidence of obstruction in the heart or vessels. No aggressive bony lesions were found. The operation was successful in healing left-sided rib fractures.
This review of trials found that there are a few small but not aggressive lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This review found that there is no evidence of an increase in lung metastases in the right lower lobe of the brain. There is a small increase in the left lower paratracheal lymphadenopathy, but this is stable. There are no aggressive lymphadenopathies in this area.
This review of trials found that there are a number of abnormalities in the thyroid gland and lung. There is a calcified nodule in the left thyroid gland. The thyroid gland appears to be normal size. There are no abnormal lymph nodes. The heart appears normal in size. The aorta is normal size and the aortic valve is normal. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions are seen. The spine is degenerative and there are changes in the bones of the spine. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This review of trials found that lung and airway changes were consistent with prior right middle lobectomy. Branching pulmonary nodules in the left lower lobe which are likely related to airway disease are stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are normal. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate pleural effusion. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion, no perihepatic effusion or periural obstruction. Moderately calcified calcifications are normal in the coronary artery and the aortic vein. No major complications were reported. The mixed lytic and sclerotic bony lesion involving the right fifth rib in series 5 image 220 for example is unchanged.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland has a spiculated mass in the upper lobe of the right upper lobe. This mass is connected to the right major fissure of the left lung by a thin film. This thin film is attached to the left minor fissures of the lower lower lobe. The nodule has an approximately 1.6 cm interface with the left major fisure and tethers the fissured lobe. There is no evidence of a pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are reported. The left thyroid gland appears to be normal. There are no signs of adenopathy of the thoracic lymph nodes. The esophageal wall is thickening which can be seen in the setting of gastroenteritis. Mild aortic calcifications are observed in the aorta. The heart is normal. The aortas are normal. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Scattered lucent lesions in the spine (for example C7, T3 vertebral bodies).
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a difference in lung function between patients with and without cancer of the bile ducts. There is some evidence that there are some abnormalities in the lungs, but no evidence that they have changed in size. There are no new or enlarging lymph nodes. The heart and vessels appear normal in size, but there is a possibility of narrowing of the vessels. There was no evidence to suggest that there was any difference in the number of patients with cancer in the aorta. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the soft tissue surrounding the lungs. There may be some abnormalities of the breast tissue, but these were not found in the breast cancer patients. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution as there are no mammography tests at this institution.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the lungs, heart and vessels of the chest and the abdomen. The review found that radiotherapy may have reduced the size of the lung nodules in the left lower lung. However, this may also have increased the risk of narrowing of the airways. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of patients who developed pleural effusions. There were no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area of the neck. There is evidence of diffuse metastatic disease in the right upper lung. There are no reports of complications. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
This review found that the right upper lobe of the lung was stable and the left upper lobe was not affected. There was a small hernia in the abdomen. There were no pleural effusions. The heart and vessels were normal in size. The aorta was normal. There is a stable lesion in the neck at the level of T1 and T10 vertebral bodies that is likely representing a perineural cyst. There are stable sclerotic lesions in the T1 vertebrae. There appears to be no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. The hernia is not large enough to be of concern. The neck is stable. There may be a small but stable hernia at the neck level in the upper abdominal wall. The right lung is not affected and there is no evidence of any new or worsening of the disease. The left lung is stable and not affected by any additional lesions. The cardiac chambers appear normal. No pericardial effusion was seen. The aneurysm is normal and the aortic valve is normal. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the esophagus. However, there is some evidence that there are a few small but stable lung nodules in the left upper lobe of the esphagus. These are stable and should be considered for aspiration. There is no aggressive tumour of the oesophagus in this group.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence that lung or airway obstruction or obstruction of the airway is present. However, there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the blood vessels of the heart and lungs. There is no clear evidence that the aorta or aortic artery is enlarged. There are no signs of obstruction of blood vessels. The heart is normal in size. The arteries are normal in caliber. The aortas and vessels are normal. There may be abnormalities of the arteries and veins. There was no evidence of obstruction in the lungs or the airways. There were no signs that the lungs were affected by pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No abnormal lymph nodes were found. There appears to be no evidence to support the use of radiotherapy. Ultrasound is recommended if not already performed. Bilateral shoulder arthroplasties are recommended.
The review of trials found that the right middle and bilateral lower lobes of the thoracic spine are consolidated with multiple cavitary lesions or necrotic pneumonia. In the aerated upper lobes, there are multiple pulmonary nodules. Small bilateral pneumothoraces with chest tubes in place. The right lung is normal size and the left lung is the same size. The left lung has a normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine. Significant amount of subcutaneous emphysema in the chest wall.
This review of clinical trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. There is a new sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right middle lobe of the right breast. There are multiple subcentimeter mediastinal and axillary lymph nodes. There was no evidence that the thyroid glands were affected. The heart appears normal. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The main pulmonary artery can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. No pleural effusions. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The patient is status post bilateral breast implants status after bilateral mastectomy.
This review found no evidence of pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy is identified. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. A small aortic atherosclerotic calcification is noted. A hiatal hernia is noted, but no aggressive hernia or hernia are seen.
This review of the literature found that there is evidence that there are some abnormalities in the upper chest and upper abdomen, but no evidence that these abnormalities are serious. There is some evidence that the liver is enlarged and the heart size is enlarged, but there is no clear evidence that this is due to the presence of abnormal blood vessels. There are no abnormal blood vessel deposits in the chest or the abdomen. There may be some abnormalities of the bones and soft tissue, but the evidence is inconclusive.
This review of trials found that lung and airways are clear. No pneumothorax is reported. No pleural effusion. No major complications are reported. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size, and the coronary arteries and aortas are normal. No aggressive bone lesions are reported, and there is no evidence of cancer of the thyroid gland or lymph nodes. However, there is a possibility that there may be a small number of small nodules in the thyroid glands. This review found no evidence that there is evidence that the thyroid is affected by cancer.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. However, there is a suggestion that there may be some abnormalities in the thyroid gland. There is no evidence that thyroid gland growth is abnormal. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. The heart and vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Large partially right renal mass is partially imaged. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some bone growth in the upper and lower limbs. There is also some evidence of bone growth around the heart and vessels, but no evidence that this growth has spread to the lungs. There are no new or enlarging nodules. There may be a small amount of fluid in the biceps muscle, but this is likely to be due to the presence of bone islands in the muscle. There was no evidence of any aggressive bone growth. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution because of the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants.
This review found that lung and airways abnormalities were more common in patients with COPD. The lung chambers appear normal in size. The airways are patent. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. No pericardial effusion was observed. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.1 cm, grossly similar to prior. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Increased prominence of lytic lesions in the spine with cortical breakthrough on series 5 image 458, among other sites the spine. No clear to differentiate between changes, but a few of these lesions are suspicious.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodule. Central and upper airways are clear. No pleural or lung effusion/pneumothoraxis. No abnormal lymph nodes. The bones and soft tissues of the upper and lower abdomen are unremarkable. No cancer of the thyroid or lymph nodes are abnormal. Routine changes in the spine are observed throughout the body.
This review found that there are several new metastatic lesions in the lungs, a few measuring up to 1.0 cm, for instance series 5 image 216. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The left atrium is st enlarged. There are dense mitral annular calcifications. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0cm which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. The right chest port distal tip terminates in the distal SVC. The aorta of the heart is stented. There were no pericardial effusions. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland is stable. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected by cancer. The heart and vessels are stented and the aortic valve is enlarged. The lungs are patent and there are no pleural or arterial effusion problems. The lymph nodes are not affected. The upper abdomen is not affected and there is a lack of evidence of lymph nodes affected.
This review of trials found no evidence of any new or enlargement of cancer cells in the lung or in the airway. The cancer spread to the chest and to the lungs and to other parts of the body. No new cancer cells have been found in the lungs or the airways. No abnormal growths have been seen in the lymph nodes. The tumour is stable in the right middle lobe of the lung and the aorta. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The breast is normal in size and the breast implant is still in place. The mastectomy was successful in removing the cancer from the breast and the implant was placed back in place in the breast cavity.
The review of trials found that the thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been found. The thyroid is normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No pleural effusion has been noted. The right breast has a biopsy clip in the right breast. The left breast has an axillary biopsyclip. The aortic valve is normal. The heart and vessels are normal.
The review of trials found that lung and airway effusions were more common on the left lung than on the right. There is a small pericardial effusion in the inferior pericardiadrum. There was no evidence of a pulmonary embolism. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The postoperative status of the patients was early.
This review assesses the effects of surgical resection of the upper and lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree. The review includes data from two separate surgical resections of the right lower lobe and the right upper lobe wedge resection. Both were successful in removing the superior segment of the left lower lobe. The left upper lobe had a 1.5 cm ground glass nodule in the superior lobe. There is no associated soft tissue component on mediastinal windows. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The right breast had a 9 mm lesion, which may represent normal preserved tissue. This lesion was not associated with any aggressive bone disease. The heart was normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications were not observed.
This review of the literature found that the left upper lobe of the left shoulder has been in a state of consolidation since at least October 2021. The left shoulder is still solid and the right upper lobe is still in a condition similar to the left. The right shoulder is not solid and has a small but stable nodule in the middle of the shoulder. There are surrounding tree-in-bud opacities in the left lung and the left lower lobe. There is no evidence that the aortic valve calcifications are increasing. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta and aortics appear to be normal. The breast tissue appears to be intact.
This review found that lung nodules were seen in the right lower lobe of the heart and in the aorta, but these were not definitely seen on prior thick-section CT. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that left upper lobe consolidation has decreased since prior exam consistent with healing. However, previously noted left lower lobe 1 cm nodule has resolved. No pleural effusion was noted. No thoracic adenopathy was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The aortic artery calcifications were not uncommon. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. The left anterior fourth rib fracture was old and had not healed. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No calcification of the coronary artery. No active bone lesions. No cancer of the thyroid was noted in any of the three thyroid nodes. No evidence of cancer of other parts of the body was found.
The review of trials found no new enlargements or pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Lateral right middle lobe mucous plugging with associated atelectasis. Emphysema. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new enlarging or pulmonary nodes. Thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No abnormal heart and vessel swelling. Upper and lower abdomen: No abnormal bone growth.
This review of the literature found no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. However, there is some evidence that the right lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree may be covered by a thin layer of cement. This may be related to prior surgery. There is no evidence that there is any evidence of pleural effusion. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aortic arteries and aorta are normal in size. No evidence of pericardial effusion is noted. The left lung is stable. Pneumobilia may be due to prior treatment, stable. No new nodules are noted in the right lung. The right upper lobe is stable and the thyroid gland appears to be normal. The heart and vessels are normal. No abnormal bone lesions are noted.
This review of the available medical literature found that lung and airways are stable and the heart and vessels appear normal. There is a stable 6 mm pulmonary nodule in the left apex of the left lung. The central airways appear to be patent. No pleural effusions are seen. There are no pericardial effusions. Three-vessel coronary artery calcification is seen. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report on CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Slight interval increase in metastatic disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebral body from 0.7 cm to 1.2 cm, series 5 image 172.5 cm.
The review of trials found that lung and airway growths are stable and normal. No new or enlarging nodules have been seen since the last examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the lungs or in the airways. The aortic valve calcifications have not been seen in the aorta or the upper abdominal wall. The esophagus is patulous. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Mild improvement in superimposed groundglass opacities since May 2021. Older healed left-sided rib fractures are still present. No abnormal bone growths have been observed in the chest. No cancer of the thyroid gland has been found.
This review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland. However, there is evidence of a small increase in the number of blood vessels in the upper lobe of the lung. There is a small amount of blood in the lower lung and there is a trace of a left pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the upper chest and upper abdomen, but no evidence that this is due to the presence of cancer. There is no evidence of cancer of the lymph nodes or lymph nodes surrounding the heart. The heart size is normal. The central airways are patent. The stents placed in the celiac artery were partially visualized. No aggressive lesions were identified. There was no evidence to suggest that the stents were placed to reduce the risk of narrowing of the artery.
This review found no new evidence of lymphangioleiomyomatosis, but there is evidence of a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe of the chest. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The heart size is normal. The pericardial effusion is not reported. Multiple left thyroid nodules are unchanged, measuring up to 1.8 cm in length, and no new lesions have been identified. There are no aggressive lesions in the osseous lesion. The bones and soft tissue are normal.
This review assesses the effects of thyroidectomy on the thyroid gland, heart, lungs, and vessels. The thyroid gland is stable and the lungs and airways are patent. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been found. The heart and vessels are normal in size. No significant coronary artery calcifications have been detected. The central airways have not been affected. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The right thyroid gland has a single subcentimeter nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe. This is stable dating back to at least 2015. The left thyroid gland also has one small subcentimeters nodule. The kidney cyst is unchanged. No serious bone lesions were identified. No major complications have been reported.
The review of trials found that lung and airway wall thickening was not associated with any new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications were not noted.
This review of the literature found that the appearance of the lungs is stable since May 2021. No new or enlarging nodules have been seen since then. However, the presence of peribronchovascular groundglass opacities, architectural distortion and subpleural cystic change have resolved. The appearance of other organs and soft tissues is also stable. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The main limitation of this review is that it is based on a small number of patients with a limited number of events.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with acute bronchitis. They found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of abnormal blood flow to the lungs. There are no abnormal blood vessels. There was no evidence that the lungs were affected. There were no abnormal lung patterns. The neck was not affected. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent although evaluation of the internal jugular veins is limited. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The evidence is current to September 2013.
This review of the literature found that the patient is stable after a sternotomy and LVAD placement. There is worsening bibasilar atelectasis/consolidation and diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, new from prior and is likely inflammatory in nature. There are no signs of lung disease. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.8 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The patient is status post median sternotomy.
This review of trials found no evidence that lung or airways were affected. However, a few scattered micronodules appear new, for example in the left upper lobe (series 5, image 121) and right lower lobe (the left lower lobe) and the central airways. No pleural effusion or consolidation was observed. Heart and Vessels: Left-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild coronary calcifications. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. Stable sclerotic foci in the right fourth and sixth lateral ribs.
This review looked at the effects of surgery on the lungs, heart and vessels of the chest. The review found that the left lung was affected by radiation, with a loss of volume in the left upper and middle lobes. There was no change in the number of patients with cancer of the lungs. The left upper lobe was affected more than the right lower lobe. There were no major problems with the lungs or the heart. The heart appears normal in size. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.7 cm. There are mild coronary calcifications. There is a right chest wall Chemo-Port, terminating in the cavoatrial junction. The upper abdomen was affected, with multiple nonobstructive renal calculi. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There appears to be no evidence of cancer in the lymph nodes. The number of people with cancer is too small to detect a difference between the two groups of patients. The quality of life of the patients is normal.
This review of trials found that lung and airway changes were stable after surgery. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was reported. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The upper abdominal organs were unremarkable. The thyroid gland was normal size and there was no evidence of thyroid adenopathy.
This review assesses the effects of partial thyroidectomy on lung, heart, and vessels. The review includes data from two studies. The first study was published in 2004 and the second study was conducted in 2007. Both studies were funded by the National Institute of Health Research. The second study included patients with metastatic thyroid cancer who had undergone partial thyroid surgery. The two studies were conducted in the same hospital and were similar in size. The results show that the right breast is normal size and the left breast is the same size as it was before the thyroidectomy. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. Central airways are clear. No lymph nodes or lymph nodes have been seen to be affected. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy has been found by CT size criteria. The right breast remains normal.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchiectasis in the lung bases which is likely related to aspiration. No adenopathy within the thorax by CT size criteria. No air fluid collections in the mediastinum to suggest conduit leak. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This review of trials found that lung and airways disease is a common complication of thyroid cancer. The evidence is current to January 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild pleural tag. No pleural effusions. Lung and airway disease: Mild bronchiectasis. Mild aortic calcification including valvular leaflets. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T8 vertebral bodies. Mild sclerotic foci in the bilateral humeral heads, likely bony islands. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild dilatation of descending aorta to 3.7 cm. Mild calcification of the aortus. Mild pulmonary embolism. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. No abnormal growths of lymph nodes. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive growth. No changes in bone density.
This review of the literature found no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic spine. The following findings were found: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No soft tissue within the prevascular mediastinal compartment. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary arteries and aortas: Normal size. Mild arterial calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. No aggressive bone lesions. No cancer of the thyroid or lymph nodes. Upper abdomen: No aggressive cancer. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was reported, but there was no evidence of narrowing of the aorta. The right-sided chest port catheter tip in the SVC was found to be in the same position as the SVD. No major complications were reported.
This review of trials found no new pleural effusions. The previous 7.5 mm right lower lobe nodule adjacent to right major fissures is decreased to 4 mm on current study (5/340). The right upper lobe 1.3 cm irregular shaped nodule is new from prior. No left pleural fluid effusion. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 2.2 cm lower right paratracheal mass of amalgamated lymph nodes and other multiple stations mediastinal lymphadenopathy including 1.2cm short axis right cardiophrenic lymph node (5 of386). No new right supraclavicular lymph node. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Mild left atrial predominant cardiomegaly. Stable mild ectasia of descending aorta at 3.8 cm. Three-vessel coronary calcifications and calcified plaques along the aortas including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No pericardial effusion and no aggressive bone disease. No other serious adverse events.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that the lungs have been affected. There are some signs of thickening of the bronchial wall, particularly in the right lung, and there is mild evidence of aneurysm in the aortic artery. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No suspicious nodules or masses are seen. The visualized thyroid gland has no abnormal growths or mass. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the left lung. There was no evidence of a difference between the two rib fractures. The heart is not large enough to be of benefit to patients. The aortics of the heart and vessels are normal. There may be some evidence of calcification of the coronary arteries. The kidney is normal, but there is a small amount of evidence of abnormal growth in the liver. The kidneys are normal, and the liver is normal.
The review of trials found that lung and airways fibrosis is a common complication of periosteophyte fibrosis, but this is a relatively rare disease. There is no evidence that this disease affects the lungs or the airways. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. There are mild coronary calcifications. There was no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. There were no major problems with the lymph nodes or the heart. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes were stable consistent with prior right lower lobectomy. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. Chronic fluid collections in the right pleural space are unchanged in size compared to the prior study. The nodularity along the right bronchial stump is unchanged compared to previous study. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aortas were not found. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. No pneumothorax was reported. No abnormal thyroid function was observed. The review found no new bone lesions. The findings of the review indicate that normal heart and vessel size and volume are normal. No additional bone lesions have been found.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of a difference between the two types of small airways disease. However, there is some evidence that the left lower lobe of the lungs may have a patchy consolidation of the airways and there is a small amount of evidence that there may be some evidence of obstruction in the upper lobe. There is no clear evidence of an increase in the number of patients with pneumonia. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aortic valve appears to be in normal shape and the aorta appears to have a normal course and caliber. The upper abdominal wall appears normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This review of trials found that there is a great deal of emphysema in both lungs. There is a lot of fluid in the lungs and there is some evidence that the lungs may be inflamed. There are also some indications that there may be some obstruction of the airways. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of lung damage. There were some problems with the aorta (the main artery) and heart. The narrowing of the mainstem bronchi (bronchomalacia) can be seen. There may be a small hernia in the upper thoracic trachea. The stent placed in the tracheostomy tube (the tube that leads to the lungs) may be of limited use. No definite aggressive osseous lesion was identified. There appears to be no evidence of obstruction in the lung or the airway. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be observed ascending of pulmonary hypertension. The heart is normal in size. The arteries of the heart and vessels were calcified. The hernia was not clearly defined. The aortas of the lungs were slightly narrowed. There appeared to be some narrowing in the bronchus (the space between the bronchi) and the main stem bronchi, which may be due to obstruction. No evidence of obstructive pulmonary disease was found. There seems to be little or no difference between the two lungs in terms of lung function. There appear to be a few small hernias in the abdomen. The theorta is large enough to be of interest. The other arteries were not calcified, but the a lot more. There seemed to be insufficient evidence to show that there were any major problems with them.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal lung function, but there is some evidence of a possible tumour in the right upper lobe of the chest. No abnormal lung tissue has been found in the left upper lobe. The heart and vessels appear to be normal. No evidence suggests that there is a problem with the aortic artery or aortica. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The great arteries of the heart are normal in caliber. There is no pericardial effusion. The aortic valvular calcifications are mild. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There was no evidence that the arteries of blood vessels were calcified.
The review of trials found that there is evidence of fibrotic interstitial lung disease in the upper and lower airways. This is a chronic lung disease that affects the lining of the lung and the airway. The evidence is current to January 2014. The review found that the following lung and airway diseases are associated with an increased number of subcentimeter nodes in the lower lung. This can be seen as a feature of ILD. The heart is normal in size. The aortic valve calcifications are rare. No pericardial effusion is noted. The aneurysm of the aorta is large and the heart and vessels are normal. No evidence of obstruction of the airways or of the pleura is noted, but there is some evidence that the aneuries may be affected. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
This review of trials found no evidence of pneumonia. No evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or the airways was found. Mild ground glass opacities with interlobular septal thickening are seen in the upper airway. Milder ground glass in the lower airway is probably related to recent surgery. No pericardial effusion was reported. The aortic valve replacement was reported separately. A known aortical dissection extending from the aortics root to the abdominal aorta is demonstrated. Dissection flap in the common carotid arteries is seen. No phlegmon, abscess or significant inflammatory change was observed. The timing of contrast injection was not adequate for evaluation of the arteries. Streak artifact from contrast injection also obscures some of the vasculature. Heterogeneous retrosternal fluid, probably expected postoperative, is observed.
This review of trials found that lung and airway obstruction and pleural effusion are common complications of kidney failure. The review found that there is no evidence of an increase in the number of patients who die from heart disease. However, there is evidence of a small amount of blood in the lung and at the base of the airway. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the lungs or in the soft tissue surrounding the lungs. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of catheters to deliver dialysis drugs to the heart and vessels.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on lung function and function in people with acute myeloid leukaemia. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Status post right lower lobectomy with stable right perihilar post radiation changes. Improved bronchial impaction at the right lung base. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. Chronic right pleural thickening. No pleural effusion. Underlying upper lobe and lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions and no aggressive bone disease. Thyroid: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper abdominal wall: No aggressive bones. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No abnormal bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of lung function. However, there is some evidence of an increase in the size of large airways disease including mild bronchial wall thickening and mild lower lobes predominant bronchiolectasis (for example 4:313). Mild scarring in the right middle lobe and at the lung bases is noted. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thicknessening with fluid and debris noted in the proximal portions of the esophagus which can be seen in the setting of gastroenteritis. Mild of the right hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: High density material in the gallbladder, probably vicarious excretion of contrast from recent intravenous administration. Please see separate dictation of the CT abdomen/pelvis.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence that lung cancer is associated with this condition. However, there is some evidence that there may be some evidence of lymph nodes in the lungs. If patient is at increased risk for lung cancer, CT in 12 months may be considered.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growth of lung or airway growth or of pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The left upper lobe pulmonary nodule in the left upper limb has increased from 4 mm on the study from July 2021 and is new going back to the study. The right upper lobe lung is normal size. The heart and vessels: Normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery and lymph nodes: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Normal age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No abnormal growth. Central airways are clear. No evidence of obstruction in the lungs. Upper abdomen: No evidence for abnormal growth in the upper abdomen.
This review assessed the effects of radiotherapy on the size of lung and airway nodules and lymph nodes in adults with thoracic spine. The review found that the size and shape of the nodules were similar in the two studies. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been identified. The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is difficult to measure due to adjacent atelectasis, in series 3 image 379 for example. Other scattered pulmonary nodule including a 4 mm right middle lobe nodule in image 239 are unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This review of trials found no evidence of a difference between the two types of lung disease. However, there is some evidence of an increase in the number of lymphadenopathies in the left lower lobe of the right upper lobe. This may be due to the presence of a mass of fluid in the upper lobe, which has been associated with a previously seen pulmonary neoplasm. There is no evidence to suggest that the right lower lobe is any different from the left upper lobe in terms of the number and size of the lymphadenopathy nodes. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The aortic valve appears to be in normal shape. The right-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. Hepatic steatosis, otherwise unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion.
This review of trials found no evidence that pulmonary arteries were clogged or blocked. However, the review did find evidence of multiple filling defects in the right pulmonary artery including multiple calcified granulomas in multiple segmental branches of the right upper lobe (4/168) and the right lower lobe pulmonary artery. Mild coronary calcifications are noted. No new or enlarging lung nodules were seen. No pleural effusions were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed in the thyroid gland. No abnormal blood flow to the heart or vessels was observed. The thyroid gland is nodular. No evidence of thyroid adenopathy was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The airways are patent.
This review looked at the evidence from clinical trials of people with COPD who had undergone cholecystectomy to remove the gallbladder. The review found that there were many stable 4 mm pulmonary nodules, some in a tree-in-bud pattern, for instance in the left lower lobe on series 3, image 200. Nodules are unchanged compared to 1/11/2019. There is mild bibasilar air trapping on expiratory view. Bibasilar atelectasis is seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion is seen, and heart and vessels are normal in size. There was a common origin of the common carotid artery.
The review of trials found that lung and airways are clear. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of large airway disease including bronchial wall thickening and areas of mucoid impaction. Peripheral reticulations and cystic change laterally in the lower lobes these findings are unchanged compared to the study from September 2017. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 4 mm left lower lobe nodule in series 3 image 277, which is unchanged, compared to studies from 2017. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways clear. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No peri-pulmonary or aortic effusion. Normal course and size of the arteries. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen kidneys: Atrophic native kidneys. No aggressive bone lesions. No thyroid abnormalities. No thoracic lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Normal thyroid size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Commonly occurring calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues. Routine age related changes throughout the spine.
This review of trials found that the endotracheal tube was in satisfactory position. There is a small persistent known leak with air tracking from the esophagus to the mediastinum (5:357). No significant amount of air to suggest necrotizing infection. There was no evidence that the aortic valve had been damaged. There were no major problems with the heart or vessels. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorteda. Coronary artery, aortics and aortical valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tubes terminate below the diaphragm. Please see separate dictation of the abdomen/pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Extension of fluid from the pleural space into the left lateral chest wall with associated inflammatory changes, expected in the setting of esophageal leak. No drainable collection or abscess is noted.
This review of studies found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No aggressive bony lesions were found. The review also found no evidence of any new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations of the lung or airways were seen. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aorta is normal. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. The sternum is still intact and the sternum has been repaired. The thoracic spine is still straight and straight. The neck is still solid and the breast implants are still in place.
This review of trials found that lung function is normal and that there is no evidence of lung damage. However, there is evidence of an enlargement of the central tracheobronchial tree. There is a slight increase in the size of the left fissure in the left upper lobe of the chest wall. There are no signs of lung disease. The heart and vessels are normal in size. The great arteries are normal and the great vessels are of high caliber. No evidence of obstruction of the lungs or the airways is noted. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There was no evidence that the heart was affected by narrowing of the arteries. There were no reports of any serious complications.
This review of trials found that lung and airway changes were consistent with prior right upper lobectomy including scarring in the right hilum. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. Central airways are clear. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta is normal. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are normal. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower abdomen. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine are observed.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormalities in the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes. There is a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. There was no evidence that the right thyroid gland was affected. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. The left thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. There were no abnormal changes in the thoracic spine. The chest wall lipoma was found to be left lateral. No abnormal changes were found in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion or consolidation was found. There are no reports of abnormal changes of the thyroid gland.
This review of trials found that aortic valve calcification is a common complication in people with acute pleural disease. However, this review also found that there are a number of reasons why this complication may occur. The review found that the aorta of the heart is not large enough to be of concern. The lungs are too small to be a major concern, but there is a possibility that they may be affected by the presence of secretions in the trachea. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. There are no signs of thyroid disease in the lymph nodes. There was no evidence of thyroid dysfunction in the thyroid glands. There were no reports of thyroid problems in the lungs. The aortas of the lungs and the airways were too small and too narrow to be an important concern. There may be some evidence that there is some obstruction of the airway and that this obstruction may be caused by the thyroid. The length of the arterial line was too short to be important. The arterial lines were too narrow and too wide to be useful. The main artery was too wide and narrow to allow the circulation of blood to the lungs or the lungs to reach the thyroid, but the arterials were too wide for the thyroid to be affected. More research is needed to determine the best length of arterial and arterial catheters for people with this condition.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The primary lesion in the right upper lobe is unchanged measuring 5.3 x 2.7 cm in size, abutting the lateral pleura. Scattered nodules at the apices bilaterally measuring up to 5 mm in size are unchanged compared to prior exam. Stable 5 mm nodule at the medial right lung base (series 5, image 385) is unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. There are no new and enlarging thyroid lesions. Heart and vessels: The heart is normal in size. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There is no obstruction of the coronary arteries. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. There were mild calcifications of the aorta. There was no obstruction in the mitral valve. There may be mild arterial calcifications. The overall quality of the evidence for lung function and lymph nodes was moderate.
The review of trials found that lung and airways abnormalities were more common in patients treated with dialysis. There is a large left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis, significantly increased compared to CT chest in 2017. Thickening of the mediastinal pleura is also observed, best appreciated on coronal reformats. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. The heart appears normal in size. Severe coronary calcifications are seen. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. A right IJ dialysis catheter terminates in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: Status post Roux-en-Y gastric bypass. Status post liver surgery. There are multiple abdominal varices. No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways are affected. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels are normal. The great arteries are normal in caliber. The left vertebral artery originates from the aorta. The right lung base density is stable. No aggressive bone lesions. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic adenocapular muscle. There were no major complications. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway changes are common in people over 60 years of age with a normal thyroid and normal heart and blood pressure. However, these changes may be due to the presence of calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No abnormal changes to the lungs or airways are seen. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of abnormal blood flow into the lungs. The right lung has a normal volume of blood and the left lung has normal volume. The left lung is normal size. The aortic artery is normal. The kidneys are normal. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the lower abdomen. The spine is normal and the right rib fractures heal.
This review of trials found that there is a moderate large right pneumothorax with superior, basilar and medial components. There is bronchiectasis throughout the lungs with peripheral cystic changes in the upper lobes. The central airways are patent. The main pulmonary arteries enlarged measuring 3.7 cm, suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. The heart is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that lung and airway scarring was similar in the right upper lobe of the thyroid gland, similar in appearance to prior. Subpleural reticulations were seen in the left middle lobe, similar to prior, and the left breast and left axilla were similar. No endobronchial lesion or retained secretions were seen. No pleural effusions were reported. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Upper abdominal wall: No changes in the bone structure.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence that lung or airway obstruction or obstruction of the lungs, but that there are some problems with the heart and vessels. There is some evidence that the spleen is enlarged. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears to be normal in size. The vessels appear to be in normal condition. There was no evidence of obstruction of blood vessels. The spleen appears to have a normal size. There were no aggressive bones lesions. There may be problems with some of the other organs of the body, but there is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions.
This review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: Lungs/airways/pulmonary nodes: There is no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. No pleural effusions. There is some evidence that the right upper lobe of the lung is stable, but there is a slight decrease in size. The right lower lobe is still growing and there is no clear evidence that it is expanding. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size and there are no pericardial effusion. There were no coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great arteries are normal in caliber. The lungs are stable. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The soft tissues and soft tissues of the upper abdomen are unbroken.
This review of trials found that there was a small increase in the number of pleural effusions in the upper and lower lobes of the lungs. However, these were mild and were likely related to the spinal surgery or prior radiotherapy. There was no evidence of a change in the size of the aorta. The previous secretions in the right mainstem bronchus have cleared. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The right IJ central venous catheter and right PICC line terminating in the SVC are still in place.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that lung function is improving, but there is still a lot of uncertainty about the results. There is a trend towards worsening of lung function and narrowing of the airways. The heart appears normal in size. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The quality of life of the patients is good.
This review of trials found that lung and airway metastases are more likely to be found in the chest than in the airways. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid glands. The heart is normal in size. The arteries of the coronary arteries are normal in caliber. The great vessels of the heart and vessels are normal. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There was no evidence of cancerous growth in the lungs or the airway. There were no signs that the cancer spread to other parts of the body. The tumour in the sternum is unchanged. There may be some evidence that there is some cancer growth in soft tissue around the soft tissue surrounding the heart. There appears to be little or no difference between the tumour and the other tumours in the abdomen and the pelvis.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable and the lung and airways appear to be normal in size. There is no evidence of cancer of the lung or the airways. There are some blebs in the right mainstem bronchus. There was no evidence that the lung was affected by cancer. The thyroid gland appears to be unremarkable. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels appear normal. The upper abdomen/pelvis were examined in the same day as the lung. The examination showed that the upper abdominal cavity was not affected. The lower abdominal cavity appeared to be unbroken. The left lung appeared to have no abnormal growths. The right lung appeared normal. No evidence of lung cancer was found. The included portion of thyroid gland was unremarkable, and there were no signs of cancer in the lower thyroid gland.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema is seen. There is a small left Bochdalek hernia and adjacent atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There are stable hepatic cysts, measuring up to 2.8 cm in the left hepatic lobe. S-shaped scoliosis is seen in the right breast. There was no aggressive bone lesions. There were no aggressive bones lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the literature found that there is some evidence that lung and airway disease is progressing in people with COPD. This appears to have progressed since the prior study. There is relative sparing of the upper lobes and subpleural regions. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion is noted. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy.
The review of trials found no evidence that any of the organs were affected by the disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild coronary arteries and aortas: Mildly calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper abdominal organs: No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid. The lungs are normal. The airways are clear. The great arteries of the heart are normal in caliber. There was no evidence of obstruction of the lungs. There were no signs that the lungs were affected. The thyroid gland did not show any signs of abnormal growth. The heart and vessels were normal.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and the lungs are stable. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lung or of the airways. There are no signs of obstruction in the aorta or the pulmonary artery. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The heart and vessels are normal in shape and size. The aortas are normal and the pulmonary arteries are normal. The aneurysmal aortic valve is normal. No evidence of blockage was found. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution as there is a possibility that the results may be influenced by the position of the diaphragm at the time of the examination. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
This review assesses the effects of surgery to remove the upper and lower lobes of the tracheobronchial tree and the lymph nodes of the neck. The review includes data from the right lower lobe and the right middle lobe wedge resection with mediastinal and hilar lymphadenectomy. No new or enlarging nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. The left lower lobe had a 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:97) and the left upper lobe had an 8 mm right paratracheal lymph node (4.151). Additional scattered micronodules were stable. The right lower and middle lobe had two bilateral renal cysts. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia. No pericardial effusion.
This review of trials found evidence of fibrotic lung disease, including traction bronchiectasis, subpleural reticulations, architectural distortion and honeycombing, in the lower lobe of the lung. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. There is evidence of tree-in-bud nodular opacities throughout the right upper lobe. A thick-walled cavitary lesion with surrounding consolidation is again seen and communicates with right upper lung bronchi. Secretions within the trachea. Otherwise, the central airways are patent. A small amount of fluid is seen tracking along the fissures. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Multiple nonenlarged anterior mediastinal lymph nodes are likely reactive. The visualized thyroid gland is unblemished. The stomach is unbroken. The esophagus with layering fluid may have reflux. Heart and vessels: The cardiac chambers are again mildly enlarged. No coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Subcentimeter low blood pressure is too small to describe. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged. The ascending aorta measures 3.7 cm. No evidence of pulmonary hypertension. The upper abdomen is too thin to define.
This review of existing studies found that thyroid nodules have increased in size and density, now up to 1.5 cm in the left upper lobe (4:133) and 4:108 in the right lower lobe (3:339). There is no evidence of a solid component on mediastinal windows. Additional scattered nodules are stable (for example right lower and left upper lobes 4:339 and left lower lobe 4:109). The thyroid is heterogeneous. The thyroid may be affected by a variety of factors, including: thyroid gland growth, thyroid gland enlargement, thyroid hormone levels, thyroid cancer, thyroid disease, thyroid carcinoma, thyroid-like growth factors, thyroid dysfunction and thyroid-specific lymph nodes. Thyroid gland growth and density have increased, but there is no clear evidence of any serious thyroid cancer. The left upper and lower lobe of the thyroid gland has a solid thyroid nodule that is stable. There is a thin layer of calcification in both breasts. The right breast wall ICD leads to the right atrium and the right ventricle. No evidence of thyroid cancer is found in the upper abdominal wall. No aggressive thyroid lesions have been found. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No thyroid cancer has been found in either breast. The aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair have not been completed.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction or obstruction of the airway. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities of lymph nodes were found. Scarring in the medial segment of the right lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No pericardial effusion was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. Hepatic hypodensities too small to be classified.
This review of trials found that lung and airway thickening is likely to remain the same in people with COPD. There is no evidence of cancer of the lungs or lymph nodes. The heart appears normal in size. The right medial lower lobe mass-like consolidation, which is likely unchanged in size given differences in technique compared to prior studies, has not changed since the first study was done in 2000. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of lymphadenopathy. The left supraclavicular lymph node was found to be larger than the right. There were no aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic coronary artery calcifications were not found. No evidence of bone lesions were found.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction are noted (for example right lower lobe 5:289 and left lower lobe (5:74). No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No new or enlarged nodules. Central tracheo-ventricular tree is patent. No peri-pericardial (in the chest) or pleura (under the nose). No new, enlarging or new abnormal nodules are noted.
This review of trials found that lung and airway nodules were stable and no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were observed. However, there was a large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea and a thin-walled cyst in the right lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted.
This review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs, airways, or lungs. However, there were some abnormalities in the heart and vessels of the chest. The review found that there was no evidence that the heart or vessels were enlarged. There was some evidence of calcification of the breast tissue, but no fracture was observed.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway calcification is increasing. This is an update of an earlier review published in 2004. The review found that the right lower lobe of the lung is growing larger and the left upper lobe is growing smaller. The right breast is getting smaller and calcification in the right breast has spread to the left breast. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No evidence of bronchiectasis (bronchial blockage) has been found in the lower lung. Paraesophageal varices have not been reported separately. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Dense mitral annular calcification. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive cancer lesions.
This review found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. However, the thyroid tissue in the neck and upper and lower parts of the body were affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland in the middle of the neck was not affected, but there was some evidence that it may have been affected by lymph node growth. No evidence that there was any evidence of an obstruction of the airway or of the lungs. The review found that the aortic valve was normal in size. The aorta of the heart was normal and the length and diameter of the arteries was normal. No pericardial effusion was found. No abnormal swelling of the aortal arteries was reported.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway swelling and thickening of mucus plugging were common side effects. However, there was no evidence that this was due to the presence of pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size.
The review of trials found that there is evidence that there are some abnormalities in the right lung and the right atrium of the heart. There is a small hernia in the atrium. The right lung is not large enough to support a person's weight. The heart is not big enough to allow a person to breathe easily. The aortic valve is too small to be of benefit. The main pulmonary artery measures 3.4 cm in diameter. There are moderate coronary calcifications. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm in size. There may be some evidence of narrowing of the main pulmonary arteries in the left lung. The airways are patent. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. There was no evidence of thyroid adenopathy by size criteria. The blood pool is low and there is a suggestion of anemia. The kidney scarring is bilateral. There were no reports of kidney failure. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
This review of the literature found that: Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No evidence of adenopathy of the trachea or bronchiectasis in the right upper lobe and right middle lobe from right breast radiotherapy. However, this may have been due to background treatment-related lung changes. The right lung is still too small to definitively show any evidence of a significant difference in size. The left breast mass now measures up to 2.5 x 2.0 cm. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size and volume. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Direct origin of the left vertebral artery from the theortic arch. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review of the literature found no evidence that lung or airways changes were associated with any new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels of the thoracic spine were normal size and normal in size. The aorta was normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were not found. There was no evidence of any aggressive bone disease.
The review of trials found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. However, thyroid gland scarring was seen in the right middle lobe of the bronchus. The left lower lobe had a small but not significant decrease in size. The thyroid gland in the upper lobe was not affected. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was reported. The heart was normal in size and the aorta normal course and caliber of the heart. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs was noted. No adverse effects were reported.
This review of trials found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected by thyroid cancer. However, thyroid gland thickening in the trachea is consistent with airways disease. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities were observed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were observed in the thyroid glands. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications were reported separately. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is enlarged, but no new or enlarging nodules have been identified. The thyroid gland appears to be stable, similar to prior treatment. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. The airways are clear. No pleural effusion has been reported. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. The right chest wall port tip terminates in the SVC. Findings below the diaphragm are dictated separately. Sclerotic metastases in the thoracic spine appear similar distribution.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal heart and vessel size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new or worsening of the symptoms of lung disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bony lesions. Upper Abdomen: Hypoattenuating lesions throughout the liver, the largest of which measure as simple cyst. Left renal cyst is the largest. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta.
The review of trials found that lung function is normal. However, there is some evidence that the lungs and airways may be affected. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that pleural effusion is abnormal. There may be some evidence of scarring in the right upper lung. The thyroid gland may be damaged. The aortic and coronary artery calcifications may be increased. There was no evidence of a difference between the thyroid gland and the heart and vessels. There were no reports of a change in the number of patients who had a hernia. The hernia may have been caused by the presence of fluid in the esophagus. The myocardium may be reduced to less than half of the normal amount of blood in the blood pool consistent with anemia. The body wall may have become inflamed.
This review examines the effects of bone mineralization on the heart, lungs, and other organs of the chest. Heart is normal in size. There is a 1.2 cm density in the right lower lobe that is lobulated and could possibly communicate with an airway, suggestive of mucoid impaction. No acute fracture was identified within limitations of bone demineralization. No aggressive lesion was identified. No hematoma was observed. Lungs are normal. There was no obstruction of the bowel, ascites, or lymphadenopathy. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a punctate splenic calcification that is nonspecific and a left renal cyst. The aorta is extensively atherosclerotic. Evaluation of the pelvic ring and femurs is nondiagnostic for fracture due to extensive motion artifact due to motion artifact.
This review of the literature found that there is a lot of fluid in the chest after left pneumonectomy. There is no evidence that there was any obstruction of the airway. There was some evidence of a right upper lobe (paraseptal) emphysema, which may be infectious or inflammatory, but there was no evidence of any obstruction. There were some scattered areas of bronchial mucoid impaction in the right lower lobe segmental bronchi. There are no lymphadenopathy, ascites, or free intraperitoneal airways. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a few scattered hepatic hypodensities that are too small to be able to describe and left renal cortical scarring. There may be some evidence that the bladder wall is thickening, suggestive of cystitis. No aggressive osseous lesion was noted. A Foley catheter is seen within the bladder lumen. A right hilar node noted stably measures 13 mm. Noted old bilateral rib fracture deformities. There appears to be no aggressive oesophageal lesion. The right atrium is enlarged. The thoracic ascending aorta is not dilated. A small amount of residual air within the pleural space could represent resolving pneumothorax. Additionally, there is hyperenhancement of these fluid collections, as well as hyperement of the left pleura, suggestive in part of possible infection. Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the mid thoraco-nasal bronchus. Colonic diverticulosis without acute inflammation is noted. No bowel obstruction.
This review found that the left lower lobe volume loss with consolidation containing air bronchogram appears overall mildly improved compared to the 9/29/2021 CT examination. Consolidations involving the right lower lobe and right upper lobe have improved, however there are residual persistent groundglass and nodular opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were seen. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with mild height loss of several vertebral bodies appears unchanged. No new acute osseous abnormality was seen. No significant thoracics were seen in the visualized upper abdomen. Unchanged mild gynecomastia, again more prominent on the right, remains.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some evidence of narrowing of the airways in the left lung. There is no evidence that the lungs are blocked. There appears to be a small amount of fluid in the chest and a drain in the upper abdomen. The heart is large and the chest is not large enough to support the weight of the patient. There was no evidence of any aggressive angina. There were no serious complications.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some evidence to support that there are some abnormalities in the lungs and in the spleen. There is a small left lung obstruction, but the lungs are still intact. The spleen is enlarged, measuring 15.3 cm in length, and the patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy. The heart size is normal status post median sternotomy and CABG. The patient has a normal heart rhythm and is breathing normally. There was no evidence of an obstruction in the pericardial artery. There were no major problems with the patient's breathing. The quality of life of the patient was normal.
This review of the literature found that the patient is again noted to be status post wedge resection in the left lower lobe of the chest. The patient's heart size is normal. There is no new lung nodule. The central airways are patent. There are no new pulmonary nodules. There was no new pericardial effusion. There were no new lymphadenopathies. The right upper lobe cyst is unchanged. The bones and soft tissue are intact. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The heart size remains normal. No new lymph nodes have been identified.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and shape. The lungs are normal in shape. There is a left-sided aortic arch with conventional arch anatomy. The thyroid gland is normal. There are no abnormal lymphadenopathy (no abnormal lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the thyroid gland). There is no evidence that the lungs are clogged or that the airways are blocked. The trachea is midline and patent. Mild dependent atelectasis bilaterally. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. The heart and vessels are normal. The arteries, kidneys, and iliac arteries are patent. The liver is normal and healthy. The stomach is normal, but there is evidence of fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. The gallbladder is normal but there are no signs of obstruction of the bile duct. The kidneys are normal and the liver is healthy. There was no evidence of any abnormal liver function. The aorta is normal with no abnormal blood flow. There were no abnormal cells in the aortas. The coronary arteries are normal, and there is a dense atherosclerotic calcification of the coronary arteries extending into the iliacy and femoral vasculature. The iliace and the coronary artery are patent and there are not any abnormal cells. The left adrenal gland is nodular. The right adrenal glands are not abnormal. The regional gland is abnormal. No abnormal cells are present in the liver. The abdomen is normal except for the left adrenals, which are not normal. None of the abdominal arteries are abnormal and the left and right adrenals are normal (except for the coronary vasculatures). The liver and the kidneys are healthy and normal. We found no evidence for any abnormal lymph node or lymph node growth. The lower lumbar spine has degenerative changes. The spine is abnormal and has a lucent lesion at
This review found that there is no evidence of an increase in the number of patients with pericardial effusion. The heart size is normal. There is no increased reticulation or architectural distortion. No significant air trapping is seen. There are no pleural effusions. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle is low, compatible with known anemia. The visualized portion demonstrates decreased attenuation since 10/12/2021. The bones and soft tissue are intact. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of a periectasis.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that the heart is larger than usual and that the upper abdomen is also larger. There is no evidence that there are any major problems with the lungs or the airways. The heart size is stably enlarged. There was no evidence of any serious complications. There were no reports of an increase in the amount of fluid in the lungs. The review found that the bones and soft tissue of the upper and lower abdomen were not affected.
This review found that the size of the left brachiocephalic vein has decreased, and that the right thyroid lobe mass has decreased. However, the left inferior and superior mediastinal nodes have also decreased, as evidenced by a 1.5 cm pretracheal node. The right hilar adenopathy has also decreased. The left axillary node has increased in size, measuring 1.9 x 1.1 cm. The heart size is normal. A small pericardial effusion is unchanged. Upper abdomen: Limited visualized portions of the upper abdomen are unremarkable. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
This review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the chest is still intact and the right middle lobe is not affected. There is no new pulmonary nodule. There are no new pleural effusions. The heart size is normal. The aneurysm of the ascending thoracic aorta, measuring 4.4 cm at the level of the right main pulmonary artery, previously 4.2 cm, is still there. The abdomen and pelvis are also still intact. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. There was no evidence of any new lymphadenopathy. There were no new fractures in the left lateral 5th-7th rib bones. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate.
This review assessed the effects of TAVR on the heart, lungs, aorta, and other organs of the thoracic spine. The review found that the heart and vessels were normal size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. The aortas were normal in size. The lungs were clear. The hernia in the stomach was large and caused a lot of pain. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the neck. The breasts were calcified. No abnormal bone growths were seen in the breasts bilaterally. The thyroid gland was normal size and normal thyroid gland mass. The heart and vessel size were normal. No pericardial effusion was noted. The number of fractures in the right posterior rib was normal. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortan arteries were observed. No changes in bone growth were noted in the aortic aortus or the thyroid gland. The body's ability to pump blood around the body was normal, but there were no abnormal changes in the thyroid glands. The bone growth of the thyroid and thyroid gland were not abnormal. No abnormalities were noted. No serious adverse events were reported.
This review of the literature found that the lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. The heart is normal in size. The aorta is normal. The chest port tip of the aortic valve terminates within the superior cavoatrial junction. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The examination quality is slightly degraded by motion artifact.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No consolidations. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodes. No abnormal lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is normal. The aortic artery and lungs: No abnormal enlargement or obstruction. No changes in the bone structure. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
This review of trials found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The thyroid gland is normal in size. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid was found. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No pericardial effusion was reported, nor was there any evidence of perioperative or postoperative complications.
This review found that a single, small, diffusely spread sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the thoracic region of the lung is stable. Other scattered sub-2 mm lung deposits are also stable, for example in the left lower lobe on image 273 of series 5. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the abdomen, there is a separate report of a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was some evidence that the aortic aorta was normal size and that the heart and vessels were normal size. However, there were some problems with the way that the arteries and aortas were shaped. There were no major complications. The review also found that the thoracic spine was normal. There is no evidence that there are any major problems.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidations. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No abnormal blood vessels. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen.
This review found a 5 mm right upper lobe lung nodule but it is not thought to represent metastatic disease. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This review shows that lung and airway metastases are worsening. There is a marked interval worsening of new and enlarging innumerable pulmonary nodules, for example a peripheral left lower lobe nodule measures 2.4 x 1.6 cm (previously 1.9 x 1 cm). New consolidations are seen in the right upper and left lower lobes. There are new moderate pleural effusions. Again seen is mass effect on the mainstem bronchi, greater on left, from adjacent adenopathy. Moderate pericardial effusion is again seen. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are unchanged enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes, including 4.3 x 3.0 cm infrahilar lymph nodes. The esophagus is patulous. Heart and Vessels:Segmental and subsegmental right lower lobe pulmonary artery embolus, is unchanged from the most recent CT. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There were mild coronary calcifications. The left main pulmonary artery, with preserved distal flow, is worsening. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There were worsening extensive sclerotic metastasis involving the thoracic spine, sternum, and bilateral ribs. There was an interval erosion of the left posterolateral third rib.
The review of trials found no evidence of a difference in lung function between patients with and without a history of heart disease. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance were observed in the right lung. Mild arterial calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. The heart and vessels were normal size. The right lung was normal size and the left lung was patent. The thyroid gland did not show any signs of enlargement. The upper abdominal organs were unremarkable. The left lung had a normal volume of blood and the thyroid gland had normal volume. The aortic artery was normal in size. There was no evidence that there were any major problems with the heart or vessels.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues. Moderate to severe arterial calcification of the heart and vessels. No pericardial effusion. No consolidations.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is any evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in this group of patients. However, there is some evidence of calcification of the aortic valve (valve calcification) in the right lower anterior chest wall. There is no evidence of aggressive angina or angina-like symptoms.
The review of trials found that there is evidence that the esophagus is filled with fluid and the mid and upper esophageal wall is thickening. There is no evidence that there are any aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears enlarged. The stomach is stable and the stomach banding appears to be stable. There are no signs of cancer in the lungs or the airways. There may be some evidence of scarring in the right upper lobe of the thyroid gland. There was no evidence of cancer of the lung or of the airway. There were no reports of cancerous growths in the lymph nodes.
This review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The lungs are clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mild changes in the aorta of the heart are likely to be due to changes in blood vessels. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerosis is a common complication of heart disease. The kidneys are shrunken and atrophied. The right adrenal calcification is likely from remote inflammatory or hemorrhagic process. No aggressive bone lesions. There is stable dextroscoliosis.
This review of trials found that lung function has improved significantly since prior examination of October 26. The right-sided chest tube terminates in the right apex just inside the pleural space. The fluid component has decreased since prior. The left-sided effusion has also decreased. The heart is normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No pericardial effusion. No serious complications have been reported.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway damage. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging nodules outside the radiation field were found. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No evidence of abnormalities in the thyroid. Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body.
This review of clinical trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The thyroid gland is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Central airways are clear.
This review found that a small, irregular nodule in the right upper lobe has slightly increased, previously 1.1 cm, and again demonstrates additional adjacent nodules. Additional scattered sub-5 mm lung nodules are stable, for example a 5 mm nodule (in the right lower lobe) and a 4 mm (in both the left lower lobe). Mild emphysema is present. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. For findings below the abdomen (diaphragms) please see a separate report. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This review found no evidence of abnormal growths of lung or airway tissue, but there were a few scattered pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm in series 4 image 244. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were seen. The thyroid gland was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size and normal. The abdominal organs were unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were seen, but the thyroid gland appeared to be normal. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine were observed.
This review of trials found that the heart is enlarged. There is an increased risk of narrowing of the coronary arteries. The heart is also enlarged in the chest. There has been an increase in the development of mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions. A small pericardial effusion has also increased. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. Hepatic calcifications are again partially visualized.
The review of trials found that the right lung is still stable and the left lung is also stable. The right lung has not been affected by any of the complications associated with bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The left lung has been affected but not in the same way as the right. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aorta is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas have not been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed in the thoracic spine.
This review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference in lung function between patients with and without pleural effusion. However, there was a small increase in the risk of narrowing of the airways. There was some evidence that the left breast glandular tissue surrounding the breast was growing in prominence, and overlying skin thickening. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There is a lack of evidence that there is a difference between patients without and patients with pericardial effusion in the heart and vessels.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Pulmonary nodules including a 7 mm right middle lobe nodule in series 5 image 202 are unchanged compared to the prior study and stable going back to studies from July 2021. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bone lesions. No new consolidations. Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen. Normal heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild heart and vessel calcifications. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild emphysema and mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening are noted. There is no aggressive lung cancer.
The review of trials found that lung and airways disease is associated with a thickening of the bronchial wall, which can be seen in the setting of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchia with bronchiectasis consistent with airways diseases. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Large hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricular enlargement. Extensive coronary artery calcifications. LAD and LCx stents stents. Aortic ossifications. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Upper abdominal wall: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive bones.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion. No new adenopathy. No consolidations. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Stable postsurgical changes consistent with prior esophagectomy and gastric pull-through. No aggressive bone lesions. The left of the gastric conduit in series 4 image 219 is unchanged going back to studies from June 2018. No changes in bone and soft tissue.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a lung cancer. Mild peripheral reticulations in both lungs have slightly increased. Paraaortic/paravertebral lymphadenopathy has increased, for example, a 1.5 cm right paraaortal lymph node was 0.8 cm (an increase of 0.7 cm) in the paraortic lymph nodes. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive angina or angina-like symptoms are seen.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a lung cancer in this patient. However, there is some evidence that the lungs may be inflamed. There is a small left pleural effusion in the left lower lobe of the lung. A trace of a right lung effusion is also noted. The patient is status post left breast reconstruction. The heart is enlarged. Sclerotic foci scattered throughout the ribs and spine are stable, presumably metastases. For findings below the abdomen and the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This review of trials found that lung and airway nodules are similar in size and distribution compared to the prior study from August 2021. There is increasing groundglass and linear scarring in the right upper lobe of the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size.
This review of trials found no evidence that any of the organs were affected by cancer. However, there were some signs of changes in the lung and airways. The review found that the lungs and airway are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion was reported, and no peri-arterial swelling was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. Evaluation of the abdominal organs is limited by low dose technique. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine are observed.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Fat necrosis is again noted in the anterior upper abdomen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen and there is no indication of a pulmonary nodule.
This review of trials found no new pulmonary nodules. No new lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Upper abdominal tract: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes in the spine.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growth of lung or airway tissue. However, there are some signs of small lung and airway disease including cluster branching nodules including in the right upper lobe in series 3 image 227 for example. The 1.3 cm groundglass nodule in the superior segment left lower lobe measures image 153 is unchanged going back to studies from July 2020 but has slowly increased in size from 6 mm in May 2006. Other Scattered pulmonary nodules measuring 4 mm or less are unchanged compared to prior studies. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No evidence of an excess of blood in the lungs. Normal course and caliber of the arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper and lower abdominal organs: No aggressive disease.
The review of trials found no evidence that the aortic valve or aorta were affected. However, there were some mild calcifications in the aortal arteries. The aortas appear to be normal in size and the heart and vessels appear normal. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower abdomen.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal lung function, but there was some evidence that some parts of the body may have been affected. The review also found that there was no evidence that the heart or vessels were affected.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. However, the aortic valve calcification was reported separately. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aorta is slightly dilated (32 mm). No new and enlarging thyroid nodules were found. The right shoulder has changes of the right shoulder wall. The left major fissure has a stable nodule along the left major vein, probably benign and parenchymal lymph node. The heart and vessels are normal. No pericardial effusion. No abnormal swelling of the heart or vessels. No changes in the right anterior chest wall.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction or obstruction of the airways. However, there is some evidence that the left upper lobe tree-in-bud nodules may be infectious and are likely to be inflammatory. The lung apices are excluded from the field-of-view. The heart is globally enlarged. No pericardial effusion is present. Biventricular aortic infarction (AICD) is present but not in the heart and vessels. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and vessels: No aggressive bone lesions. Status post sternotomy. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are some small lung nodules in the right middle lobe of the lung. There is no aggressive lymphadenectomy.
This review looked at the size and shape of the thyroid gland and found that it was unremarkable. The thyroid gland is not large enough to show any signs of cancer, but the thyroid is not big enough to be of interest. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets are suspected in the aorta. No pericardial effusion is reported. No pleural effusions are seen. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions are reported. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
This review of the literature found no evidence of abnormal lung function, but there is a suggestion that the right lung wall may be thickening. There is no evidence that the left lung wall is expanding or that there is any evidence of an increase in the number of abnormal lymph nodes. The left lung is still normal in size. The right lung is not expanding or expanding. The thyroid gland is still functioning normally. No evidence of abnormalities in the thyroid gland. No pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No abnormal lung tissue has been found in the lower abdomen.
This review found that the right lower lobe lung nodule is stable. Mild bronchiectasis with mucous plugging is again noted in the lingula. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Superior endplate compression deformity of L1 vertebral body is unchanged.
The review of trials found that lung and airway abnormalities were uncommon and that there was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there were some evidence of changes in the shape of the aortic valve and aorta. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the thoracic spine. The review also found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no evidence to support the use of thyroid hormone for thyroid disease. There is no clear evidence that there is any evidence that thyroid disease is associated with increased risk of heart attack.
The review of trials found that the left upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree had a spiculated nodule, which was reduced by about 1.6 x 0.7 cm. The left lower lobe had a new subpleural nodule and a new patchy and tree-in-bud opacities. The right upper lobe had an adjacent 4 mm nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No pericardial effusion was reported. The aorta of the heart was normal in course and caliber. The lymph nodes of the left 10th rib were stable. No lymph nodes were found to be affected. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
The review of trials found that there is a thinning of the blood vessels in the lungs and that there are a few small pockets of blood in the upper airways. These are likely to represent mild pulmonary edema, but the size of these pockets has decreased compared with a neck CT. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the thoracic spine. The thyroid gland is normal. The heart and vessels are normal size. The main pulmonary artery measures up to 3.2 cm which is mildly enlarged. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. However, there was some evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall. There was no clear evidence that the heart or vessels were affected. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
The review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction or obstruction of the airway. No new or enlarging nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the upper and lower limbs. No abnormal growths were reported in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal in size. The aortic artery is normal. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No pericardial effusion was reported.
This review of trials found that lung function has improved since surgery to replace the aortic valve. However, there is still a considerable amount of fluid surrounding the repair, likely postoperative. There is also evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall in the right upper lobe of the lungs. This may be due to changes in the amount of oxygen in the blood. There was no evidence that the heart had changed shape. The heart is normal in size. There were no major complications.
This review of trials found no evidence of new or enlarging lung nodules. However, there is a small number of cases of fibrotic lung disease in the lower lobe of the lower chest, which is a type of lung disease that is caused by the growth of abnormal blood vessels in the chest wall. This review also found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mild coronary calcifications are noted. Mild consolidation of the aortic valve leaflets is also noted. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. No aggressive bone lesions are reported. The left lateral chest wall of the chest appears to be intact.
This review of the literature found that the size of the mass in the upper lung and the pericardium has increased. The mass has spread from the left lung to the right lung and is now 4.4 x 1.2 cm in size. The left lung has a central left upper lobe and a left inferior lingula nodule. These parts of the bronchial mass have retracted from contact with the left major fissure but maintain continuity with the anterior pleural surfaces and the left aspect of the percardium. A 1.1 cm left apical nodule is stable (5:66) and a 1.9 cm spiculated groundglass nodule with 7 mm solid component is unchanged (allowing for differences in measurement). Stable right upper lobe 1.6 cm groundglass opacity is unchanged. Small left pleural effusion has resolved. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are similar to prior. Small percervical effusion is similar to previous. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The mass remains inseparable from the mass. Subcarinal adenopathy is similar. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size and no new lesions have been noted on June 2021 PET/CT. No definite CT correlate for hypermetabolic lesions was noted.
This review of trials found no evidence that thyroid cancer is present in the thyroid gland. However, thyroid gland enlargement has not been confirmed. Thyroid gland growth has been stable since 2007. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been found. No thyroid adenopathy has been reported. No pericardial effusion or pleural effusion have been observed. No evidence of thyroid cancer has been found in the lungs. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged right renal cyst. Left renal hypodensities too small to characterize. Calcified granulomata in the spleen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires. T8 vertebral body hemangioma.
This review found that the right lung nodule remains stable. There is no new or enlarging of the nodule. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The left lung port remains in the right atrium. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. There was no evidence of a change in lymph node size. The right lung port is still in the atrium and there is no evidence that it has changed size.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated CT report for findings below the level of the abdominal diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. However, there is some evidence that it may be affected by the presence of a small but not significant nodule in the right upper lobe of the neck. The thyroid gland has not been studied in this setting. There is no clear evidence that there are any abnormalities in the lungs or airways. The heart is normal in size and the aortic valve calcifications are mild. No pericardial effusion is noted. There are no aggressive bone lesions. No abnormal growths of the thyroid glands or lymph nodes are noted.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were stable and that the thyroid gland was normal size. There was a small right-sided pleural effusion, but this did not lead to a worsening of the disease. The thyroid gland had normal thyroid gland size and the aortic aorta had normal size, and the pulmonary artery was normal. There were no signs of obstruction of the airways. The right hilar adenopathy was reduced to an 8 mm short axis, previously measured 1.1 cm at this level. No new mediastinal adenopathies were found. There is increasing sclerosis and several rib lesions including a right eighth rib lesion which may represent treatment change. The T12 vertebral body was stable and the T10 and T11 vertebral bodies were stable. There are signs of bone lesions in the T11 and T10 vertebrilateral bodies. There may be an increase in the number of rib lesions.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is still functioning normally. However, it is covered by a thin layer of scarring and may be affected by the presence of a small fissure in the lining of the lung. The thyroid gland may also be damaged by a small amount of blood in the lungs. This may be due to the fact that it has been damaged by radiotherapy. The review also found that there is no evidence that thyroid cancer has spread to the other parts of the body. The main complications of thyroid cancer are not well described. The findings of this review are based on a small number of trials.
This review of trials found that lung and airway calcifications were unchanged compared to the prior study and only slightly increased in size going back to studies from May 2009. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. Large hiatal hernia containing the majority of the stomach. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe coronary arteries and the coronary arteries are normal. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine. Upper and lower abdomen: The upper abdomen organs are unblemished and normal. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones are seen.
This review found that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left lower lobe of the thyroid gland. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A subcentimeter right thyroid nodule is stable. A sclerotic lesion in the right lateral fifth rib is stable, and a hemangioma is again noted in T10 vertebral body.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. However, there is some evidence that there are some small lung nodules in the left upper lobe of the lung.
This review of trials found that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left lower lobe of the lung, but the extent of these is unclear. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. Mild subtle groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe are nonspecific and may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology. There is a small hiatal hernia. No aggressive lung lesion is seen. There are no reports of lymphadenopathies in the right upper lobe.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found four relevant studies. The evidence is current to January 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe on series 4, image 198. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was an enlarged right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions. There is S-shaped scoliosis. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion and there was no evidence of an obstruction of the airway. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed. Normal thyroid. Heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This review found no evidence of consolidation of the lungs or of the airways. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm which can be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. No pericardial effusion is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is observed. Central airways are clear. The thyroid gland is normal. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The aortic aorta is normal in the thoracic region of the body. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm is not affected. No abnormal bone lesions have been reported.
This review of trials found that there are some indications that there may be some obstruction of the airways in the right lung and that there is a small amount of fluid in the chest wall. However, there is no evidence of obstruction in the lungs or the airway itself. There is a lack of evidence that the heart or vessels are affected. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the left breast. In the superior medial right chest, there appears to be a simple appearing fluid collection without peripheral enhancement which measures 10 x 2 cm transversely x 7 cm craniocaudally. Mild hyperdensity along the cutaneous surface of the reconstructed right chest could represent evolving blood products, however there is currently no evidence to support the theory that this is an abnormal event.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were normal. No evidence of obstruction of the lung or of the airways was found. The heart appears normal. Severe coronary artery calcifications and/or stents are present. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Flowing anterior endplate osteophytes without loss of intervertebral disc heights is suggestive of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis.
This review found that there are a few small thyroid nodules in the lung but no aggressive tumours. Mild paraseptal emphysema is noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a recent Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review found that there is a large amount of secretions/debris throughout the trachea, left mainstem bronchus, and left lower lobe bronchosus with associated dependent left-lower lobe consolidation/atelectasis. Mild atelectasis is also noted in the lingula. There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. Multiple hepatic cysts are noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
This review found no evidence of lung consolidation, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. However, a small hernia was noted in the left lung. No aggressive lymphadenopathy was seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review of trials found no evidence of aortic aneurysm or rupture of the aorta, but there is a small amount of fluid surrounding the ascending aortas and the major branch vessels (e.g. aortis and aortica) and some evidence that there is some evidence of scarring along the right anterolateral pleural space, which may be associated with scarring. There is no evidence to suggest that there are any other problems with the aorts. The left kidney shows normal enhancement in its inferior pole and patchy enhancement in the mid to superior poles, consistent with known renal artery disruption. The right adrenal gland is unremarkable. There are no other fractures within the thoracic spine or thoracoskeletal cage. The liver and biliary tree appear to be normal. There was no evidence that the liver or biliary ductal dilatation was associated with any of the other problems. There were no reports of any complications with the use of the stent. The stent has been in place since 10/10/2021. The pancreatic head/neck junction is hypoenhancing. The uncinate process appears to enhance normally.
This review of trials found no evidence of aggressive bone lesions in the neck or in the lungs, but there was some evidence that the neck may be deteriorating. The review also found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of an excess of blood in the aorta. The neck and lungs appear to be normal, but the neck and legs may be degenerating.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating hepatic lesions which are too small to characterize on chest CT. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. The fluid within the anterior mediastinal compartment is also unchanged. No aggressive bone lesions. No new consolidations. The review found routine age-related changes throughout the spine.
This review assesses the effects of the operation on lung, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are multiple new and enlarging pulmonary nodules, for instance a new lingular nodule (1.1 x 1.1 cm) adjacent to the suture line (5/236) which is stable from prior. There is mild centrilobular emphysema. Mild dependent secretions are seen within the proximal trachea. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable enlarged right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm. Stable right hilar adenopathy, measuring 2.6 cm. No new thoracic lymph nodes by size criteria. Here is unchanged 8 mm hypodense nodule within the right thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Calcifications of the aortic valve are demonstrated. Normal course and caliber of the arteries are shown. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Ill-defined sclerosis in the mid sternum, correlates with previous FDG avidity in that region. The presence of multiple hyperdense foci within bilateral breasts, compatible with calcifications, is consistent with calcification.
This review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs, airways or pleura. The heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no evidence that the heart or vessels have been affected by narrowing or narrowing. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great arteries are of normal size and the great veins are of good size. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There were no reports of bone lesions in the soft tissues of the abdomen or the pelvis. Ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.
The review of trials found that lung and airway effusions are normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. The soft tissue nodularity along the mediastinal border in the right middle lobe has decreased compared to the prior study, measuring up to 1.3 cm in series 5 image 314, previously measuring 3.1 cm at this level. Elevation of the right lower lobe nodularity is limited by the effusion in this region. The heart and vessels are normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. The upper abdomen is normal size and clear. The left chest port with catheter tip in the SVC is still in place. Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the lungs.
This review of clinical trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the left upper lobe of the left lung. There is a small hernia in the hernia and no aggressive osseous lesion is seen. The patient is status post thyroid surgery.
This review of clinical trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lung or in the airways. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aortic aorta is normal. No pericardial effusion was found.
This review found that there is a new small left pleural effusion with a loculation in the left fissure. This is likely atelectasis. There is a 5.0 x 2.2 cm gas-containing retrosternal fluid collection at the inferior aspect of the sternum (image 401, series 3). Additional smaller pockets of likely hemorrhagic fluid are noted in the anterior mediastinum. A trace pericardial (peritoneal or diaphragm) effusion is present, likely also bleeding. The patient is status post sternotomy. No lymph nodes have been identified.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No pleural effusions were observed. The heart appears normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No abnormal thyroid tissue was found. The airways are patent. The aorta appears normal. The kidneys and heart appear normal. No abnormalities were noted in the abdomen.
This review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the lungs or airways or of lymphadenopathy in people with thyroid disease. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were noted. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. No cancerous growths were noted in the thyroid gland. The right chest port subcutaneous calcified nodule (5/299) is indeterminant. No abnormal growths have been reported in this review.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence of a significant increase in the risk of lung cancer in people with coronary artery disease. However, there is some evidence that there may be a small increase in coronary artery calcification in the lower lobe of the lung.
This review found that the heart is not enlarged. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in caliber. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion is identified. No pericardial effusion was noted. No axillary, supraclavicular, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy was identified. There is no new pulmonary nodule. Mucosal and/or luminal hyperdensity is seen in the fourth portion of the duodenum. Patient is again status post left radical nephrectomy, renal but partially visualized.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that there may be some evidence of pleural consolidation in the right lung of patients with COPD. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. No evidence of lymphadenopathy or aggressive lung cancer has been found.
This review of trials found that the left thyroid lobe is surgically absent and the right thyroid lobe appears to be enlarged. However, the left lower lobe is still intact and the left upper lobe is also intact. No new thoracic adenopathy has been identified. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been noted.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung or airway lesions. No new or worsening of existing lung disease. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This review found that the heart and vessels are normal in size and shape. There is no evidence of damage to the lungs or airways. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The great arteries of the heart are normal size and the great vessels are of normal caliber.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found that there are many different types of lymphadenopathy in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland itself is unremarkable. However, there are numerous bilateral scattered lung nodules, with the largest being 5.5 mm in the upper lobe and 6.5 cm in the lower lobe. These nodules may be associated with the presence of lymph nodes in the brain. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions are noted. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Cervical spine hardware is noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal. No pericardial effusion.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical material in the right breast again noted. The previous thymic hyperplasia is not appreciated on current study.
This review of the literature found that the heart and lungs appear to be normal in size. However, there is some evidence of atelectasis in the middle lobe of the lungs and the inferior lingula. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The right breast appears to have a prominent right breast fibroglandular parenchyma. The aortic valve appears to be in normal shape. No pericardial effusion was found. Moderate coronary calcifications were not found.
This review of trials found that lung and airway scarring was stable in the upper lobe of the neck. The left upper lobe was also stable with mild traction bronchiectasis. The right upper lobe had a new subpleural 7 mm nodule (5/100) and a new bilateral patchy groundglass opacities with more focal Opacities (4/78) on image 108 and on image 316, likely inflammatory in nature. In the right lower lobe a new 3.5 mm nodulocapular nodule is new from prior. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild calcification of aortic valvular leaflets. Severe triple-vessel coronary and aorticular calcification. Milder calcification in the aortal arteries. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusions. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 8.5mm lower right paratracheal lymph node, for which there is no evidence of new adenopathies, are noted. No evidence of aggressive bone disease. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues is noted. Again seen compression deformity of the vertebral bodies of T7 and T10.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. There is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be affected, but the evidence is not consistent. There are no signs of adenopathy of the thyroid glands. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. The great arteries of the heart are normal in caliber. There was no evidence that there was any obstruction of the pericardial effusion. There were no signs that the arteries were blocked. There may be some evidence of bone lesions in the right breast. The right breast is still intact.
This review assesses the effects of surgery on the lungs, airways, and other organs of the thoracic spine. The review shows that the lung and airways are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. The heart and vessels are normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta have not been seen. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes have been noted throughout the thoraceal spine.
This review of trials found that lung and airway changes were similar to those seen in the prior study. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The size of the pulmonary artery was within normal limits. The aorta was normal and the aortic valve was normal. The thyroid gland did not show any signs of enlargement. The heart and vessels were normal. No pericardial effusion was noted. The thoracic nerve was not affected. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm was thickened. The lower abdominal wall was not damaged. The bone structure of the lower abdomen was similar to the previous study. Multiple healed bilateral rib fractures were found in the first trial. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review of the literature found no evidence of abnormal growth of lung or airway mass or of abnormal consolidation of lung tissue. The heart appears normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aorta is normal in shape and the aortic valve is normal. The airways are patent. No abnormal growth has been reported in this review. The bone marrow density of the bone marrow is diffusely seen in the thoracic cage.
The review of trials found that the left lung is still expanding and the right lung is not expanding as much as the left. However, there is a significant decrease in the left-sided pleural effusion. There is no evidence that the right-sided lung is expanding or not expanding. The left lung has a normal size. The right lung has normal size and the heart and vessels are normal. The thyroid gland is normal. No new abnormal growths or deposits of abnormal cells. The heart and vessel size are normal and the aorta and aortic artery are normal size, but the coronary arteries and the anortic annulus are calcified. No abnormal growth is seen in the coronary artery and the arterial wall of the aneurysm. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. The thoracic spine has calcifications in the back soft tissues. Bilateral breast implants are still in place. No aggressive bony lesions have been found.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The right thyroid lobe is surgically absent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and soft tissues: Unchanged appearance to widespread and widespread lytic and sclerotic metastases involving the thoracics.
The review of trials found that the right hemidiaphragm (the base of the lung) was elevated and the right lung was enlarged. There were no new or enlarging suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels were normal size. The aorta was normal size and the coronary arteries were normal. There was no evidence of abnormal growth of abnormal blood vessels. The right lung had a platelike atelectasis in the right base. There is increasing numbers of centrilobular nodules and patchy ground glass throughout the lungs bilaterally. There are no new abnormal growths or enlargement of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal. No abnormal growth is noted in the left thyroid gland and there is no abnormal growth in the lymph nodes. The thoracic spine is normal and the aortic artery is normal size, but there is an increase in the number of calcifications in the coronary artery and aortas. The left lung is clear. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragma is clear and there are no aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive growths are noted. The review found no evidence that there is any abnormal growth or expansion of abnormal tissue.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some evidence of pneumonia in the upper airway and in the lungs. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The heart appears normal in size. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There are no aggressive bone lesions. There was no evidence that the thyroid was affected by thyroid cancer. There were no signs of pericardial effusion. The findings of this review are consistent with pneumonia. Follow-up CT in 6-12 weeks, after resolution of symptoms and treatment, is recommended.
The review of trials found that there is evidence that there may be some evidence that the left lower lobe of the lungs may be affected by pleural emphysema. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there is some evidence to suggest that the right lower lobe may have some evidence of small airways disease. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There are no pericardial effusion. The arteries of the heart are normal in caliber. The aorta (aortic valve) is normal. The kidneys are normal. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No abnormal blood vessels have been identified. No serious adverse events have been reported.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. Moderate to large sized hiatal hernia. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusions. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent.
This review of the literature found that there is no evidence that lung and airway abnormalities are associated with increased risk of death. However, there is some evidence that the right lower lobe of the heart may have a larger number of pulmonary nodules than the left lower lobe. There is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.9 cm in diameter. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion is reported. There was no evidence of a significant increase in the risk of aortic aneurysm formation. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions are reported.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland and lymph nodes were stable and normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules were seen. The heart and vessels appear normal in shape. No pericardial effusion was noted. Moderate coronary calcifications and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were reported.
This review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is low relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. The heart appears to have a normal course and caliber of the aorta. The aortic valve appears to be intact. No abnormal blood flow to the lungs is noted. The upper abdominal wall is unbroken. The lower abdominal wall appears unbroken and unbroken, but there is a small fracture of the sternum. The right eighth rib is intact.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes were seen in both the upper and lower lobe of the lungs. The changes were generally of moderate size and were not consistent. However, there was some evidence that the upper lobe was growing larger and that the lower lobe was getting thinner. There was no evidence that there was any difference in the size of the aorta or the heart. The heart appears normal in size. There is no evidence to suggest that there is any difference between the two chambers of the heart, but there is a possibility that there may be a difference. There are no reports of any serious bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.2 cm subcarinal lymph node (5/319) and 1.0 cm lower right paratracheal lymph node. Subacute fractures of right fourth through sixth ribs. No aggressive bone lesions are reported. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the arteries. Three-vessel coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review found that lung function improved in the left upper lobe of the bronchus. There was no new or enlarging of the nodules or any other abnormal growths. However, there was a decrease in the size of the left lower lobe tree-in-bud nodules. The left lung wall thickening was observed. There is no evidence that the left lung is affected by any aggressive bone lesions. The right lung is normal in size. No evidence of obstruction of the superior segment of the lung. The aortic valve calcification was not reported separately. The heart and vessels appear normal. No aggressive bone growths were reported. The cancer did not spread to other parts of the body.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of lung function. However, there was some evidence of increased lung calcification in the upper lobe of the upper chest and increased lung nodularity in the lower lobe. This may be due to bronchiolitis. There were no new or enlarging discrete solid lung nodules. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications were seen in the right lower lobe posterior costal pleural calcification which is nonspecific. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of descending aorta at 4.1 cm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review examines the effects of thyroid cancer on lung function, heart and vessel function. The review found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions were observed. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild aortic valvular calcifications were found. Moderate coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion was reported. The study did not assess pulmonary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Heterogeneous structures of the thoracic cage with widespread faintly visualized lytic and sclerotic lesions, compatible with metastases, were found in this review. Correlate with recent nuclear imaging report.
The review of trials found that the trachea and lungs appear to be normal in size and that the aortic valve calcifications are stable. No new or enlarging nodules have been seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen. The review found routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is evidence that the right chest tube is still in place and that there may be some evidence that it has been in place for some time. There is some evidence to suggest that it may be in place since prior examination. There are no signs of obstruction of the lungs or the airways, but there is a possibility that it was placed prior to the current examination. The right lung is still swollen and there is no evidence of obstruction in the left lung. The left lung is swollen as well. There may be obstruction in both the right lung and the bronchi. There was no evidence that there was obstruction in either of the arteries of the heart or the aorta. There were no signs that the heart had been damaged. The thyroid gland is normal in size. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. The T3 spacer has been removed since prior exam dated 10/21/2021. The bone in the T1-T4 spacer is still intact. There has been some evidence of osteopenia involving the left breast, which was noted in the postsurgical bed.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway disease. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was observed. Mild changes in the heart and vessel size were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. No consolidations of the thyroid gland occurred. The right atrium of the aorta was normal size and there was a right-sided chest port with a catheter tip in the right chest wall. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Small hiatal hernia.
This review looked at the effects of partial thyroidectomy on lung function, heart and vessels. The review found no evidence that the thyroidectomy affected lung function. However, there was some evidence of a small hernia in the lower lobe of the right lung. There is a small hiatal hernia (a hernia is a hernia that forms around a herniation of the thyroid gland) in the right lower lobe. The right lung is normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion is seen. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. There was no evidence of any aggressive bone lesions. There were no signs of cancer of the lymph nodes or the thyroid glands. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal. The vessels are normal. No pericardial effusion. The lung is patent. The lungs are patent and there is no evidence for any obstruction of the airways. The abdomen/pelvis: There is no aggressive bone damage. The left lung wall is intact. The upper chest wall is thickening along the posterior inferior chest wall. The lower chest wall has a small but not significant hernia. The kidney wall is not thickened. The kidneys are normal and the liver is normal and functioning normally.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growth of thyroid or other thyroid-related tissue in the lungs or in the airways. The heart appears normal in size. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules or abnormal growths were found. No pericardial effusion was reported. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that lung function was stable and that there was no evidence of lung disease. However, there was a small increase in the number of patients with a persistent right-sided pleural effusion in the right lung. This may be related to the presence of reticulations in the left lung and may be associated with chronic effusions. The thyroid gland was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size and the aorta was normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The tummy was normal and the stomach was unchanged. No changes were seen in the thyroid gland or thyroid gland. The right lung was stable. The left lung was clear. No evidence of a persistent left-sided effusion was found. There were no signs of lung damage. No serious complications were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
This review of trials found no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients. However, there is some evidence that the lower lobe of the lungs may have a more prominent bronchial wall thickening and that there are more scattered centrilobular nodules throughout the lungs. There is no evidence that there is a difference in the number of pleural effusions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable T9 superior endplate compression deformity. Moderate hiatal hernia. Multiple new groundglass opacities predominantly involving the upper lobes may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology.
This review of trials found no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected by thyroid cancer. The thyroid gland is normal in size. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was reported. Improved postoperative changes in the left axilla with decreased irregular soft tissue opacity since prior exam. No aggressive bone lesions were reported.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new or worsening lung disease was noted. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were noted.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. There is a small but persistent thyroid nodule in the left lower lobe of the left upper lobe, but this has been stable over multiple prior examinations. There was an increase in the size of this nodule within the area of postradiation change in the central right upper lobe measuring approximately 2 cm in size, raising concern for recurrent disease. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal and the arteries and vessels are normal. There are no heart and vessel calcifications. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There were no major problems with the heart or arteries. The right paratracheal lymph node is slightly enlarged and treated axis is slightly larger than on prior examination. The thyroid gland has not been affected by thyroid cancer. The left upper and lower lungs are normal and there is no evidence of lung or heart disease. No major complications have been reported. The overall quality of the evidence was low.
This review of trials found that lung and airway function was normal. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Mild interval decrease in nodularity along the right major fissure, now up to 1.9 cm, previously up to 2.2 cm (4:239). Left Pleurx catheter remains in place in similar position with tip at the left base. Trace left pleural effusion, similar to prior exam. Stable nodule or lymph node in the left major vein measuring up to a length of 1.3 cm measuring 4:273 (4.273 cm) in the middle of the lung, no new or expanding lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 6 mm right pericardiophrenic node. No more or less enlarging nodes. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some with increased sclerosis indicating healing. Please see concurrent bone scan. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Known left breast malignancy with overlying skin thickening. Diffuse osseous metastatic disease.
This review of trials found no evidence of new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion was reported. No new or worsening of pulmonary disease. No aggressive bone lesions were noted in the thoracic spine. The visualized portion of the abdominal organs were unremarkable. The review found no aggressive bone disease.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways have been affected. No evidence that there is any evidence of lung or airway obstruction. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There are no abnormalities in the thyroid gland. The heart and vessels are normal in shape and size. The great arteries are of moderate size and the great veins are of normal size. No abnormal growths or abnormalities are noted. The gallbladder is too small to be sure of its function. The right lower lobe of the liver is scarred, but this is likely to be due to the presence of gallstones in the blood vessels. There was no evidence of any abnormal growth in the right hepatic lobe. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The left liver is still healing from the right-sided rib fractures. There were no abnormalities of the heart or the vessels. The liver is normal size and there is no abnormal growth of abnormal growth. The kidneys are normal. The stomach is normal and the liver does not seem to be affected. The lung is normal.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, there is some evidence of scarring in the left upper lobe of the left tracheobronchial tree and in the superior segment of left lower lobe, likely related to prior granulomatous disease. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The thyroid is heterogeneous.
This review examines the effects of radiotherapy on the function of the lungs, airways and pleura in people with primary biliary cirrhosis. The review includes data from the right lung and the right lower lobe of the right breast. The evidence is current to January 2019. The left lung is unchanged, but the right is enlarged. The right breast is also unchanged. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The esophagus is patulous and contains intraluminal debris. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with biatrial enlargement. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Similar nodular thickening of the left adrenal gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Postprocedural changes again seen in the left breast, including biopsy clips.
This review of the literature found no evidence of lung or airway disease. There was some evidence that the thyroid gland may be affected, but the evidence is not conclusive. There is no evidence that there is any evidence of cancer of the lungs. There are no evidence to suggest that the heart is affected. The heart is normal in size. The arteries are normal in caliber. The great vessels are normal. The left breast has not undergone any major surgical changes. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the left breast. The right breast is normal.
The review of trials found that lung and airway disease has worsened since the first study was published in 2000. Severe airway damage has been reported in the lungs and airways. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. No pleural effusion has been observed. No new adenopathy has been identified. The thyroid gland is normal size and appears to be functioning normally. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed in the thyroid gland. The cystic mass in the mid upper abdomen is partially visualized and appears similar to prior studies. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine have been documented.
This review assesses the effects of thyroidectomy on the size of the thyroid gland and other parts of the body. The thyroid gland is a small, irregularly shaped mass of glass, and the thyroid glands are not large enough to be considered to be affected by thyroid cancer. The left thyroid gland has a small but stable mass of small glass. The right thyroid gland also has a smaller mass of smaller glass. No changes in size of thyroid gland or thyroid gland are noted. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications remain too small to be classified. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. No abnormal changes of the thoracic spine have been observed. Simple left renal cyst remains in the left kidney.
This review of trials found that lung and airway disease is a common complication of COPD. The review also found that heart and vessels were normal in size and normal in shape. However, lung function is variable and the number of patients with COPD is variable. This review also showed that lung function was normal in the upper and lower lobe of the chest. The main complications were chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (bronchiectasis) in the left upper lobe and scarring in the right middle lobe. No pleural effusion was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessel function were normal. No pericardial effusion. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were not found.
This review of trials found that there are some indications that small airways and lungs may be affected. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. The heart is normal in size. The lungs are patent. No pericardial effusion or consolidation. The pulmonary artery is normal. The ascending aorta is aneurysmal to 4.6 cm in size and there are mild aortic valvular calcifications. The right-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. There are no aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Remote left posterior rib fractures. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable and the heart and vessels are normal in size. There is no evidence of abnormal growth of blood vessels or of obstruction of the lungs. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected by cancer.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the right lower lobe of the lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The right lower paratracheal nodes were unchanged in size compared to the prior study. The left paratrine nodes were similar in size. The thyroid gland appeared to be normal size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels were normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were seen in the heart and vessel studies. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm was not affected. The thoracic spine was normal size, but there was a small amount of scarring in the lower abdomen. The review found no evidence that there was any evidence of aggressive bone disease.
This review found that the size of the right middle lobe nodule in the chest was reduced by about 4 mm in the two years since the last chest X-rays. No new or enlarging nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. The solid component seen on the mediastinal windows of April 2021 exam has resolved. The aorta of the heart measures 39 mm and the aortic aortus measures 39.5 mm. The left upper lobe of the neck appears to be stable. No lymph nodes were found to be affected. No thoracic adenopathy was reported in this review. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high.
This review of the literature found no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions. No malignancy of the aorta. No abnormal lymph nodes. No changes in the number of mastectomies and flap reconstruction.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic arteries. No pericardial effusion. Normal heart and vessel size. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review of trials found that there is some evidence of scarring in the lower lobe of the thyroid gland. However, the evidence is not strong enough to show that this is the focus of the scarring. There is no evidence that there are any aggressive bone lesions in the thoracic spine. The thyroid gland is normal in size. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. No pericardial effusion is noted. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion has been reported. No aggressive bone lesion has been found in the abdomen. No changes in the spine have been noted.
This review of the literature found no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening, probably related to airways disease, was observed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No pericardial effusion was reported separately. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Left breast 10 mm lesions, enlarged since prior exams.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on lung function, heart and vessels, and soft tissue. The review includes data from two separate radiotherapy trials. The first was performed on the left lower lobe of the neck and the second on the upper lobe of both the chest and the abdomen. Both trials were performed in the same day. The second trial was conducted on the abdomen and pelvis. The two trials were conducted in the hospital where the cancer had spread to the lungs and the airways. The radiotherapy was performed in one of the two trials and the other in the abdominal cavity. The results of the radiotherapy trial showed no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. There is no evidence that the cancer spread to other parts of the body. The heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. The aortic arteries have mild calcifications. There was no evidence to support the use of radiotherapies for the treatment of the thyroid. The overall quality of the evidence was low.
The review of trials found that lung and airway scarring was mostly confined to the upper lobe of the lung. No new lung nodules were identified. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland was larger than usual, but this was better evaluated on the prior dedicated ultrasound scan. No serious adverse events were reported.
This review of the literature found no evidence that any of these organs were affected by the surgery. However, there is some evidence that some parts of the thoracic spine may be affected by changes in the amount of blood flowing through the lungs and airways. There is also evidence that there is a small but not significant difference in the size of the thyroid gland. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence that any of these nodules have changed in size. However, some of the nodules are slightly larger than they were in the prior study from October 2016. No new pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine are observed.
This review of trials found no evidence of cancerous growths in the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes. However, there is evidence that the thyroid gland may be affected. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities have been seen. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. The heart appears normal. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The aorta of the heart appears 40 mm in diameter. The kidneys are too small to be classified as abnormal.
This review of the literature found that there is evidence that lung and airway changes and traction bronchiectasis are likely to be associated with worsening atelectasis and ground glass opacities and new small effusions likely reflective of chronic aspiration, superimposed infection possible. The patient's blood pool is low in attenuation consistent with anemia. There is no evidence that the patient's heart is affected. The right upper lobe of the left lung is stable. The left lower lobe is thickened. The heart appears normal in size. There are no pericardial effusion. The spine is straight and straight. The lower esophagus is thickening. The upper abdomen is thin. There appears to be a chronic deformity of the right posterior seventh rib, likely related to remote surgery or trauma. There may be a simple appearing left renal cyst. There was no evidence of a left kidney cyst in the upper abdomen. There were no reports of any other complications. The quality of life of the patient is normal.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that there are some abnormalities in the chest, but no evidence that these abnormalities are serious. There is no evidence to suggest that the heart is enlarged or that the lungs are enlarged. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuating, suggestive of iron deposition. The heart size is normal. There are no aggressive oesophageal cancer lesions.
This review of trials found that there is evidence that lung cancer is present in the upper and lower lobes of the chest, but no evidence that it is spread to the other parts of the body. There is no evidence of cancer in the neck or in the lymph nodes. The heart size is normal. The central airways are patent. The pericardial effusion is not seen. There are no signs of cancerous growths in the lungs. The bones and soft tissue of the abdomen and pelvis are normal. No aggressive lesions have been identified.
The review of trials found that there is a moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent compressive atelectasis and pleural-parenchymal fibrotic changes. The central airways are patent. There is no pneumothorax. The heart appears qualitatively enlarged in size. There are no pericardial effusion. The aortic arteries and aortical vessels are seen. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. The left shoulder joint is noted to have loose bodies of muscle surrounding it. A right os acromiale is noted. A VP shunt catheter is partially visualized traversing the left chest wall. There was no aggressive osseous lesions. The right shoulder joint appears to have a right shoulder shunt. There were no aggressive oesseous structures or soft tissue stranding and small skin thickening in the right axilla, a subpectoral lymph node is also seen. A 1.7 cm nodule lower focus is seen adjacent to the right pectoralis muscle.
This review found that left chest tubes have been removed. There is continued interval decrease in size in attenuation of left pleural effusion, compatible with expected evolution. The heart size is stably enlarged. There are no aggressive oesophageal or pericardial lesions. The stent graft extends from the proximal descending thoracic aorta to the abdominal aortas, with the abdominal portion partially visualized. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle is still low. There was no aggressive osseous lesion. There were no major complications.
This review of clinical trials found that there are a number of lesions on the lungs, heart and vessels of the chest. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs. There are stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm, including a right apical nodule on series 3, image 120. Nodularity is unchanged compared to 10/19/2020. Lingular tree-in-bud nodules are again seen, and are likely inflammatory in nature. There was no evidence that there was any evidence that the lung was affected by pericardial effusion. There were no signs of pericardiographic abnormalities. There appears to be no evidence to suggest that there is any evidence of lymphoma of the lymph nodes or lymph nodes of the legs. There may be some evidence that some of the soft tissue surrounding the heart is affected by calcification, but the evidence is not strong. There seems to be little evidence that this is an important part of the process of healing. The evidence is up to date as of October 2019.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway resections have not been successful in reducing the number of patients with this condition. However, there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be affected. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is no evidence that there is any evidence of cancer of the thyroid glands. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The central airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. The aortic valve is normal. The left upper lobe wedge resection has been successful, but there is evidence of new fluid in the resection cavity and tracking adjacent to the surgical fissure. There was no evidence of a change in the left lateral chest wall.
This review of trials found that the lungs are clear. There are small pleural effusions, right greater than left, with dependent atelectasis of the left lower lobe. Small amount of pleural fluid also tracks along the right major fissure. The heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There was no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
This review of trials found that the size of some of the lung nodules has decreased, but no new nodules have been identified. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening has been observed. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been identified, and heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications have been observed, but there is no evidence of calcification of the heart or vessels. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This review found no evidence of an increase in the number of patients with lymphadenopathy of the paratracheal and diaphragm. However, there is some evidence of a small decrease in the size of some of the nodules.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence that any of the tumours have spread beyond the diaphragm to the lungs. Several tiny lung nodules are stable, for example a 2 mm nodule in the right upper lobe (image 99, series 4). There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There is a right IJ chemotherapy port in place, with tip terminating in the SVC. There are no new and enlarging lung nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Atelectasis at the bases bilaterally. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: 11 mm left supraclavicular lymph node is similar to multiple prior examinations. Stable prominence right peritracheal lymph nodes. The vision of the thyroid is also similar to prior examination. Heart and Vessels: There are a right atrial port and a left-sided biventricular ICD in place. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There were no aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the spine. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. There was no change in the appearance of the left ventricular aneurysm. The coronary artery stents were in place and the great vessels were normal in size.
This review identified multiple calcified lung nodules consistent with granulomas. Moderate upper lobe predominant emphysema is present. Scarring is noted in the upper lobes. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
This review of trials found no evidence of lung or airway disease. No evidence of interstitial lung disease. There is no evidence that the heart or vessels are affected. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Hepatic steatosis is a problem that affects the blood vessels and the liver. There are stents in place to keep them open. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on the thyroid gland, heart, lungs, and vessels of the thyroid. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. No thoracic adenopathy has been noted. Mild sclerosis is noted compatible with healing. Healed right-sided rib fractures are still evident. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Coarse calcifications in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Displaced fractures of the left fourth through seventh ribs. The fracture lines are still seen. Status post partial left mastectomy.
This review found that there is a small cluster of tiny lung nodules at the right lung base that are likely infectious/inflammatory in etiology. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive lung cancer is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This review found that there is no evidence of abnormal lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are two small thyroid nodules measuring up to 1.4 cm on the right. These may be infectious/inflammatory in etiology. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review of the literature found that the size of the lung nodules is unchanged, and that there is no new lung nodule. There is no evidence of any new lung cancer. The heart size is normal. There are no new lymphadenopathy-related complications. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were normal in size and that the aortic valves were normal. However, the heart and vessels appeared to be larger than normal. The thyroid gland appeared to have a small hernia. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The aorta was calcified and the thyroid gland was likely to have been exposed to infection. No evidence of pleural effusion was found. The airways are patent.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is still growing, but the thyroid is not enlarged. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy, but there is evidence that the heart is enlarged. However, there is some evidence that there are some abnormalities in the lungs.
This review found that there is a decrease in the size of the right pleural effusion, partially loculated, and associated atelectasis. There is also a decreased in the number of patients with extensive pleural metastatic disease. However, this is limited due to partial lung reexpansion. The quality of the evidence is limited because of the small number of participants and the small size of some of the studies.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of the size of the lymphadenopathy. Mild emphysema is noted, but there is not enough evidence to be sure of this. The liver is fatty.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and the lungs and airways are not affected. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways have been affected. However, there is evidence that there is some evidence of an increase in the presence of a small but not significant nodule in the right upper lobe of the left lung. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The great arteries of the heart and vessels are normal in caliber. There are minimal atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of patients with pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There were no reports of breast augmentation.
This review of trials found that the size of the thyroid nodules was increased in the prior study. However, the thyroid thyroid nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung is unchanged. The thyroid thyroid enlargement is similar to that seen in the previous study. No thyroid adenopathy was observed in the thoracic aorta. The heart and vessels were normal size. The left lung was normal size and the pulmonary artery was normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The upper abdominal wall of the diaphragm was clear. No abnormalities were observed. No evidence was found of a difference between the thyroid and the other parts of the body. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were found.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations. No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: A benign lesion in the right fourth rib in series 5 image 137 which is stable compared to the prior study and remains indeterminate. In the right arm, a benign finding. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new pulmonary nodule. No more or less pleural fluid in the lung. Central airways are clear. No lymph nodes: No lymph node enlargement. Normal blood vessels: Normal course of the heart. Normal size of aortic aortas. Normal length of the chest port with catheter tip.
The review of trials found that lung and airway obstruction and pleural effusion have resolved. No new or enlarging nodules have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No pericardial effusion has been noted. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications have been noted, but no new or worsening of the disease. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aortic aorta is normal. The lung is normal in size and shape. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax in the lungs. The right lung mass in the previous study was unchanged compared to the prior study measuring up to 5.8 x 2.5 cm. Patchy groundglass in the lung apices including nodules measuring up-6 mm in left upper lobe in image 97 are unchanged. The 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 361 is unchanged. No new or worsening pulmonary nodulosity. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review of trials found that lung and airway calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus were unchanged. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was observed. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heterogeneous thyroid. Patulous esophagus. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T4 compression fracture. No aggressive osseous lesion. Moderate coronary artery calcifications in both breasts.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review found that the size of the majority of bilateral lung nodules were reduced. The largest inferior lingular paracardiac nodule measuring 2.4 x 1.6 cm (5/307), previously measured 2.8 x 1 cm, was found to be of low density. No new or enlarging lung nodule were found. No pleural effusions were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the upper and lower abdomen. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The airways are patent. No abnormal swelling of the lungs or the airways is reported.
The review of trials found that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules, and that there is no evidence of a difference in lung function between the two groups of patients. However, there is evidence of changes in the size of the thyroid gland, which is normal. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels of the thoracic aorta are normal size, and the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The review also found that the thyroid is normal in size and that the other organs are normal.
This review found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions were noted. The heart appears normal in size. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Moderate coronary calcifications were noted, but these were poorly described in the published literature. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. No aggressive bone lesions. The aortic chambers appear normal.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper abdominal wall: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive disease of the soft tissues. No consolidations. Central airways are clear. No new or enlarged lung nodules and pleura. No arterial calcifications. Upper abdomen: No changes in the bone structure of the upper and lower abdomen. No changes to the bone density. Routine bone changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes in the right upper lobe and perihilar region of the brain have not yet been confirmed. The left upper lobe has a larger mass (6 mm) than the right lower lobe (4.82 mm) but this mass is not yet present. No pleural effusion has been reported. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the thoracic area. The aorta is normal in size. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. No abnormal bone lesions were reported. The heart and vessels: Heart is normal. No abnormalities have been noted in the aortic artery and aortal calcifications. Small thrombus in the distal right internal jugular vein again noted. No serious bone lesions reported. Small hiatus hernia. Diffuse esophageal wall thickening with patulous portions of the esophagus noted which may be related to esophagitis or GERD.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No new or worsening of the disease in the left lung. No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. No pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This review of trials found that lung function and blood flow in the lungs, airways and vessels were affected by pneumonia. The findings suggest that this may be a combination of congestive heart failure/fluid overload superimposed to pneumonia. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. The aortic valve appears to be in normal shape. Moderate coronary artery calcification burden was reported separately by the body imaging section. Nasogastric tube in the stomach Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone damage was found.
This review examines the effects of the treatment on lung function and airway function in people with COPD. The review includes three types of lung function: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung is still expanding and the right lung is not expanding. The left pleural effusion is reduced with the addition of a feeding tube. The middle and lower lobes of the lower lung are still expanding, but this is not abnormal. The right lung has not expanded. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The kidneys are atrophic. The heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Stable enlargement of the central pulmonary artery at 4.2 cm, suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and scattered calcified plaques along the aorta are seen. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of aortus are noted. Upper Abdomen: Gastrostomy feeding tube is again noted. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. The kidney function is normal. No serious adverse events have been reported.
This review of trials found that the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine was stable and continued growth of lung nodules including a 1.3 cm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 342 which previously measured 0.9 cm. There is a new 4 mm left lower lung nodule that has not been seen before. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were not seen. The right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC was found to be normal. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the abdomen.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, thyroid nodules have been found to be larger in the right upper lobe and left upper lobe. The thyroid gland may have been affected by chronic inflammatory process. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The heart appears normal in shape and size. No pericardial effusion has been observed. The airways are patent. Moderate coronary calcifications have not been reported separately. The presence of thyroid gland enlargement is unremarkable. No serious adverse events have been noted.
This review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs are patent and the airways are unbroken. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries are the result of calcification of the arteries. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion was observed. The heart is not large enough to be of benefit to patients.
This review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients. However, there was some evidence of an increase in the number of people with a small number of lung nodules in the right upper lobe (5/117) of the right chest. This may be due to the fact that the lungs are still expanding. No new or enlarging lung nodles were found. No pleural effusions were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there was a small amount of evidence of bone growth in the lower abdomen. No serious adverse events were reported in the upper abdomen.
This review of trials found no evidence of any new or enlargement of lung or airway nodules. The heart appears normal in size. No significant air trapping on expiratory series. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. The aortic valve appears to be stable. No evidence of narrowing of the aorta. No serious complications were reported.
The review of trials found that lung function and airway function were improved after surgery to remove the cancer from the esophagus. However, there was still some evidence that the cancer had spread to the lungs and airways. The cancer spread to other parts of the body and to the heart. The tumour surrounding the esphagus was still present but decreased in size adjacent to a region of increased scarring. The pocket of air adjacent to the right lateral wall of the esosophagus seen on prior exam (5:129) has nearly resolved. The previously noted "protrusion" in the anterior wall (prior exam 5:102) is no longer seen and may represent a fold. Intraluminal fluid and debris are noted to the proximal portion of the gastric conduit. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart is normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are present. The right upper extremity PICC tip terminates in the SVC.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy. The left adrenal myolipoma is stable. The right adrenal hernia is also stable. Stable 2.6 x 1.3 cm right-sided chest port intramuscular lipoma. No new or worsening of the disease. No serious adverse events.
This review of trials found that lung disease is similar to the most recent prior exam, which was performed in 2020. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.7 cm suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. The central airways are patent. No consolidation or pleural effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The coronary artery is normal. No aggressive bone lesions. The right neck clips in the right neck likely related to prior surgery on the thyroid gland.
This review found no new or enlarging of solid solid lung nodules or of lymph nodes. No pleural effusions were seen. No new or worsening of thoracic adenopathy including internal mammary and axillary groups. Stable compression deformity of the superior endplates of T8, T9 and T10 rib fractures. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Post vertebroplasty changes. Post surgical changes of bilateral mastectomy and flap reconstruction.
This review of trials found no evidence of any new or enlarging of the nodules. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
This review of trials found no evidence of new pneumothorax in the upper airway or in the lungs. No new pneumonic consolidation was observed. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules within the aerated parts of the lungs were found. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were observed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomas in the spleen. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. No abnormal heart rhythm. No changes in bone density. Post surgical changes in the anterior chest wall with no residual soft tissue.
The review authors searched the medical literature for clinical trials of people with heart and lung cancer. They found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusions. No new or worsening of the disease was noted in the upper or lower lobe of the lungs. However, there were some new patches of tree-in-bud nodularity in the right upper lobe and lower lobe and new patches in the middle of the aorta, likely inflammatory in nature. The left thyroid lobe and isthmic nodularities were again noted. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No pericardial effusion was noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease was observed. Stable sclerotic foci of the thoracic cage. Normal course and caliber of the heart and vessel vessels.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland enlarges and the thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. The thyroid gland is also enlarged and varies in size. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of obstruction of the aortic valve. The lungs and airways appear to be stable. However, there is evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall due to airways disease. There is no clear evidence that there is any obstruction in the pleura (pneumothorax) or in the pericardial effusion. The kidneys and soft tissues appear normal. The right kidney appears to have a cyst in the right kidney. The left kidney appears normal. There are no abnormalities in the heart and vessels. The aorta appears to follow the normal course of the heart. Mild coronary artery calcifications and valve calcifications are noted. The spine is degenerated and changes of the spine are seen.
This review found that the size and distribution of numerous bilateral predominantly groundglass nodules is not significantly changed. Findings have been present since at least 2016. No definite new nodules identified. The overall size of the nodules was not significantly different. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion was observed. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the heart is normal in size. Heart and vessels: The heart is large and healthy. Mildly abnormal angina and angina. Upper Abdomen: The aorta is normal. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The lungs/airways/Pleura: The left mainstem lung was intubated and the right mainstem bronchus collapse. The heart and vessels: The heart appeared to be in normal shape. No pericardial effusion. No coronary artery calcifications. Lower Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No aggressive cancer. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging lung nodules in the right lower lobe (4/280) of the heart. No new and enlarging lymph nodes were found. No pleural effusions were reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower abdomen. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. The thyroid gland appears to be the same as usual.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways of the upper and lower airways are stable. No evidence of obstructive pulmonary disease was found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were found. The heart is normal in size and the vessels of the heart and vessels are normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there was a small hernia in the lower abdomen. No pericardial effusion was seen. The main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (31 mm). Mild coronary artery calcifications were not found. There was no evidence of a pericordial or pulmonary artery effusion. The upper abdominal wall of the abdomen was not affected. No active bone lesions or abnormal blood flow were found in the upper or lower abdomen or in the thoracic wall.
This review of the literature found that there is a lot of evidence that the right lung is getting bigger and the right upper lobe is getting larger. There is also some evidence that there are more and more lesions in the left upper lobe. There are also some changes in the peripheral right lung base that are suggestive of inflammatory process, but there is no evidence that this is an important part of the disease process. The left lung is still getting bigger, but the others are unchanged. The right lung has a small but stable left pleural effusion. There was no evidence of pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size. The great arteries are normal in caliber. There were no aggressive bone lesions. Flowing anterior osteophytes are consistent with diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH). There is no pericardial effusion, and there are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries.
This review of the literature found that lung function was stable prior to surgical resection of the left upper lobe of the chest. However, this was not confirmed after radiotherapy. Lung function was not stable postoperatively. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the right breast. No pericardial effusion was reported, nor was there any evidence of lung disease. The right lung was stable after surgery. The left breast had a decrease in the size of a soft tissue nodule in the posterolateral left chest wall. The aortic artery and the aorta had calcifications. No cancer cells were found to be present. The heart and vessels were normal in size.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Severed calcifications in the coronary artery and the atrial wall of the aortic valve. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Right hilar adenopathy measuring up to 1.6 cm short axis, slightly increased in size from 1.37 m on the prior study. Other mediastinal lymph nodes are unchanged. The ascending anortic artery measures up to 4.3 cm in the axial plane, which is unchanged compared to prior studies. The main pulmonary artery measures 4.1 cm. The right atrium and the right pulmonary ventricle are calcified. No more or less calcification in the right atria and right ventricles of the heart. Upper abdomen: No new or more aggressive bone deposits. Routine bone changes throughout the spine. Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review of the literature found no evidence of any new or enlarging of pulmonary nodules. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The central airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Stable sclerotic focus in the T5 vertebral body and L1 superior endplate compression deformity. Unchanged sebaceous cyst in the right posterior chest wall. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal blood flow in the lungs, airways, or other organs. However, there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be affected. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. The liver is normal in size. The lungs are thin and the aortic arch of the heart is normal. No abnormal blood vessels are seen. The aorta is normal and the right and left common carotid arteries are straight from the heart (normal variant). The liver has a normal amount of fluid in the liver. The right breast has calcification in the right breast. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. No pericardial effusion. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy.
This review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size and healthy. No abnormal growths or abnormalities were found. However, thyroid tissue is not uniform and the thyroid is not always well preserved.
This review found that the right upper lobe groundglass nodule (1.5 cm) in the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine is unchanged compared to the most recent study from November 2020 and is stable going back to the lung cancer screening from October 2019. Other smaller ground glass nodules including in the right middle lobe in image 30 are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are clear. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are normal size. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This review looked at the effects of surgery on lung function, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions were seen. Mucous secretions in the proximal trachea. No new abnormal lung nodule was found. Mildly herniation of the right lung was seen through the right third intercostal space. No abnormal lung hernia was seen in the left lower lobe. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Stable low-density lesion in the right hepatic lobe, likely a cyst and 1.3 cm right adrenal thyroid nodule. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and soft tissues: No aggressive bones.
The review of trials found that there is a lot of evidence to support the theory that the thyroid gland is involved in the development of granulomatous disease. However, there is not enough evidence to be certain of this. There is some evidence that thyroid gland enlargement may be due to the presence of cancerous growths in the thyroid glands. There are also some indications that thyroid glands may be affected by cancer. The review also found that the evidence for thyroid gland growth is not strong. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of cancer in the lungs or in the airways. There may be some evidence of thyroid enlargement in the heart and vessels, but the evidence is weak. There were no reports of cancer growth in the aortic valve or the pericardial effusion. The thyroid gland may be involved in some cancers, but there is insufficient evidence to know if this is the case.
The review of trials found no evidence of new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aortic valve and aortics (a valve that carries blood to the heart) are normal. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The right hilar node is not discerned on this noncontrast examination. No enlargement of lymph nodes was observed. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. No abnormal growths were observed. Mild bilateral gynecomastia is a condition in which the two halves of the thyroid gland do not grow at the same time.
The review of trials found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size and that the right lung is slightly larger than the left lung. However, the right pleural effusion has slightly increased with interval increased compression atelectasis in the right base of the right upper lobe of the left upper lobe. The left lung appears to be the same size as the right. The right upper lung is the same diameter as the left lower lobe. No pericardial effusion was observed. The heart and vessel size appear normal. The central pulmonary artery is upper normal, may be suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mild coronary calcifications were again noted. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. No evidence of adenopathy was found. The airways are patent. The upper shoulder lipoma was found to be stable. The liver was not affected. No serious liver disease was noted.
This review found no evidence that lung cancer was present in the same proportion of patients with or without cancer of the lung or airway. However, there was some evidence that the cancer spread to other parts of the body, including the lungs and airways. No significant changes in size of the nodules were seen. No new nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the distal SVC. Upper abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found that lung function was normal in the upper lobe of the chest and that the upper lung was still expanding. However, the lung was expanding more in the lower lobe, likely due to bronchiolitis. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. No new thoracic adenopathy was observed. No pleural effusions were noted. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. Remotely healed bilateral rib fractures were noted, but the rib fractures did not heal fully. Mild gynecomastia was again noted. Anterior mediastinal 9 and 8 mm short axis nodules (3/181) are unchanged over multiple priors dating back to June 2017, may represent thymic remnant.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules in the right lower lobe of the thoracic spine. The right hilar node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis in series 4 image 231 is unchanged. No new adenopathy has been reported. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and normal. Pulmonary artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine are observed.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. The thyroid gland has not been affected by thyroid cancer. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules have been found. The right lower lobe of the brain has a tree-in-bud thyroid nodule (3:248) and the left lower lobe has a stable 6 mm nodule. The left upper lobe has an atelectasis of the right middle lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The main pulmonary artery measures 34 mm long and the aortic valve and aortical calcifications have not been found to be abnormal. The aorta is normal and the heart and vessels are normal. Hepatic steatosis has not yet been confirmed. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The review found no evidence of thyroid cancer in the left adrenal glands.
This review of trials found that the heart chambers appear grossly normal in size. There is no evidence of obstruction of the airways. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent with retained secretions in the lower bronchi (for example series 3 image 230), with similar to minimally increased lower lobe distal airway bronchiectasis. No pulmonary nodules greater than 5 mm identified. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The visualized bowel is not obstructed. There were no aggressive osseous lesions or acute bony abnormalities. The brain and spinal cord again have a towering morphology, and osseusous trabeculae are coarse, consistent with nonweightbearing status /neuromuscular disease.
The review authors searched the medical literature and found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or lymph nodes. However, there was a small increase in the number of lymph nodes measuring up to 1 cm in the right upper lobe of the thyroid gland. There was some evidence that the thyroid glands may have been enlarged. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that any of the other parts of the body have been affected. The review authors recommend that further research is done to determine the best treatment for people with thyroid cancer.
This review of trials found that lung and airway thickening was stable and that there was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs. However, there was some evidence that the right lung was thickening and that the left lung was also thickening. There was no clear evidence that there were problems with the aortic or coronary artery calcifications. The right breast was calcified and had calcifications in the right breast. The left breast had calcification in the left breast. There were no problems with heart or vessel calcification. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta and coronary arteries appear to be normal. There is no evidence to suggest that there are problems with other parts of the body.
This review of trials found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs or in the aortic valve. The heart is normal in size. The aorta is normal. The lungs are patent. No evidence of obstruction of the airways or of the pleura. The lymph nodes are normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine were not observed. Moderate-sized coronary artery calcifications and calcification of the valve were observed. No abnormal growth was found in the coronary artery. No pericardial effusion was observed. The findings of this review are up to date as of May 2013.
This review of trials found no evidence of a difference in the size of the aortic and coronary artery calcifications. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The thyroid gland appears to be unremarkable.
