American Airlines Flight 11 was a domestic passenger flight that was hijacked by five al-Qaeda terrorists on the morning of September 11, 2001, as part of the September 11 attacks. The hijacked airliner was deliberately crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City, killing everyone aboard the flight and ensuring the deaths of well over a thousand people who were at, above and one floor beneath the impact zone in addition to causing the demise of more than 200 people below the trapped floors, making it the deadliest of the four suicide attacks executed on the day in terms of both plane and ground fatalities as well as the deadliest plane crash in aviation history. The aircraft involved, a Boeing 767-223ER (registration N334AA) with 92 passengers and crew, was flying American Airlines' daily scheduled morning transcontinental service from Logan International Airport in Boston to Los Angeles International Airport in California.
Fifteen minutes into the flight, the hijackers injured two people, murdered one, and breached the cockpit while forcing the passengers and crew to the rear of the aircraft against their will. The assailants quickly overpowered both the captain and the first officer, allowing lead hijacker Mohamed Atta to take over the controls, having intensively trained as a pilot in the lead-up to the attacks. Air traffic controllers suspected that the flight was in distress because the crew were no longer responding. They realized the plane had been hijacked when Atta's falsely reassuring announcements for the hostages were transmitted to air traffic control instead of the cabin's PA system as intended. In the midst of the hijacking, two flight attendants contacted American Airlines and provided information about the situation as well as casualties suffered by the passengers and crew.
Atta flew the plane into the tower's north face at 08:46 local time. Countless people in the streets of New York City and the nearby state of New Jersey witnessed the strike, but few video recordings captured the moment. Documentary filmmaker Jules Naudet captured the only known footage clearly depicting Flight 11's impact. News agencies began to report on the incident and speculated that the crash had been an accident, an erroneous assumption that was disproven seventeen minutes later when United Airlines Flight 175 was flown into the World Trade Center's South Tower by another group of hijackers.
The crash and subsequent fire caused the North Tower to collapse nearly 102 minutes after the impact, resulting in hundreds of additional casualties. During the recovery effort at the World Trade Center site, workers recovered and identified dozens of remains from Flight 11 victims, but many body fragments could not be identified.
