The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 is a 2014 American dystopian science fiction war film directed by Francis Lawrence from a screenplay by Peter Craig and Danny Strong, based on the 2010 novel Mockingjay by Suzanne Collins. The sequel to The Hunger Games (2012) and The Hunger Games: Catching Fire (2013), it is the third installment in The Hunger Games film series. It stars Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks, Julianne Moore, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Jeffrey Wright, Stanley Tucci, and Donald Sutherland. In the film, Katniss Everdeen (Lawrence) joins Alma Coin (Moore), the renegade leader of the underground District 13, in a mass rebellion against the Capitol.
Development on a third Hunger Games film was announced in May 2012, after Lionsgate announced Collins' novel would be split into two parts. Lawrence was confirmed to return to direct the final two installments that November, which would be filmed back-to-back. Most of the main cast was rounded out by September 2013 when principal photography began, lasting until June 2014, with filming locations including Boston, Atlanta, Los Angeles, Paris, and Berlin. The film faced controversy after its content was used in political protests in 2014 and 2015.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 was theatrically released in the United States on November 21, 2014 to generally positive reviews from critics, with praise for its acting, music, and political subtext, but  criticism for its pacing and the decision to split the novel into two films. It grossed $755 million worldwide, becoming the fifth highest-grossing film of 2014; it set the record for the largest opening day and opening weekend of 2014 and is the second-highest-grossing Hunger Games film.
Among its accolades, Mockingjay – Part 1 was nominated for Best Science Fiction Film at the 41st Saturn Awards, while Lawrence was nominated Best Actress in an Action Movie at the 20th Critics' Choice Awards. The song "Yellow Flicker Beat" by Lorde, the lead single from its soundtrack, was nominated for Best Original Song at the 72nd Golden Globe Awards and Critics' Choice Awards.
It was followed by the main series' final film, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2, in 2015.
