Ipswich ( (listen)) is a town and borough in Suffolk, England, of which it is the county town. The town is located in East Anglia about 9.9 mi (16 km) away from the mouth of the River Orwell and the North Sea.
The town is the third-largest population centre in East Anglia (after Norwich which is 40 mi (64 km) to the north, and Peterborough which is 70 mi (112 km) to the north-west). The town is both on the Great Eastern Main Line railway and the A12 road; it is 67 mi (108 km) north-east of London. The Ipswich built-up area is the fourth-largest in East of England region and the 42nd in England and Wales. It includes the towns of Kesgrave, Woodbridge, Bramford and Martlesham Heath.First recorded during the medieval period as Gippeswic, the town has also been recorded as Gyppewicus and Yppswyche. The town has been occupied continuously since the Saxon period, and is contested to be one of the oldest towns in the United Kingdom. The settlement was of great economic importance to the Kingdom of England throughout its history, particularly in trade, with the town's historical dock (Ipswich Waterfront) known as the largest and most important dock in the kingdom.The town is divided into various quarters, with the town centre and the waterfront drawing the most footfall. The town centre is home to the town's retail shopping and the historic town square, the Cornhill. The waterfront is located south of the town centre on a meander of the River Orwell and is a picturesque setting housing the town's marina. The waterfront is a trendy area of the town housing luxury yachts, and lined with high-rise apartment buildings, restaurants and cafés. The waterfront is also home to the University of Suffolk campus.
Ipswich is surrounded by two Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB): the Suffolk Coast and Heaths and Dedham Vale. The town has a tourist sector with 3.5 million people reported to have visited the town in 2016. In 2020, Ipswich was ranked as an emerging global tourist destination by TripAdvisor.
