The Juilliard School ( JOOL-ee-ard), often abbreviated simply as Juilliard, is a private performing arts conservatory in New York City. Founded by Frank Damrosch as the Institute of Musical Art in 1905, the school later added dance and drama programs and became the Juilliard School, which is named after its principal benefactor Augustus D. Juilliard. Juilliard is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious performing arts schools in the world and ranks among the top schools for performing arts.The Institute of Musical Art, one of the first music schools in the United States with an endowment, was intended to guarantee standardized and high-quality instruction. The Juilliard Musical Foundation, set up by Augustus Juilliard, independently funded and formed the Juilliard Graduate School in 1924. The two schools partially merged two years later. In 1945, President William Schuman fully combined the schools under the Juilliard School of Music; he further introduced academic reforms and helped initiate a dance department in 1951. Under Peter Mennin, the school moved to its current location at the Lincoln Center in 1969, added a drama department the same year, and acquired its current name. Juilliard launched a Jazz program in 2001 and opened the Tianjin Juilliard School, a branch of Juilliard in China, in 2020.
The school is composed of three primary academic divisions: dance, drama, and music, of which the latter is the largest and oldest. Juilliard offers degrees for undergraduate and graduate students and liberal arts courses, non-degree diploma programs for professional artists, and musical training for pre-college students. Juilliard has a single campus at the Lincoln Center for Performing Arts, comprising numerous studio rooms, performance halls, a library with special collections, and a dormitory. It has one of the lowest acceptance rates of schools in the United States. With a total enrollment of about 950 students, Juilliard has several student and faculty ensembles that perform throughout the year, most notably  the Juilliard String Quartet. A Board of Trustees manages the school, which has an approximate $1 billion endowment and provides fellowships and scholarships for select students.Juilliard alumni have won 105 Grammy Awards, 62 Tony Awards, 47 Emmy Awards, and 24 Academy Awards, as well as two EGOTs. Musicians from Juilliard have pursued careers as international virtuosos and concertmasters of professional symphony orchestras. Its alumni and faculty include more than 16 Pulitzer Prize and 12 National Medal of Arts recipients, Classic BRIT Awards, Gramophone Classical Music Awards, Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and  Polar Music Prize awardees, cultural ambassadors, and American Academy of Arts and Sciences and American Philosophical Society members.
