The kris, or keris in the Indonesian languages, is an Indonesian asymmetrical dagger, both weapon and spiritual object, with distinctive blade-patterning achieved through alternating laminations of iron and nickelous iron (pamor). Of Javanese origin, the kris is famous for its distinctive wavy blade, although many have straight blades as well, and is one of the weapons commonly used in the pencak silat martial art, native to Indonesia.
A kris can be divided into three parts: blade (bilah or wilah), hilt (hulu or deder), and sheath (warangka). Each part of the kris is considered a piece of art, often carved in meticulous detail and made from various materials: iron, precious or rare types of wood, gold, or ivory. A kris's aesthetic value covers the dhapur (the form and design of the blade, with around 60 variants), the pamor (the pattern of metal alloy decoration on the blade, with around 250 variants), and tangguh (the age and provenance of the whole). Depending on the quality and historical value of the kris, it can fetch thousands of dollars or more.
Both a weapon and a spiritual object, the kris is often considered to have an essence or presence and to possess magical powers, some blades possessing good luck and others bad. Krises are used as talismans with magical powers, weapons, sanctified heirlooms (pusaka), auxiliary equipment for court soldiers, accessories for ceremonial dress, indicators of social status, symbols of heroism, or simply objets d'art. Legendary krises with supernatural power and extraordinary ability are mentioned in folktales, such as those of Empu Gandring, Taming Sari, and Setan Kober.
The kris is promoted by the Indonesian government as a cultural symbol of Indonesia.: 266  While it is commonly associated with the Javanese within Indonesian society, other ethnic communities are familiar with the weapon as part of their culture, such as the Balinese, Sundanese, Malay, Madurese, Banjar, Buginese, and Makassar people. Kris have been produced in many regions of Indonesia for centuries, but it is particularly associated with the culture of Central Java, as it is embedded in a mutually connected whole of ritual prescriptions and acts, ceremonies, mythical origins, and epic poetry.: 27  In 2005, UNESCO gave the kris the title of Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity from Indonesia.
