Logan City is a local government area situated within the south of the Brisbane metropolitan area in South East Queensland, Australia. Situated between the City of Brisbane to the north and the City of Gold Coast to the south, the City also borders the Scenic Rim Region, the City of Ipswich, and Redland City LGAs. Logan City is divided into 70 suburbs and 12 divisions; a councillor is elected to each of the latter. The council had a population of 326,615 in June 2018.Gaining significant area in 2008 from the amalgamation of parts of the Albert and Beaudesert Shires, Logan City extends north to Priestdale, south to Mundoolun near the Albert River, east to Carbrook at the Logan River, and west to Lyons. Logan City is located across parts of the sub-basin of Oxley Creek, and the Logan and Albert Rivers. The Daisy Hill Koala Centre serves as an example of Logan's prominent bushland, reminiscent of Karawatha Forest, and the Tamborine and Venman Bushland National Parks, that border Logan suburbs.
The region is named after Captain Patrick Logan, as is the aforementioned river, alongside the commercial hubs of Logan Central, Shailer Park's Logan Hyperdome, and Browns Plains. Other populous suburbs include Beenleigh, Rochedale South, Meadowbrook, Springwood, Woodridge, Eagleby and the rural towns of Jimboomba and Logan Village The city facilitates much of the transport between Brisbane and the Gold Coast. Its motorway network is extensive: in the city's north-east, the Logan Motorway joins the Pacific Motorway, while the Mount Lindesay Highway and Sydney–Brisbane rail corridor cross the city along a roughly central north-south axis. New developments are common, particularly those being built at Yarrabilba and Greater Flagstone, while Griffith University has already established a Logan campus in Meadowbrook which is being developed into a specialist area based around health, research and education.In 2016, Luke Smith was elected mayor of Logan. On 2 May 2019, Minister for Local Government Stirling Hinchliffe sacked the Logan City Council after eight of its Councillors and suspended mayor were charged with one count of fraud. The suspended Mayor was also charged with two counts of misconduct. The council was under administration until March 2020 elections.
