Rhys ap Gruffydd, commonly known as The Lord Rhys, in Welsh Yr Arglwydd Rhys (c. 1132 – 28 April 1197) was the ruler of the Welsh kingdom of Deheubarth in south Wales from 1155 to 1197 and native Prince of Wales.It was believed that he usually used the title "Proprietary Prince of Deheubarth" or "Prince of South Wales"; however, two documents have been discovered in which he uses the title "Prince of Wales" or "Prince of the Welsh". Rhys was one of the most successful and powerful Welsh leaders of the Middle Ages, and after the death of the king of Gwynedd, Owain Gwynedd in 1170, he was the dominant power in Wales.Rhys's grandfather, Rhys ap Tewdwr, was king of Deheubarth, and was killed at Brecon in 1093 by Bernard de Neufmarché. Following his death, most of Deheubarth was taken over by the Normans. Rhys' father, Gruffydd ap Rhys, eventually became ruler of a small portion of Deheubarth, and more territory was won back by Rhys' older brothers after Gruffydd's death. Rhys became ruler of Deheubarth in 1155. King Henry II of England invaded Deheubarth in 1163 and stripped Rhys of all his lands; however a few weeks later he was released and given back a small part of his holdings. In response Rhys formed an alliance with Owain Gwynedd and together they successfully repelled another attempted invasion of Wales by Henry in 1165, and he was able to win back his lands.
In 1171 Rhys made peace with King Henry and was confirmed in possession of his lands in Deheubarth as well as being named Justiciar of South Wales. He maintained good relations with King Henry until the latter's death in 1189. Following Henry's death, Rhys rebelled against Richard the Lionheart and attacked the Norman lordships surrounding his territory, capturing a number of castles. In his later years Rhys had trouble keeping control of his sons, particularly Maelgwn and Gruffydd, who maintained a feud with each other. Rhys launched his last campaign against the Normans in 1196 and captured many castles. The following year he died unexpectedly and was buried in St Davids Cathedral.
