The Dudley Boyz (also known as Team 3D) are an American professional wrestling tag team that consisted of kayfabe half-brothers Bubba Ray Dudley and D-Von Dudley. The team was also joined by various Dudley family members, notably Spike Dudley and former valet Stacy Keibler. They are best known for their time in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) where Joel Gertner was their manager. They are also well known for their tenure in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA, now Impact). They are considered one of the major teams that revived tag team wrestling during the Attitude Era and have been described as the greatest and most decorated tag team in professional wrestling history.
The team wrestled as the Dudley Boyz in ECW and WWF/E, and upon joining TNA—Due to WWE owning the rights to their names—they became known as Brother Ray and Brother Devon of Team 3D (named after their finishing move the Dudley Death Drop). Spike Dudley later signed with TNA and again sided with Team 3D as Brother Runt. Later in their TNA career, Brother Ray used the ring name Bully Ray while Brother Devon wrestled as simply Devon. After a brief feud with one another, Devon and Bully Ray were reunited as part of the villainous faction Aces & Eights.
They are the only tag team to hold the WWF, WWE, ECW, WCW, NWA, TNA and IWGP Tag Team Championships, as well as to win the All Japan Pro Wrestling's World's Strongest Tag Determination League (although they never won the AJPW World Tag Team Championship) and are thus regarded among the greatest tag teams of all time. During their time as members of Aces & Eights, Ray was TNA World Heavyweight Champion on two occasions, while Devon was Television Champion. On June 15, 2014, at Slammiversary XII, Team 3D (as a team) were selected as that year's induction into the TNA Hall of Fame. WWE recognizes them as the most decorated tag team in company history, with 18 world tag team championship reigns, while IMPACT Wrestling recognizes them as 23-time world tag team champions. In 2018, the duo was inducted into WWE Hall of Fame, joining Sting, Kurt Angle and Jeff Jarrett (the latter also inducted the same year) as wrestlers who have been inducted into both the TNA and WWE Halls of Fame.
They are famously known for their pioneering use of tables in their matches, usually beginning with Bubba Ray asking D-Von to "get the tables" in the middle of a match. On May 21, 2007, Bubba Ray and D-Von opened the Team 3D Academy of Professional Wrestling and Sports Entertainment at the X-Cel Fitness Gym in Kissimmee, Florida. Longtime pro wrestling journalist Fin Martin of Power Slam, in contemplating the greatest tag team of all time, wrote: "If one were to base his decision on longevity, title wins and success in a variety of companies, The Dudley Boyz would get the nod".
