Warriors (also known as Warrior Cats) is a series of novels based on the adventures and drama of multiple Clans of feral cats. The series is primarily set in fictional forests. Published by HarperCollins, the series is written by authors Kate Cary and Cherith Baldry, as well as others, under the collective pseudonym Erin Hunter. The concept and plot of the pilot series was developed by series editor Victoria Holmes.
There are currently eight sub-series, each containing six books. The first, Warriors: The Prophecies Begin, was published from 2003 to 2004. It details the adventures of a "kittypet" (housecat) named Rusty who joins ThunderClan, one of the warrior cat clans who inhabit the forest. Warriors: The New Prophecy (2005–2006) continues with a focus on the next generation of cats, and chronicles the four Clans' journey to a new home.
The third sub-series, Power of Three (2007–2009), centers around three prophesied cats with extraordinary powers, and the fourth sub-series, Omen of the Stars (2009–2012) details said cats using their powers to defeat evil spirit cats. The fifth sub-series, Dawn of the Clans (2013–2015) details the formation of the Clans. The sixth sub-series, A Vision of Shadows (2016–2018) details the return of a lost Clan as well as a troublesome group of outsiders. The seventh sub-series, The Broken Code (2019–2021), focuses on the cats' connection to their religion, and what happens when they are cut off from it by a vengeful spirit. The eighth sub-series is titled A Starless Clan. The first book, River, was released on 5 April 2022. It centers around the Clans rewriting the rules they live by.
Other books have been released in addition to the main series, including 14 lengthier stand-alone "Super Edition" novels, several e-book novellas later published in seven print compilations, seven guide books, and several volumes of original English-language manga, initially produced as a collaboration between HarperCollins and Tokyopop. The series has also been translated into several languages.
Major themes in the series include adventure, forbidden love, the concept of nature vs. nurture, acceptance, the struggle of good vs. evil, the reactions of different faiths meeting each other, and all people being a mix of good and bad. The authors draw inspiration from several natural locations, and other authors such as J. R. R. Tolkien, J. K. Rowling, and William Shakespeare.
Warriors has received mostly positive reviews, but it has also been criticized for being confusing due to its large number of characters and complex relationships. Critics have compared it to Brian Jacques's Redwall series, although Warriors is written for a lower reading level. Although nominated for several awards, the series has not received any major literary prizes. However, several novels in the series have reached the New York Times Best Seller list, and the series has found popularity in many countries.
