Buddhist Tzu Chi Charity Foundation, known for short as the Tzu Chi Foundation (Chinese: 佛教慈濟慈善事業基金會; pinyin: Fójiào Cí Jì Císhàn Shìyè Jījīn Huì; lit. 'Buddhist Compassionate Relief Charity Foundation'), is a Taiwanese international humanitarian and nongovernmental organization (NGO). The foundation has several sub-organizations such as the Tzu Chi International Medical Association (TIMA) and also the Tzu Chi Collegiate Youth Association (Tzu Ching) (Chinese: 慈濟大專靑年聯誼會 (慈靑)). Tzu Chi volunteers and relief workers are mostly recognizable by their blue and white uniforms called, in Chinese: 藍天白雲; lit. "blue sky, white clouds"). The foundation's work includes medical aid, disaster relief, and environmental work such as recycling. It is operated by a worldwide network of volunteers and employees and has been awarded a special consultative status at the United Nations Economic and Social Council. It has also been appointed as a co-chair of the UN Inter-agency Task Force on Religion and Sustainable Development's Multi-Faith Advisory Council for 2022-2023.The Tzu Chi Foundation was founded by Cheng Yen, a Taiwanese Buddhist nun, or bhikkhuni, in 1966 as a Buddhist humanitarian organization. The organization began as a group of thirty housewives who saved money for needy families. Tzu Chi gradually expanded its services over time, opening a free medical clinic in 1972 and building its first hospital in 1986. The organization underwent a rapid expansion in the late 1980s and early 1990s, coinciding with a surge of popularity in Humanistic Buddhism in Taiwan. In the 1990s the organization started major international disaster relief efforts. Tzu Chi is known for undertaking long-term projects such as building new homes, schools, hospitals, and places of worship (including churches and mosques for non-Buddhists) for victims following a disaster. As of 2013, the organization was estimated at over 10 million members worldwide throughout 47 countries.
Tzu Chi has a policy of being secular in its humanitarian work; however Buddhist teachings are often integrated into its practices for volunteers. Cheng Yen is considered to be one of the "Four Heavenly Kings" of Taiwanese Buddhism, and Tzu Chi itself is considered to be one of the "Four Great Mountains", or four major Buddhist organizations of Taiwan along with Fo Guang Shan, Dharma Drum Mountain, and Chung Tai Shan.
