one side of the armed conflicts is made up of the sudanese army and the janjaweed, a group of soldiers from the afro-arab abbala tribe of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the main gate to mecca, islam's holy city, which able-bodied muslims are required to go to at least once in their life.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune.
his next work, saturday, is an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
the tarantula, the trickster character, grabbed a black cord and dragged it away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
there he died six weeks later, on 13 january 888.
they are like the coastal peoples of papua new guinea.
since 2000, the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000.
following the drummer are dancer, who often play the sogo -lrb- a small drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more sophisticated — even acrobatic — danceography.
the spacecraft is made up of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomers, giovanni domenico cassini, and the esa huygens probe.
alessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola is an italian former football player.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a ba in science.
however, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as is in favor of a vote about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the 19th century, with european settlement.
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
in its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
admission to tsinghua is very competitive.
today nrc is organised as an independent, private foundation.
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea, where it surrounds the city of stralsund.
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
for example, king bhumibol was born on monday, so on his last day in thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
1. both names became lost in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland.
nevertheless, tagore emulated many styles, including craft work from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb-, and wood cuts by max pechstein.
on october 14, 1960, presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace group on the steps of michigan union.
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
perry saturn -lrb- withterri -rrb- won the wwf european championship by beating eddie guerrero.
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband came back to france.
1. despina was discovered in late july, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia.
he also completed two collection of short stories called the ribbajack & other interesting yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus.
the british decided to end him and take the land by force.
some towns on the eyre road in the south-east area of western australia, between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna, do not follow official western australsian time.
in architecture, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays, which have been to be used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include roman city, rollover hills and roll hills.
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
it is not actually a true louse.
he supports the use of a user-based design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream design process.
it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrators who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
1. working group i : evaluate scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner he brides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of hisbrides.
orton and his wife welcomes alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008.
the minor planet center, a branch of the iau, oversees the formal minor planet designations.
by early on september 30, wind shear began to increase and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugger of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result, although many mosques will not make it so that both men and women when going to a mosque must follow these rules.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques, published in 1991.
1. ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july, 1988 -rrb- is a player for the guinness premier.
like previous reports, it is made up of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris, and their son-in-law, who was named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
this card was still the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria's reign, and huge amounts were printed.
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion called the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan -lrb- related to the small intestine -rrb- that can be found in small intestia and giardia duodenalis.
aside from this, cameron has often worked in christian-based films, among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie, left behind ii : tribulation force, and left in : world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck " williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river, later sometimes called " prussia proper ".
he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew, which is also known as gospel of luke.
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immodate behaviour.
so far, the'star'episodes have included vict reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon gregson, sue cleaver, carol thatcher, paul o'grady and lee ryan.
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show, host by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
on 16 june 2009, the official release date of the fight was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of the boyband 183 club.
the australian tradition, attributed to the theology-based hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the song in christian agape feasts.
in return, rollo gave fealty to charles, converted to christianity, and tried to defend the northern area of france against the incursions of other viking groups.
it is derived from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english.
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven small one, presented to him by 10-year-old actress shirley temple.
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden, switzerland.
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic.
this leads to confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 -rrb- pages are referred to as 1 mb or 1 mib.
the event has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship.
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
seventh son have strong " knacks " -lrb- specific magical abilities -rrb-, and seventh son of seventh son are both extremely rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software shows the 2009 version's 51 second install time, 32 second time, and 7 mb memory use.
volterra is a town in the tuscany area of italy.
historically, the feelings of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that it has many features in common with pain, but shows important differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ant and termites, which are attached to it.
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials.
there are pictures of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former ipswich town and england managers, outside the ground.
1. take the square root of the variance.
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france.
if there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, converting it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid.
it is also a starting point for people who want to go to cook town, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous.
1. no one of the authors can be responsible for the use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george, electors of hanover -lrb- who eventually became george i of great britain -rrb-.
their eyes are quite small, and their sense of sight is poor.
they are rivaled as biological materials in strength only by chitin.
oregano is an important ingredient in greek food.
tickets can be used for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on oyster card.
these works he made and published himself, while his much larger woodcut were mostly commissioned work.
the historical method includes the techniques and rules by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
the weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is thought to be a part of the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 90,148.
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled allitacy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but not doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic chemical compound used as a drug.
it will then break up itself and sink back to the river bed in order to eat its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trust, and / or care about.
1. today, landis'father has become a strong supporter of his son and views himself as one of floyd's biggest fans.
the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged after attaining category 4 status.
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure -lrb- 1911 -rrb-, under the names of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in london, devoting his time and resources to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food stores, a food-style food-based business, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
in 1438, trevi passed in the church as part of the legation of perugia, and in the year 1860, its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then with the united kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation with no convection, and dissipated the next day over brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york -lrb- house or house / house -rrb- police department was a law enforcement -lrB- a group of men in charge of a company or group of people who was in control of a state or territory -rrB- agency in new yew city that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the current group of the band has flynn -lrb- vocals, guitar -rrb-, duce is a bass player, phil demmel is a guitar player and dave mcclain is a drum player.
advocacy countries with a small number of muslim people are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic use.
the characters are foul-mouthed changes of their earlier characters pete and dud.
johan was the first bassist of the swedish power metal band, but quit before the band released a studio album.
in 1998, culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was defeated.
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes, the difference being a single first-place vote.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law, and starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their early migration, and his separation from them.
the female equal is a daughter.
in april 1999, he was treated with inoperable cancer.
prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitors centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later on in charge of mutiny and rebellion for their roles in the 1979 and 1980 gwangju massacre.
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia.
because the people who own these computers do not know what they are doing, these computers are like zombies.
the wave traveled across the atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13.
for example, the style book of the related press is changed each year.
the four canonical text are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, bible of luke and gospel of john, probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb-
since the end of the 19th century, shibronn is well known for its manufacturing industry.
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
unlike the cloud on earth, however, they are made up of crystal of ice, neptune's cirrus cloud.
their involvement is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
the stable releases are rare, but there are often subversions which are stable enough to use.
in 1482 the order sent him to florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years, the bolshevikers demolished two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichovan -lr b- 1783-1807 -rr b-.
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, spain and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was shown in the miller-urey test by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953.
cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power, chp -rrb- is the use of a heat motor or a power station to create both electricity and useful heat.
the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den, the reason for this is unclear.
a wikipedia -lrb- or a css -rrb- is a web-based device that can be used just by looking at an option in your wikipedia preferences.
1. below are some useful links to help your involvement.
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
james i appointed him as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said that he may not accept it.
1. later, esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if esperoa is not adopted by the united nations or other countries.
1. dry air covering around the southern edge of the cyclone made most of the deep convection by early on september 12.
calvin baker is an american writer.
1. eva anna braun, died eva paula hitler -lrb- 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 -rrb- was the long-time companion and, for a short time, wife of adolf hitler.
each version of the license is given a different number.
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user will have to set a name before being connected.
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest known airplane mechanic in new york.
1. summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment, which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
a few animals have a change of color, changing color in changing places, either seasonally -lrb- ermine, snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more quickly with the cephalopod family -rrB-.
1. val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf inter continental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- venis hit tazz with a tv camera.
this closely looks like the unix philosophy of having more than one program, each doing one thing well and working together over universal links.
he came from a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
the largest population of mennonites are in canada, democratic republic of congo and the u.s., but mennonite can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the people of those countries.
naas is a major " dublin area " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
acanthopholis's weapons were made of metalic plates set almost directly into the skin, with sharp cuts from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
1. origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia, newberry and laurens railroad.
1. as a result, bills proposed by the law group, and agreement bills, start in the house of lords.
in the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia, vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital.
1. you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passing -lrb- from one place to the end -rrb- of the list of cover text in the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale -lrb- place where a lot of people buried him -rrb- in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the flexible skin found in the hollow inside of bones.
refation nebulae are usually blue because the spreading is more effective for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sun sets -rrb-.
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france, in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur.
1. macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later caught by something -lrb- usually involved in his personal life -rrb- that makes him run out of time.
this was very close to the end of the movement, and yvonne loriod took care of the final movement with help from george benjamin.
1. shikka'a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holy cities after mecc, medina, jerusalem and najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the government of thaksin shamin, samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat.
however, travel through very lonely areas, on lonely tracks, needs advance planning and a suitable vehicle -lrb- usually a four wheel drive -rrb-.
while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 2828.
he does not like that he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schoen leave.
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands that were influenced by the 1960s and 1970s.
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade.
the sheppard line now has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
it has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in europe, and the largest in the world.
in december, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the best among the nations by the state of israel.
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter -lrb- possibly stubs -rrb- and of less quality.
about 95 species are now accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
1. terms such as " undies " for undie and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in english.
jurisdation comes from public law, conflict of laws, constitution law and the powers of the executive and government to give resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this with many other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha, overture to the song ofhiawath and hiawa's departure.
the capital of the state is aracaju -lrb- pop.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male allies for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called " the principles of the film ".
the lawyer, brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb-, became his best friend, and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales, australia in cabonne shire.
1. military career donaldson joined in the australian army on 18 june 2002.
prospectors from california, europe and china were also going along the peel river and up the mountain slopes.
before the start of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used math tool in science and engineering.
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to- speech option to read the text -lrb- or to write -rrb-, and overall weight of the text reduced from 0.8 to 0.1 millimeters -rrB-.
1. yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacteria fermentation of milk.
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltender have been inducted.
1. alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb-, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album, however, was barred from many record stores around the world.
the legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the knee.
in late 2004, suleman made news by cutting howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations, saying that he was going to move to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened two times as many canadian companies as mcdonald's " wendy's confirmed tim hortons ipo by march ", ottawa business journal, december 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpass those of mcald's canadian operations as of 2002.
1. plot captain caleb holt -lrb- kirk cameron -rrb- is a fireman in albany, georgia and keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote.
the plant is thought of as a living fossil.
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia.
orchestration stravinsky first thought of of writing the ballet in 1913.
theprotests across the nation were not allowed.
offenbach's many operettas, such as orpheus in the earth's and la belle hélène, were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860's.
roof tile from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the old city of chang'an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb-.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13, 1921 november 11, 1968 -rrb-, was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was almost impossible to control.
santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb-, the first church in assisi.
some of the key things that can be seen on the radio are a very simple iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a magazine that covers the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries around the world.
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche harbours the install of onyx, the swiss -lrb- place where people gather -rrb- system for electronic intelligence gathering.
a matchbook is a small boxer -lrb- matchcover -rrb- containing a large amount of matches and having a striking surface on the outer.
she was one of the first doctors to say that they did not like that people smoked around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
she said that she would not let the judges do away with the commune, and told them to send her to death.
oel manga series graystripe's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following greystripe, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the view.
1. samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb-, p. 84 syrians did not congregate in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddler were able to talk with americans on a daily basis.
he was also famous for his print covers, book covers, posters, and garden metalworks.
she suffered from collapsed lungs two times a year, a ruptured and had a cyst.
1. dr. david lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nests boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically safe, for protecting hollow- dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, quebec, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the term gribble was first given to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum.
the wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeon or blunt-force injury.
thereafter the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet achieved a quadruple axel in competition.
from the phone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military buildings on the harbour.
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of prayer, there are still rules that apply.
it is described as pointing in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
1. computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
some of the largest reservoir in the world can be found along the volga.
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the area.
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
1. bankers from shore bank, a community development bank in chicago, helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation.
1. bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
the all-star team at the end of the regular season is represented by the professional hockey writers'association.
tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistani to the south and the people's republic of china to the east.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, inc.
notable features of the design include key- dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key scheduling.
iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february, 1987 in jwaneng, botswana -rrb- is a back-rower for the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
the quark model was proposed by physicist murray gellmann and george zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the table was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own government, separate from west germany's, which issued its own mail cards until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandrobotticelli, c. 1482.
1. new south wales's largest city and capital is sydney.
the polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the end of the printed magazine.
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fight for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years, living in many places and roving through towns with groups of other poor children.
1. Stands were added to each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
a bastion on the east was built later.
events europe july 29 — fight of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldsson loses to his sacred vassals and is killed in the battle.
others have thought that tresca was killed off by the nkvd as revenge for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union.
this led to both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries.
the use of web pages and css is very short and only with good reason.
schuschnigg quickly said that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a town in the london borough of croydon, england.
1. depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of person is that of a person who lives in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a person, sometimes this is restricted to people who elected the politician.
1. prunk is a member of the institue of european history in mainz, and a senior fellow of the center forEuropean -lrb- a group of people who works at the same time -rrb- studies in bonn.
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead, the crew made a car with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hoverscraft " and shot the scene while going up templin highway north of santa clarita.
the conference papers were published the next year in a book microeconomical foundations of work and money-based theory by phelps et al.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with the super mario land 3 series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
a history has said that " it was quinine's efficacy that gave people fresh opportunities to go to the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicate rather a stony surface composition.
she became the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial air.
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich.
these are the best habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty, the turkish and afghan governor descended from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608.
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she keeps the support of the lower house.
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery, and by getting back cedric's corpse, he shows selflessness and compassion.
on june 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a long shooting in frankfurt.
they formed new music manchester, a group committed to modern music.
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys, as a storm rush of about 18 to 20 feet affected the area.
it is now the site of meher baba's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- as well as facilities and places for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
salem is a town in essex county, massachusetts, usa.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean, about 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico.
therefore, these pages can not be distributed without further changes if they contain images.
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed raid while in the company of frank gardiner.
1. heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5, causing a lot of flooding.
1. version 2009.1 provides a device that can be used to create a live tube, where the user's design and personal data can be taken care of if desired.
in close to the parties's strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members, christian democratic people's party, 2 people, and swiss person's person.
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, researcher, or other member of a learned job.
ohio state's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
in other changes, both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway, but scotland was able to get rid of a norse invasion and get a peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", can't stop ", dosed " and " all over the world ".
in april 2000, minix became free / open source software under a free free software license, but by this time other operating systems had reached its ability, and it was still an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was mainly a scottish business, as symbolised by its thistle symbol, the flower emblem of scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose got stronger, before being canceled soon after the landfall of september 23.
in august 2003, the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commander confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guard during the initial stages of combat.
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertations, and can help historians think what the film may have been like.
that is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as a loan to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
he ran away from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
in anddan went to the police camp, forcing them to give up their weapons.
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
in a short video promoting the charity equal now joss whedon said that " fray is not done ", he is coming back.
a mutant is a type of made-up character that appears in comics published by comics.
the sat reasoning test -lrb- formerly scholastic test and scholasia test -rrb- is a standardized test for college admission in the u.s.
in northern italy, the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitial songs sung by the flagellants.
some reports read that various factors increase the chance of both lack of sleep and nervousness.
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years.
waugh wrote that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall... which opened on an enclosed and magical garden ", a symbol that tells of the work on a number of levels.
her bad friendship with the russian saint grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
the term -lrb- or -rrb- refers to anatomical structures that are either placed toward or grow off that side of an animal.
the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius, after muler observed that all protein seemed to have the same scientific fact-based formula and might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecules.
after the jerilderie raid, the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france.
1. color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert.
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest sub-area in mesoamerica, it encompassed a large and varied area, from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the non-arid plains of northern yucatán.
1. google then made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official website along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register a name with the college, where they are careful internallyaudited and need official proof before being changed.
the book, political economy, was published in 1985, but had limited school adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever show in the soviet union, with concerts in moscow and leningrad, and toured again in 1994, in china and india.
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm, reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and killing 10,000 people on the winners.
it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria, and a centre for the production and import of groundnuts.
a large number of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu and tulu.
meteora earned the band multiple awards and awards.
after a brief stand-off, the wwf horse turned around and attacked kane and jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. Sherman.
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complex, and two residence hall.
winchester is a town in scott county, illinois, usa.
1. name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name that ends in -ka formed from a name that is a part of the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the anrians to part of lake van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can then be designed and used in less severe -lrb- so you can not see bones -rrb- places.
gimnasia hired first famous colombian trainer francisco maturana, and then julio céar falcioni, but both had limited success.
brighton is a town in washington county, iowa, usa.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem.
on june 24 1979 -lrb- the 750th year of the village -rrb-, glinde got its town certificate.
pauline came back in the game boy remake of the kong in 1994, and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006, although the character is now called " mario's friend ".
the vagina is really elastic and extends to many times its normal diameter during the birth of a baby.
his real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
this measurement shows how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to stop a given biological process -lrb- or part of a process -rrb- by half.
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland area of the canton of bern, parts of the alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg and vaud.
there he had one daughter, later baptized as mary ann fisher power, to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power.
during an interview, edward gorey said that bawden was one of his most famous artist, saying that not many people remember or know about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle : egluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the hunt.
