This review found that there is a need for a change in the way in which obese teenagers are taught about healthy eating and exercise habits, but not enough is known about how to help them lose weight.
The liver may be enlarged, hard, or tender; massive hepatomegaly with easily palpable nodules is a sign of advanced disease.
This is a condition in which the urine stream is reduced in size and force. The stream does not flow as well as it used to, but is still there. Urinary leakage may occur at any time of day or night. This may be due to a lack of emptying or rapid refilling of the bladder.
Desmopressin is a type of antiseptic used to treat the skin rash caused by eczema.
Some patients have weight loss, rarely to become underweight. Anemia, glossitis, angular stomatitis, and aphthous ulcers are usually seen in these patients.
A blockage of the carotid artery can lead to a loss of blood flow to the brain. This blockage can cause dizziness, syncope, orthostatic hypotension, headaches, shortness of breath, and stroke-like symptoms. There is no known cause for this blockage.
A suctioning tube is a tube that is inserted through the baby's windpipe and suctioned meconium (meconium) through a hole in the baby's windpipe. This tube is used to help the baby breathe when there is a problem with his or her airway.
Lupus erythematosus tumidus is a tumour of the stomach caused by lupus.The tumour may be of any size or form, but is most often of the tumour that forms around the lining of the pancreas.There is no known cause for this tumour.
This is a type of chemical reaction in which a chemical reaction takes place in the body that is not caused by any cause other than the cause of the reaction, such as a change in the amount of oxygen in the blood.
This is a type of excision in which the excision is made to remove the tumour but the incision does not heal completely. The incision is left with a small amount of scar tissue, but this does not mean that the incisions do not heal.
This review found that the risk of developing lacrimation (scarring of the eyelid at the back of the eye) is low, but that there may be some side effects such as redness, eye ache, feeling of a foreign body sensation, photophobia, and photophobia.
In the most severe form (called malignant yellow fever), delirium, intractable hiccups, seizures, coma, and multiple organ failure may occur.
Allergic conjunctivitis is a virus that causes itching, redness, swelling and swelling of the eyelid and/or conjunctival area. It may be caused by a virus or by a bacterial or fungal cause.
Ankles, knees, elbows, and wrists are usually involved.
In a few patients, the first signs of hepatocellular carcinoma are bloody ascites, shock, or peritonitis, caused by hemorrhage of the tumor.
This is a type of chemical reaction in which carbon is broken down to carbonyl-bisphosphonate and oxygen is converted back to carbon.
This is a species of venomous bacterium that lives in the body of a bacterium found in the upper chambers of the blood stream of the brain of the human body. This bacterium is thought to be able to make a special type of venom, and to make slime, but also to play a role in other aspects of the body such as growth and development, temperature regulation, ionic balance and other parts of homeostasis.
This review is up-to-date as of March 2017.
This is a good way to find out if someone is 'oliguric' - that is, if they are able to eat and drink normally but not at the same time. Many patients are not able to do this.
During the acute phase, adult worms in the intestine may cause colicky epigastric pain, anorexia, flatulence, diarrhea, and weight loss.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is a tumour of the liver that develops in 10 to 15% of patients with alcoholic cirrhosis.
People with FMF may have chest pain, pain in one or both of the shoulders, or both shoulders, and neck pain. There may be swelling of the chest or neck and there may be pain in both arms and legs. There is no known cause for the chest pain. Other manifestations of FMF include acute pleurisy (in 30 %), arthritis (in 25 %), usually involving the knee, ankle, and hip; an erysipelas - like rash of the lower leg; and scrotal swelling and pain caused by inflammation of the tunica vaginalis of the testis. Pericarditis occurs very rarely.
This is a type of lymphocytopenia in which is caused by a tumour of the lymphocytes (lungs) that has not been cleared from the body.
The most important long-term complication of FMF is chronic renal failure caused by deposition of amyloid protein in the kidneys.
A cycloaddition is a type of chemical reaction in which both the DA and dipolar reactions are combined.In this type of reaction, the DA reaction and the dipolar reaction both become a [ 4+2 ] cycle.
The neonatal neonatal ICU is a specialised neonatal intensive care unit in the neonatal ward of a tertiary hospital. Intubation and CPAP are used when a neonatal ventilator is not able to provide adequate ventilation and admission to the ICU as needed.
One of the most well-known members of the Burdett-Coutts family, the 1st Baroness Burdetett, died of bronchitis at her home on Stratton Street in Piccadilly.
If no symptoms develop in the first 6 days after eating the fish, the risk of death from the fish is very low.
People with Alzheimer's are at risk for developing Alzheimer's because of a range of factors, some of which are known to cause Alzheimer's. These are: age (e.g. 65 years old or over), brain disorders (eg, Alzheimer's, dementia, stroke, Parkinson's, and Alzheimer's), age of 65 years or more, advanced age, impaired vision or hearing, use of drugs (drugs, alcohol, and other medicines), use of catheters (catheters are devices that help to open up the bladder and help patients to pass urine), hospitalization, pain, sleep loss, and emotional stress.
VWF replacement when the time comes, and we will deal with it as and when we need to.
After the prodrome, maculopapular lesions develop on the oropharyngeal mucosa, face, and arms, spreading to the trunk and legs.
Many males with breast cancer have inherited a BRCA mutation, but there are other causes, such as alcohol abuse and exposure to certain hormones and ionizing radiation.
This is not the first time that a ship has been reported to have been seen off the coast of the Faroe Islands, but it is thought to be more than 100 years old and one of the oldest in the world. It is believed to date back to the 18th Century and has been used for sealing in the area for thousands of years.
A PET scan is a type of X-ray that is used to look inside the body to see if there is any sign of cancer in the tumour.It is usually done to assess the extent of the cancer and to look at the lymphatics (lungs) of the body.
Molds have been found in some parts of the world, but the cause of this is not known. Molds are thought to be caused by many sources, such as molds and molds, as well as by some types of building materials and air pollution from the air around them.
This review found that the body mass index (BMI) does not predict the risk of heart and vascular problems as well as BMI does, but that BMI can predict risk of these problems.
Chromical venous insufficiency may not cause any symptoms but may cause signs; postphlebitic syndrome always causes symptoms.
If there is no mass but cancer is suspected or if other tests are not clear, the first step is to have a chest X-ray to see if there is a mass. If the X-rays show no mass, then a mammogram is carried out to look for a tumour.
Sections of the cervix or perineum can be caused by perineal, epididymal, or prostate (prostaglandin A) lesions.
Inflammatory breast cancer is a type of breast cancer that develops in the breast and spread to other parts of the body. The tumour may be of any type, but is most often of the breast, often without a mass, and the breast may be too large to be seen from the breast. The breast may also become inflamed from the neck down. There is no cure for this type of cancer, but the risk of recurrences is low.
The eyelid margin is the margin between the eyelashes and the lash follicles and the meibomian glands. It is thought to be caused by a bacterial infection (usually staphylococcal) of the eyelid, but it may also be due to a virus (eg, herpes simplex, varicella zoster). The eyelash margin is also involved in the growth of eyelash follicles (meibomians) and the eyelash muscle (the lash follicle). There is no cure for ulcerative blepharitis.
This is a type of cirrhosis in which there is a loss of blood flow to the body from the liver to the other parts of the body. The liver is usually small; when the liver is enlarged, hepatic steatosis or hepatocellular carcinoma (Hepatoma) may be a cause of concern.
This review found that there are a number of tests that can be used to assess the risk of a tumour in the esophagus. These tests have been used in the past and may be of benefit in the case of patients with gastric or esophageal cancer. However, there is a risk of bias in the use of these tests.
Endotracheal intubation and continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) are used to help open the airways and help the airway to open and open the windpipe.
In adults, the body mass index (BMI) is a measure of body fat and is used to screen for overweight or obesity. In adults, BMI, defined as weight (kg) divided by the square of the height (m2), is a tool used to assess body fat.
Breast pain is usually caused by a mass or breast pain, but can be caused by any cause. If breast pain is not caused by breast cancer, it may be due to a tumour originating in the breast or the nipple. Breast pain can be a sign that the breast is inflamed or inflamed, or that there is a problem with the breast that needs to be addressed.
A colonoscopy is a test to look inside the colon to see if there is any blood in the colon and to look for signs of cancer. If there is no sign of cancer, there is a chance that there may be a tumour, but this is not known to be caused by the colon.
A feeling of scratchiness or of a foreign body may be caused by either a conjunctival or a corneal disorder.
This is an overview of treatments for arrhythmias. Rhythmias are disturbances in the rhythm of the heart that can lead to heart rhythm problems and stroke.
Vasculitis may be a complication of thrombocytopenia. It may be caused by blood clots in the veins of the hands and feet, or the nails, or both. It is not known if it is caused by a clot in the blood or not. Treatment with anticoagulants or antifungals may be required.
Disseminated gonococcal infection (DGI) is a type of bacteremia that is caused by the bacterium gonococcus (Gnococcus) and can cause fever, pain, and swelling of the joints (polyarthritis). It can be caused by a virus (gastrocyte in one case, and lymph nodes in the other) or by the body's own immune system (meningococcemia). In some patients, pain develops and tendons (eg, at the wrist or ankle) redden or swell. There is no cure for DGI.
Plainly, the planar molecule has a planar-like structure, but the tip of the molecule can be broken away from the rest of the structure by the addition of a small hole in the surface of the cell wall.This allows the nucleophilic attack to be carried out.
This is an overview of breathing problems in children with bronchiolitis. Breathing problems can occur when a child's airways open too wide, causing the lungs to close and the child to breathe too slowly. This may be a sign of a lung or airway obstruction. The child may breathe too fast and may have a shortness of breath. If this is the case, the child may sit upright, lean forward, and hyperextend the neck with the jaw thrusting forward and mouth open in an effort to open the airways in an attempt to increase air exchange (tripod position). If this does not help, there is a chance that the child will die.
Respiratory stimulants (eg, caffeine) are drugs that increase the rate of breathing in the lungs.
This review found that boron trifluoride, zinc chloride, iron (III ) chloride, and iron (II ) chloride are some of the most well-known and well-treatable platinum-based catalysts.
However, a positive test for blood can result from nonmalignant disorders (eg, ulcers, diverticulosis), and a negative test does not rule out cancer due to the fact that cancers do not bleed.
People with macular oedema (blindness) in one eye may be able to tell light from dark in the other eye.
For patients with type 1 and some types of type 2 VWD, desmopressin, an analog of vasopressin (antidiuretic hormone) that stimulates release of VWF into the blood and may increase levels of factor VIII, can be helpful. Desmopressins may be as effective as IV treatment and is often used to stop bleeding during minor surgery. In type 2A, giving patients a test dose and measuring the response of the body to the drug can be done.
Osteomyelitis (inflammation of the bone) is a disease caused by fungi and mycobacteria that can be caused by the presence of these organisms in the bone.
Intermittent swelling and pain in a few large joints, especially the knees, typically recur for several years.
Vital signs should be reviewed for the presence of tachypnea and fever.
This is a book about the life and work of a factory and factory worker from the US state of New York in the 1980s. It is based on the experiences of hundreds of people who worked in the factory and found that the conditions were so poor that they could not afford to eat, drink, or sleep well.
Warts are a type of human papillomavirus (HPV) that causes warts to spread to other parts of the body. HPV is the human placenta and is thought to be involved in the growth of many types of warts. Warts are caused by this type of virus and can be caused by many different types of HPV.
Vomit is a severe stomach upset that can lead to vomiting, diarrhoea, and sometimes even death in children and adults. It can cause the body to break down and make the body's electrolyte imbalance worse.
This review found that chronic pain (> 2 to 3 weeks) is the most common cause of otitis in otitis externa. Also with chronic pain, a tumor must be considered, particularly in older patients and if the pain is associated with ear drainage.
Children who bite or suck on extension cords can burn their mouth and lips.
This is a type of variola major that is caused by variola (scarring of the skin) caused by the variola muscle (variola major is a disease of the variole and variola is a cancer of the cervix (muscle).It is thought that variola may be caused by a tumour of the villous villus, but the cause of this is not known.People with variola are at risk for developing either a malignant or a non-malignant form of the disease.
Sucking out the pus with a needle is often not as easy as it sounds.
Rheumatic disorders are a type of rheumatoid condition in which the body's immune system, which is thought to be the 'warrior' of the body, fights off the infection. Rheumatic diseases can be caused by a wide range of diseases, but the most well-known are rheumatic fever and rheumatism.
This is the first of a series of articles on the history of eugenics in which the author, a well-known eugenicist and eugenicist, addresses the question of whether or not a woman can give birth to a child of genius. In the first part of the series, he was a strong eugenist, but now he no longer is.
After 1 or 2 days, the cutaneous lesions become vesicular, then pustular.
Sulfolene is a chemical reaction in which sultine is converted to sulfolene through a cheletropic (low-temperature) reaction.
Rheumatic fever is a fungal infection caused by streptococcal (ococcal) bacteria that can cause rheumatoid (scarring and swelling of the joints and feet) of the hands and feet. It can be caused by a virus or bacteria in the urine. The symptoms of rheumatism are usually mild and last for about two to three weeks.
This is a type of freckle that is caused by exposure to the sun. These freckles may be on the face, arms or shoulders, or both.
Animal hoarding is a form of hoarding disorder in which is characterized by the accumulation of a large number of animals and poor care of these animals.
In his Nobel lecture, Lewis said that comparisons of the (genes) in the animal kingdom should provide a picture of how the organisms, as well as the ( control genes ) have evolved.
This is a type of cystic fibronectin which is a tumour of the pancreas that can be caused by the growth of a cyst or cystophlebitis.
Infection of the brain is caused by a type of prion called a prion.
After a few days spent in a search for fuel to feed the ship's stoves, Morrell sailed southwards on 6 March, into the area later known as the Weddell Sea.
In 2010 at the first meeting of the States Parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological ( Biological ) and Toxin Weapons and Their Destruction in Geneva the sanitary epidemioprecision was suggested as well-tested means for enhancing the monitoring of infections and parasites.
This is a type of paroxysmal pain that is caused by a nerve in the neck of the vocal cords. It is thought to be caused by damage to the glossopharyngeal (grip) muscle.
This is a group of lichens which are the result of an association between a fungus and an alga.
Urine culture is a test to see if there are any bacteria in the urine. If there is any, the culture will be sent to a laboratory to be grown and the bacteria will be grown in a culture. If the culture does not show any signs of bacteria, it will not be grown.
Many people who develop secondary syphilis ( 40-85% of women, 20-65% of men ) do not have had the classic chancre of primary syphilis.
About 10% of people with high blood pressure will have gout at some point in their lifetimes.
Bruises can lead to bleeding in the brain and other parts of the body, such as the brain, lungs, and lungs. They can also lead to other more life-threatening forms of hematoma (hematoma), such as ulcers and ulcers of the blood vessels.
Moles should be looked at closely to see if there are any signs of melanoma (skin cancer) or other types of cancer in the mole. Moles should also be looked for signs of inflammation in the skin surrounding the mole, with possible bleeding, ulceration, itching, or tenderness.
Both men and women may have reduced fertility. Men may not have ovaries or fall ovaries, and there may not be periods of menstruation.
People with cystic fibromyalgia are at risk of having a flare-up of the condition if they have not had a course of antibiotics for at least six months.
The brain is the part of the spinal cord that carries the messages from the brain to the brain, and is thought to be involved in the control of thoughts and actions.
A type of skis called a sit-skis has been developed for skiers with a form of paraplegia.
Infections of the prostate, bladder, or seminal vesicles can lead to intense burning or itching sensations following ejaculation.
This is an overview of wind shear.Wind shear is a problem that can affect the performance of windsurfers.
This is a type of peat that has been found in many parts of the world but not in this area.
Clinician-led assessment of the use of anticholinergic drugs in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia.
This review found that ehrlichiosis and anaplasmosis have some of the same clinical features.
Common warts (verrucae vulgaris) are caused by human papillomavirus (HPV) types 1, 2, 4, and 7. They are usually asymptomatic but sometimes cause mild pain when they are found on a weight-bearing surface (eg, bottom of the feet).
Fossilized fauna from around the world have been found from the time of the Cambrian and Cenozoic periods.
This is a method of measuring the amount of blood that has been lost from a blood sample. It is thought to be able to reduce the risk of blood loss, but this is not known to be the case.
In the 1970s, antibiotic treatments and vaccines for leprosy were developed using armadillos, then given to humans.
The spray from one species, Megacrania nigrosulfurea, is used as a treatment for skin infections by a tribe in Papua New Guinea.
Dementia is a form of prion disease that can be caused by the accumulation of prions in the brain and spinal cord. Prion disease has been found to be a cause of pruritus in patients with Alzheimer's and other prion-like diseases. It is thought to be the cause of progressive supranuclear palsy.
Abdus-Samad was a wealthy industrialist from the city of Soweto, Pakistan. He was a well-known member of the local community and was well-loved by many people in the area. He is survived by his three sons ( from oldest to the youngest ) : Yasir, Hisham and Tariq.
In October 1629, the first outbreak of the bubonic plague in the world was recorded in the city of Milan.
Injections of corticosteroids were used to treat a wound in the leg in the 1980s, but this was not thought to be of any long-term use. However, after a number of years, the wound was filled with pus and the treatment was stopped.
Poor immune function is a risk factor for disease.
Ehrlichiosis and anaplasmosis may result in disseminated intravascular coagulation, multiorgan failure, seizures, and coma.
Encephalitis is a fever, headache, and runny nose that may be caused by a brain tumour. It can lead to dizziness, tiredness, headache and tingling of the face, neck, and limbs.
Endoscopy with biopsy.
This rash is caused by a serpiginous, flat or slightly raised, nonscarring, and painless rash. The rash usually appears on the trunk and proximal extremities but not the face. It sometimes lasts < 1 day.
This review found that men often feel that they have a large penis, and that this may help them to feel more self-confident about their size.
Erythema nodosum is a fungal skin cancer of the head and neck caused by cysts forming on the surface of the skin.
Belarusians eat three meals a day: a light breakfast, a light lunch and a light dinner. The main meal of the day is usually dinner, which is considered to be one of the most healthy foods in the country.
This is a disease of the skin that causes the skin to break out in a rash with redness and swelling of the face, neck and arms and legs.The rash may be caused by a virus or bacteria.It can last for up to a week.
Griffith has proposed that some of the enzymes from the heat-killed strain may be the cause of the growth of the virus.
For example, stacks of hoarded newspapers may fill the sink and cover the countertops and stove in the kitchen, preventing these areas from being used to prepare meals.
This review is up-to-date as of March 2017.
The Milky Way is one of the largest and most well-known constellations in the world.It is the result of a still ongoing merger of the Milky Way and the Large Magellanic Cloud.
A. albopictus is an invasive species which has spread through Europe, the Americas, the Caribbean, Africa and the Middle East.
This is an overview of the literature on the use of the word 'adaptation' in the field of medicine. The aim of this review was to find out if there is any difference in the number of species that can be described as 'adapted' or 'adopting' from one type of animal to the other. The review found that there is a great deal of variation in species, and that adaptation is one of the main reasons for this.
The term "skin cut" is a term used to describe any type of cut or cut in the skin caused by a sharp injury.In pathology, it is used to refer to any kind of cut caused by an injury to the skin.
The symptoms and signs of this condition can be due to a lack of estrogen in the body due to menopause.
This is a simple way to help with the pain. A hot, wet compress may help.
However, compared with Alzheimer's, which is thought to be the most well-known form of Alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia tends to cause memory loss later and to affect executive functions (such as thinking and remembering) in later stages of life.
This is a video of a man with a gaping hole in the back of his rectum, which has been left open for people to see.The man's rectum is filled with blood, and blood is flowing freely, but there is no sign of blood.
Avery and MacLeod-McCarty, a team of scientists from the University of Glasgow, UK, performed an experiment in which they studied the effect of DNA uptake and incorporation of DNA by bacteria.
Preliminary results from Hong Kong have indicated this as the probable cause for many deaths during the SARS epidemic in 2003.
The Edwards Syndrome is a rare brain tumour that affects the brain and spinal cord.It is thought to be caused by damage to the spinal cord due to damage to a nerve in the brain caused by a blood clot.
If an underlying disorder is found, it should be treated.
This is a fungal skin rash that may look and feel like a rash but is not as bad as it seems. It may be caused by a virus, but the cause is not known.
Pliny the Younger, one of the most well-known and influential chronicler of ancient Rome, is thought to have been killed by the eruption of Mount Etna in 79 AD.
Sociobiology is a field of science that aims to understand the way in which people interact with each other and the world around them.
This is an overview of some of the issues faced by people with BPD who wish to share their views on mental health care.
Many fish use electric fields to help them find their prey.
Infected joints are swollen, and the overlying skin may be warm and red.
The symptoms of rabies are nonspecific: fever, headache, and malaise.
Carbon dioxide is a known to build up in the blood stream and is thought to increase the rate of carbocation. However, it is not known whether this will be the case in this case as the water is too cold to support the formation of a new blood stream.
Filamentation is the anomalous growth of some bacteria, such as E. coli, in which cells continue to elongate but do not divide ( no septa formation ).
Two polio vaccines are used in the world to prevent the spread of polio.
This increased risk is greatest at the age of two to three months of age.
Thalassemia is a rare blood clotting disorder that can lead to high blood counts of iron and platelets in the blood, which can be a cause of bone and blood loss.
Lyme disease is a type of fungal disease caused by the bacterium Leptosomatocystophlebitis.
The brain is the part of the spinal cord and is located in the neck of the neck and is thought to play a role in the control of breathing and swallowing. The brain is also thought to be involved in the development of the vocal cords and pharynx.
Manifestations of the joints, heart, skin, and brain of the human body have been performed in many cultures.
Cholangiopancreatoscopy (CT) is a type of X-ray that is used to map out the structure of the pancreas.It has been used for many years to diagnose pancreatitis, but it is now used in many other ways as well.
A drug called dexamethasone has been used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis for more than 30 years. This review of trials found that the drug works in all types of patients, and is safe and well-treatable.
Paralympic gold medallist Ben Gray has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Esophageal candidiasis is an infection of the esophagus caused by Candida albicans.
During childhood, she suffered from partially collapsed lungs twice, had pneumonia four to five times a year, as well as a ruptured appendix and a tonsillar cyst.
A very sick or drooling face may be a sign of Alzheimer's disease, but it may also be due to other illnesses.
Donald Hopkins has written, `` Jenner's unique contribution was not that he inoculated a few persons with cowpox, but that he then proved ( by subsequent challenges ) that they were immune to smallpox.
Treprostinil is a drug that is used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It is usually given by intravenous or subcutaneously, but the subcutaneous form can be very painful.
Most patients eventually need to be cared for in hospital.
Most patients have pelvic pain (which is sometimes crampy), vaginal bleeding, or both.
This is a type of low body temperature.In humans, it is defined as a body core temperature of less than 35.0°C.
An analog-to-digital converter (ADC) is a device that converts digital signals from analog to analog and vice-versa.
A UTI is a common UTI that can be caused by a virus or bacteria in the urine. If the cause is not known, it can be treated with a course of antibiotics. If it is known to be a UTI, treatment can be given, but if it is not, it may be left undiagnosed and may need to be re-treatable.
In the 19th Century, there was no cure for smallpox in the UK for the disease, but there was a nurse who cared for the sickly boy and nursed and cared for his sickly baby sister, Anne Marie.
A type of myoclonus is a type of cystophlebitis that can be caused by a nerve in the neck of the spinal cord.
A measles epidemic and food shortages during 1900 reduced the population of the area by one-third.
This is an update of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010.
In 1991, the Abolition of Racially Based Land Measures Act was passed, the first such law in the world.
This is a type of epileptic seizure in which the epileptic seizures are not caused by epileptic fits but by a change in the patient's mental health. This is known as 'nonconvulsive status epilepticus' and it is thought to be caused by changes in the brain cells that cause epileptic shock.
Gout is a type of inflammation of the joints that can be caused by the body's own immune system. It is thought to be a cause of rheumatoid (scarring) and ulcerative colitis (inflammation of the joint) and can lead to symptoms such as tingling, red, tender, hot, and swollen joints.
This list is up-to-date as of September 2014. The review of the most well-known bacterial species in the world shows that there are more than 100 species in this group. Most of these are found in the gut of the intestinal tract.
This is an overview of the research on the effects of progeroid syndromes, a type of tumour caused by the growth of the progestile (progesteroid) in the brain and other parts of the body. Progesteroids are proteins that help to make the body's cells grow and mature, and progeroids are the building blocks of the brain, heart, and spinal cord. Progressive aging is a major cause of death in people of any age, and is thought to be caused by damage to the brain or spinal cord caused by Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.
In 2000, approximately 256,000 children and adults around the world developed a form of leukemia, and 209,000 died from it.
Olfactory seizures, a type of epileptic seizure, are thought to be caused by the human chorionophlebitis virus (HSV) and may be a sign of brain haemorrhage.
An adaptive trait is an aspect of the developmental pattern of the organism which improves the chances of survival and reproduction of that organism.
Endoscopy is a type of endoscopy in which uses an endoscope to look inside the body for medical reasons.
This is a type of pain that is usually in the perineum but may be felt at other parts of the body, such as the back, lower back, or testes.
This is a type of pain that is usually felt over the inflamed site, but can also be felt in other parts of the body.
This review found that patients with this type of infection are more likely to recover from it than those with a simple bladder infection.
This type of brain tumour is known as a DAI and is thought to be caused by damage to the brain due to the lack of oxygenation of the brain. The brain may be damaged in this way, and the brain may not be able to pump the blood around properly. This can lead to brain injury and death.
This is a treatment for people with arachnodactyly (disproportionately long, thin digits) who are taller than average for age and family; arm span exceeds height.
This review found that there is no cure for fever in children with measles, but that it is not known if it is caused by a virus or not.
Endoscopy is a type of surgery in which a tube is passed down the esophagus (mucosa) to the stomach and the tumour is picked up. Endoscopy has been used for many years to look for tumours of the stomach but is not thought to be as safe as it used to be.
Eighty-five per cent of women in the UK have a urine test to look for urine bacteria in the urine, but up to 50% of them may not have one. If the test is missed, the bacteria can be passed on to the urine and may be harmful.
The effect is remarkable because, under certain circumstances, it can last up to three months or more.
This drug is used to treat fluoroquinolone (fluorocinolone ciprofloxacin) and is usually used in areas where the resistance rate is less than 10 %.
This review found that the risk of dying from any cause can be decreased by having more ejaculate in the short term. However, there is a risk of cancer in the long term if the risk remains the same. Men should seek help if they have problems with erections but should choose to do so through masturbation rather than intercourse.
This chart is up-to-date as of March 2017.
The results of the X-rays did not show any change in the patient's hip pain, but the results of other tests were inconclusive.
New Zealand has never had a case of foot-and-mouth disease.
A palpable bladder may be present with outflow blockage of urine from the kidney.
This is a rare type of scotoma that forms in the back of the eye, affecting the front of the visual field, and can lead to loss of peripheral vision and/or central vision.
For kids Bruises in sports.
Twins with a concordance of about 45 %.
This is a review of eye surgery to treat swelling of the conjunctival surface of the cornea.The results show that there is no clear improvement in the quality of life of the eye.
The ears, nose, and nose of the nose can be caused by damage to cartilage in the back of the skull caused by osteoporosis. This can lead to a nose and ears that look like they have been pushed back inwards from the skull.
Spontaneous remissions may last years.
Nephritis is inflammation of the kidneys and may involve the glomeruli, tubules, or interstitial tissue in the area of the kidney (glomeruli and tubules).
Strabismus is a type of schizoid cystoscopy in which the brain's curvature of the spine is not well-defined.It is thought to be caused by a tumour of the spinal cord, but the cause is not known.
Nasogastric suction.
People with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis often have a cough and shortness of breath on exertion and a cough that goes away after a short time, but this may last for months or years.
The symptoms can last from 6 mo to 10 yr and range from no symptoms to severe.
Night vision may eventually be lost.
This review found that erythema or mucopurulent exudate on the rectal wall may be a cause for concern. Rectal ulcers may be caused by plaque build-up in the rectum.
Ascites, splenomegaly, or portosystemic encephalopathy may be present.
Infection of the valves may be caused by a type of infection known as endocarditis.
In this case, the placenta may be under the umbilical cord and the baby may be on the uterus, but there is a chance that the baby could be lying on the other side of the uterus.Ultrasound should be done to see if there is any change in the baby's heart rate or heart rate.
Vacuum ventilator tube. IV fluids.
The PNS is a part of the brain and spinal cord and is thought to be involved in the control of movement of the muscles and other parts of the body's nervous system, such as the limbs, hands and feet.
The bronchiectasis is a type of bronchitis that causes inflammation of the airways and is thought to be caused by bronchiolitis (inflammation of the bronchus).
A neck, back, or head pain may be caused by a problem with the neck or back of the head.
CT can be used to assess skull base bony changes, which can be seen on X-ray.
Water is the main source of life for most of the world's human and animal life, and the main cause of death around the world. The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that by the end of the 20th Century, up to 2.7 billion people will live in countries or regions with a lack of clean, safe and safe drinking water.
The trigeminal nerve is a long-lasting nerve in the neck of the neck and is responsible for pain in the face and neck. It is thought to be involved in the control of facial muscles, such as the eyes, nose and mouth.
This review found that cyclohexane can be changed to methanol in the same amount of time, but the change in the amount of oxygen in the air is much greater.
The most common cause of eye problems are Corneal abrasion and Foreign bodies.
A corneal ulcer is a small hole in the cornea caused by a blood clot that leads to swelling and may be painful. The ulcer may be filled with blood or pus or both.
The testes and scrotum of the testes are connected by a blood supply and lymphatic drainage, but the blood supply is not the same as that of the other parts of the body. Many anatomical features of the adult testis reflect its origin in the abdomen.
From May to October 2000, an outbreak of tularemia in Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, was the subject of a multi-year investigation by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) that was the first in the world to be linked to aerosolized Francisella tularensis.
This is a list of events and people from around the world who have contributed to the review.
Women may not bond with their baby as well as they should, and this may cause problems in the child later on.
This is an overview of surgical operations on the uterus that have been done in the past 20 years. The results show that about 90.9% of these were done by curettage, 7.7% by medical means (mifepristone), 0.4% by intrauterine instillation (saline or prostaglandin), and 1.0% by other types of surgery.
This is a type of skin rash that is caused by the growth of a small, painful rash on the surface of the skin (the papulovesic rash) and that is spread over the body in a wide range of places, including the arms, legs, and the back.
Anteroposterior, lateral, and usually oblique x-rays are taken. A fracture, if present, is usually seen on the lateral view. X-rays may be normal if only the tendon is torn.
Leishmania is a parasite that infects the blood of humans and is thought to be caused by Leishomyzococcus braziliensis, a type of Leishococcus species.It is thought that Leishmania can be passed from one person to the next by the blood stream and can cause leish-like symptoms such as fever, diarrhoea and abdominal pain.It has been thought that this might be due to the presence of a virus in the blood, but this has not been proven to be the case so far.
Epinephrine is a drug that is used to treat croup in children and adults. It is thought to reduce the symptoms of croup, but the benefits last for about 2 hours.
The HgbS gene is a gene that can be passed from one person to the next at a rate much higher than the mutation rate (see and refs in Sickle-cell disease ).
The word croup was first used in the 18th century and was first applied to the disease in Scotland and was popularized in the 19th century.
This review found that Crohn's disease can be found in the gut in people who do not have any obvious signs or symptoms of ulcers or ulcers, but have a family history of Crohn’s disease. It is not known whether there is any cause for concern.
Some people with Tourette's may not be aware of the premonitory urge.
However, many also go on to form abscesses, which need to be drained.
The inner ear is the part of the skull that houses the eardrum and is thought to be one of the most important parts of the inner ear in vertebrate life. It is a cavity in the temporal bone of the head that opens up to the ear and is home to a series of passages that lead to the inner chambers of the brain and other internal organs. In vertebrates, the ear is found in all vertebrate species, and has a wide range of form and function.
This is a type of synesthesia in which the sense of taste and sight of the words'soul' or 'pleasure' are confused with each other.It is thought that synesthesia may be caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain that causes the brain to send out a 'ring' to the inner part of the brain.
It found that about half the patients did show improvement, and that adverse events were more common in patients with schizophrenia than in those with movements disorders.
This is a type of eczema that may be on the face, lips, and/or tongue, the back of hands or feet, or on the genitals.
Jaundice: The yellowing of the skin is a sign of jaundice and can last for a few days to a few weeks.
This review found that there is a risk of heart rate and blood pressure rise in people with mydriasis and diaphoresis.
In about 8% of patients, myocardial infarction can occur within weeks of the onset of the disease.
This review found that itraconazole 200 mg orally once a day is a safe and well-treatable drug for the treatment of ulcerative colitis.
A new principal has been appointed at a school in the US state of New Zealand after the previous one ( Iqbal Theba ) was infected with the flu.
Wasp was first seen in the UK in the 1930s and then went to Australia in the 1940s, where he worked as a seal hunter. In the 1970s, Wasp returned to the UK to work in the oil and gas industry, but left the country in the 1980s and became a seagull pilot. Wasp then headed eastwards to hunt for seals, and reached the remote Bouvet Island on 6 December.
Among spinal subdural abscesses, methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus is the most common cause.
This review found that there are many types of warts in the perineal, perirectal, labial, and penile areas. Periungual warts are more common in people who bite their nails or who work in places where their hands are often wet, such as dishwashers and barristas. Perirectal warts often itch.
The barking cough and stridor may no longer be prominent at this stage. However, severe croup is rare ( < 1 % ).
Flunitrazepam is a benzodiazepine antidepressant that is well-treatable but can cause sleepiness and drowsiness. It is taken by mouth in the form of a sedative and can be taken alone or in combination with other anti-depressants such as alcohol and opiates.
The Intersex Society of North America has called for an end to the practice of 'concealment-based' intersex care, which features downplaying intersex as much as possible, even to the point of lying to patients about their condition.
This review found that lung biopsies are not recommended for patients with high blood pressure in the lung due to the risk of bleeding.
This review shows that epidemiology alone can not prove that a cause-and-effect relationship does not exist. In other words, it can only go to prove that an agent could have caused, but not that it did cause, an effect in any case.
In people with chronic venous insufficiency, varicose veins (rare) veins appear in the veins of the legs and ankles (vericose skin) with or without ulceration of the veins (stasis dermatitis) or ulcers (lipodermatosclerosis) of the vein wall (fibrosing subcutaneous panniculitis).
The plasmid is a type of gene that can be passed from one person to the next by the use of a plasmoid. Plasmids can be found in many types of cells in the body and are thought to be able to carry the genetic code for a wide range of life forms.
Early liver metastasies may be asymptomatic.
The breast is the largest and the breast is thought to be the best place to look for signs of breast cancer, but changes in the shape and size of the breast may be a sign of cancer. The breast may also show signs of fibrotic changes, but these changes are usually benign and not cancerous.
Breast cancer is a cancer of the breast that starts in the breast and spread to other parts of the body. Breast cancer is the most common type of breast cancer in women of child and adult age. It is thought to be caused by the growth of tumours in the lymphatic system, mainly lymph nodes, but there are other types of tumour as well. These tumours may be found in the skin or in the bones. The tumour may spread to the breast or to the chest wall or to overlying skin.
This is a disease that has been seen in sheep and cattle for many years, but has not been found in humans. It is thought to be caused by a virus that infects the blood of the sheep, but the exact cause is not known. However, it has been found to be passed from one type of sheep to the next in the wild. The question is whether it is caused by the same type of virus that causes mad cow disease in cows.
This review found that myoclonus may be an early symptom of Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease.
This is a rare but potentially life-long lung infection that can lead to very low levels of oxygen in the blood of the lungs. People with asthma may be at risk.
Vaccinia given after exposure to smallpox, within the first three days, is reported to attenuate the spread of the virus, and up to a week after exposure, probably offers some protection from disease or may modify the severity of disease.
Urinary catheters are inserted into the urethra to help with the removal of blockage of the ureter. If the catheter is left in place for too long, it can become blocked and cause a urinary tract infection.
The baby may be born alive or not, but the placenta may be still in the womb and the baby may not be born at all. Pregnant women may experience loss of the baby's first few weeks of life.
This review found that patients who can not move may be thought to be 'unaware' of the pain they are experiencing. They may not be able to respond to the pain, and may be confused about what is going on. If this is the case, they should be asked to perform eye blinking or vertical eye movements to test their comprehension.
Neurological tests are used to assess the effects of stroke and other types of stroke.
Bubonic plague is a disease caused by the bacterium bubonic plasmodium which is thought to be caused by a bacterium that infects the blood and spread from the lungs to the lungs. People infected with bubonic plague are known as "buboes" or "bovine buboes".
This review found that CA 19­-9 and CA 125 can be used to assess tumour size and may be used in conjunction with CA 19-9 or CA 125.
This is a list of heart problems that can lead to heart problems in adults. Cardiac problems can be caused by inflammation of the heart or the vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs, or both.
This review found that exercise can reduce the risk of death from heart attack and stroke in people with coronary artery disease. Aerobic exercise can be done at home, at home in the home, in the gym or at the gymnasium, or both.
This type of corneal transplantation does not result in any damage to the cornea, and there are few problems with rejection of the new cornea.
In adults, lassitude, weakness, and anorexia are most common.
The pain, lasting seconds to a few minutes, usually starts in the tonsillar region or at the base of the tongue and may radiate to the ipsilateral ear.
This review is up-to-date as of March 2017.
Cowpox is a virus that can be spread from cow to other species of animal by the bite of a cow.
An enzyme is an enzyme that takes part in the first step of a reaction and then checks that the result is correct in a second step. This is called a 'double-step' reaction.
This review found that most of these are probably caused by tuberculosis (TBH) or human immunodeficiency virus infection.
This is an overview of some of the most well-known landmarks in the city. The main landmarks are the Roman amphitheater and the cathedral.
This is the first of a series of articles about the life and times of a woman who was once one of the most well-known face painters in the world. The first, published in 1926, was by Jane Gray, who was born in the UK and died in a Sydney hospital in 1931.
This is a cough that can be caused by coughing up sputum. The cough may be short-lived, but can last for a long time.
The World Health Organization (WHO) warns that there is a high risk of measles in low- and middle-aged adults who are at risk of developing measles due to lack of food, and that the risk is likely to be increased if they are not fed well.
Infection ranges from asymptomatic (in 5 to 50% of cases) to a hemorrhagic fever with a case fatality rate of up to 50 %.
Aortic or renal arteries are narrow and can cause blood clots in the vessels that carry blood to the heart and lungs. This can lead to high blood pressure.
This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2004. The new review is up to date as of February 2015.
Aneic spells require ventilator support.
Diagnosis of DiGeorge syndrome is based on clinical findings. An absolute lymphocyte count is done, followed by B- and T- cell counts and evaluation of lymphocyte subsets if leukopenia is detected; blood tests to evaluate T-cell and parathyroid function are done. Ig levels and vaccine titers are measured. If complete DiGeorge disease is suspected, the T-cells test (TREC) should be done. A lateral chest x-ray may help evaluate thymic shadow.
The Taung Child was a large, long-necked rhinoceros-like animal that lived in the area where it was found.It had a cranial size of 400-500 cc and was thought to have been killed by an eagle or other large bird of prey.
Sleptomyelitis (SLE) is a disease of the liver that can be caused by damage to the lining of the blood vessels. It may be benign and asymptomatic or it may be more serious. Renal involvement is a complication of SLE.
Many of these risk factors are the same as those associated with a stroke.
This is a type of angina or myocardial infarction, which may be caused by a blockage of the artery that carries blood from the heart to the lungs or the heart, or both, or by a stroke or thromboembolism (a clot that forms in the blood and can lead to stroke or other stroke-like events). The plaques can break away from the artery and block the blood flow, which can cause angina, heart attack, stroke, or angina.
Dissociative amnesia (DID) is a form of forgetfulness that is caused by a loss of control of one or more of the individual's thoughts and/or actions. It is thought to be caused by the presence of a 'personality' (i.e. a'mind' that is aware of one's own thoughts and actions, but not of others). It is a type of schizophrenia in which the mind loses control of the body and other parts of the brain, such as the heart and lungs, and is confused about the order of events.
The LCAO method was developed in the 1930s and is one of the most widely used in the field.
Globally about 106 million cases of chlamydia and 106 million of gonorrhea occurred in 2008.
Shanty towns have high rates of crime, suicide, drug use and disease.
Sullivan apparently had no idea who McCartney was.
This is a type of scurvy that is caused by the lack of vitamin C in the body. It is a disease that is thought to be caused by a lack of the vitamin C required for the body to make vitamin C. Scurvy is very rare in the world of modern medicine, but in some parts of the world it is found in children and adults.
One of the most well-known pharmacists in the world has been the co-inventor of propranolol, a drug used for the treatment of heart disease.
Infection is a problem that affects many parts of the world, particularly in low- and middle-income countries, where it is thought to be caused by the spread of cholera.
Infection of the heart or the liver is a very rare event, but can lead to long-term problems for patients.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of hypnotherapy in the treatment of sleep disorders in both adults and children.
This causes a build-up of fluid in the lungs and pleural effusions.
This review found that infants with hypothermia may feel cold when touched, with bright red skin and a lack of energy.
The term cowpox refers to both the skin disease and the virus that causes it.
This is an overview of acne. Acne is a skin problem that affects about one in five girls and one in 10 boys. It is thought to be caused by hormonal changes in the body that cause the skin to break out in the skin.
Endometrial cancer is a cancer of the lining of the uterus that is thought to be caused by the endometrium (uterus or ovary). It is the largest cause of cancer in women in the world and is the sixth most common cancer in the womb. About 76,000 people die from endometric cancer and 320,000 of these die from the disease each year.
After the discovery of the first case of BSE in the US in 2003, Japan stopped US beef imports.
Influenza B has not been found in pigs.
Hepatitis E is a virus that infects the blood of people of all ages and is thought to be caused by a bacterium called Hepatitis A.
In hypoxic pulmonary hypertension (WHO Group III), the low levels of oxygen are thought to cause vasoconstriction or tightening of pulmonary arteries.
The lungs are the lungs of the body and the blood is pumped out to all of the cells in the body by the artery and venous blood. Blood from the veins is pumped to the lungs for the body to take in oxygen from inhaled air and to exhaled as carbon dioxide.
The kinetoplastids (also known as ` kinetoplastea ') are a group of single-cell flagellate protozoa, including a number of parasites that cause a range of diseases in humans and other animals, as well as various forms found in soil and water.
