This is an overview of the results from a CT of the same day of surgery on the lungs, heart, and pelvis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Results show that lung metastasis has been reduced in both the left lung and the right lung. For example, a 5 mm nodule at the top of the lung was found to be less than half the size of the other. An 11 mm nodle at the base of the right lungs was found not to be as large as it was on the first CT, but was more than three times as big as the other nodles. No lung infections were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for a CT scan of the lower and upper pelvis, which was done on the same date. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there were some calcified lymph nodes on the left side of the body. Thyroid surgery was performed prior to thyroid surgery. The heart and vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are of good size. No thoracic adenopathy was noted.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the neck and chest of patients with bronchiectasis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There is a thickening of mucus in the bronchial wall that is consistent with large airways disease. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. However, there are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Severe aortic valvular and mitral annular calcifications are found in the left vertebral artery from the aorta.
We found that the lungs are clear. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The heart is normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion was found. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to assess. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. We found that the lungs and airways of patients with bronchiectasis may have been affected by a disease of the lungs. There is no evidence that this was due to infection. However, there is a possibility that it could be due to a disease caused by the lungs that was not caused by infection. There was mild air trapped in the lungs on expiratory (exercise-like) images. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No pulmonary edema was seen. The thyroid is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are of good size. The two main arteries in the heart are from the aorta and the other is from the brachiocephalic artery. The other arteries are in the chest and are not of great size. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystoid surgery was performed on the right side of the body. There were no signs of cancerous growths on the bones of the lower abdomen. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not found to be a cause of concern. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There was no evidence of inflammation of the lung or airways or of the pleural spaces. No signs of lung edema or of a lung blockage.
This is a summary of CT of the lungs and airways of a heart and blood vessels of the heart. The heart is large and the blood vessels are of good size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. There is a 2 mm nodule in the upper lobe of the lung (series 4, image 263). No signs of pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the airways). Thyroid: The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in size.
This is an update of a CT of the lungs and airways of patients with metastasis of the pancreas and pelvis that was performed on the same day in 2010. The lungs have thickened, right greater than left, with a narrowing of the pleural space between the lung and the airways. There is a narrowing in the right lung that has not improved since the first CT in the area in 2000. The pleural thickening is caused by an atelectasis (a hole in the wall of the lung) that is not thought to be caused by the cancer spreading to other parts of the body. No new adenopathies have been seen in the thoracic area in the last 10 years. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion (hole in the heart that leads to the heart). There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are not large and of good size. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The appearance is not typical for metastasis.
This is an overview of lung and airway disease in adults with COPD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Numerous sub-4 mm nodules are identified, the largest in the left upper lobe measuring up to 3 mm (5/180). These are stable back to 2019. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion was found. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No thoracic adenopathy was noted.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Right hepatic cyst and other hypodensities, which are too small to assess. No aggressive bone lesions. Stable disease of the sternum is likely due to prior trauma.
We found that there is mild bibasilar atelectasis in both lungs and the airways of the heart. There is a sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lung on series 4, image 234, and there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion was found. The heart chambers appear normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Mild hepatocellular steatosis. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no thoracic adenopathy. No mediastinal mass was found in the thyroid gland.
We found that the right lung base of the tracheobronchial tree has completely collapsed in the upper lobe and the left lung base in the lower lobe. There is no evidence of lung collapse in the thoracic lobe. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries, which may be seen in patients with heart disease. The aorta of the aortic artery is large and may be a sign of high blood flow in the lungs, as seen in people with high blood pressure. The pleural space has thickened in the pleural area. No signs of pneumothorax have been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted. Healed right-sided rib fractures are noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an update of a review first done in 2010. The original review was last updated in 2013. This update has been updated in 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube in place. No pleural effusion. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Patchy bilateral airspace opacities involving all lobes with dense consolidation of the lung bases. No pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small amount of subcutaneous emphysema along the right side of the chest wall. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusions. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Left IJ central line tip ends at the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No other major bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the thoracic spine, heart, lungs, lungs and airways of patients with acute myocardial infarction who have had chest surgery for chest cancer. The primary aim of this review was to assess the effect of the surgery on the size and shape of the chest wall subcutaneous mass, the heart, the lungs, the airways and the heart and vessels of the heart. The main aim of the review was also to assess if there were any changes in the size, shape or shape of these tissues after the surgery. The results show that there is a large but stable mass in the upper lobe of the left lung. There is a small but stable tumour on the right lung, which has not grown in size since surgery. There are also a large and stable mass on the left superior scapular mass, which was previously 3.6 x 2.7 cm in size, which is now 3.1x2.4 cm. There was no change in the number of pleural effusions (flare up of blood flow in the lungs) or pleural metastasis (growth of cancer cells in the pleural space between the lungs and the pleura) after surgery. However, there was a small hernia in the neck. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool in the aorta is low compared to that in the myocardium and may be suggestive of anemia.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is mild bronchiectasis in the right lung and pleural effusion in the left lung. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. Calcified granuloma (granuloma is a cancer of the granulosa cells) has been found in the upper lobe of the lung. Stable and curvilinear bands of atelectasis have been shown in the lower lung. The airways are patent. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Again noted mild calcification of aortic valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. No other serious bone or tissue lesions were found.
This is an overview of the condition of patients who have had an esophagectomy to remove the esophagus and pancreas and have been in hospital for at least two weeks. The patients have been on a ventilator for the last few days and are now in the intensive care unit (ICU) in the neonatal ward at a tertiary hospital in the USA. The review shows that there is a large amount of fluid in the right lung and that there may be some obstruction of the bronchial wall (bronchial plexus) that may be caused by a blockage of the trachea (right lung). There is no evidence of pleural effusion. There is a small number of subcentimeter lymph nodes in the left lung and one in the neck. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. The aorta of the aortic artery is 42 mm in size and there are calcified calcifications in it. The port of a chest tube is in the SVC and the port tip is on the right side of the abdomen. There are no signs of cancerous growths in the thyroid (thyroid gland) or in the liver. The tumour of the thyroid is not thought to have spread to the other parts of the body. Severe centrilobular emphysema has been found in the chest wall on the left side.
We found no new or enlarging nodules or tumours. The heart appears to be the same size as it was prior to surgery. No new or large tumours were found. There was a thin-walled cyst in the left upper lobe of the lung (4:132). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy was found. No pericardial effusion. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid nodules. Post-radiation changes in the subpleural left lobe from surgery were consistent with lymph nodes. There were no other post-radiosurgery changes.
This is an overview of the results of the most up-to-date study of the heart, lungs, and airways of patients with heart and lung cancer. The heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The airways are patent. There is a sub-4 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, stable back to 5/2021 and stable going back to studies from December 2017. Calcified granulomas in the bilateral lower lobes. No pleural effusion. No new adenopathies have been found. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and size of the aorta. The central pulmonary artery is a normal size.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date study of lung cancer in adults. The main findings are that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, some of which are stable and some that are not. There is a persistent tumour of the non-membranous wall of the tracheal wall, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica (TPE). There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive lesion has been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's systematic review of the effects of surgery to remove the gallbladder from the thoracic lobe of the lung after cholecystoid surgery. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is a small number of sub-4 mm lung nodules, mostly in the left lung, but some in the right lung, which are stable after surgery. Sclerotic foci in the head and neck are stable. The aorta is aneurysmal to 4.2 cm long and there are hepatic cysts and hypodensities too small to assess.
No new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta.
This is an overview of lung and airway disease in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are a large number of peribronchovascular nodules, some in a tree-in-bud (bronchodilator) and pleuroparenchymal (pulmonary) scarring in the right lung and lingular of the lung. There is mucus plugging (bibasilar atelectasis) in the distal bronchi. No pleural effusion. Thyroid: There is a punctate left thyroid calcification. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion (hole in the wall of the heart) was seen. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an update of a study published in 2004. We found that there have been no new noncalcified adenopathy or pleural effusion. There have been some changes in the size and shape of the lung nodules but the largest measuring up to 1.5 cm in the right lung is still in the lower lobe and some of these nodules have spread to other parts of the body. The number of patchy groundglass nodules has increased and there are new areas in the upper lobe. There is no evidence of pleural or lung blockage. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size. The thoracic aorta is normal size and right-sided chest port and central venous catheters with tip in the SVC are still in place. There are no other differences in size, shape, or function of the other major organs or of the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Lungs/Airways/Pleura/Abdomen/Shoulder. Lungs: There is a large mass in the right upper lobe of the right lung that has spread to the left lung. This is worse than before and may be due to the spread of lymphangitis (lung cancer) from the lymph nodes to the lungs. There is no evidence of pleural effusion (womb) in the upper lung. The left lung is stable and there are no signs of pleuritis (widespread blockage of the airways). Lungs and Heart: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are minimal atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in height and size. Lung/heart structure and soft tissues: There are no aggressive bone lesions. Lipoma in the shoulder musculature can be noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an overview of the condition of patients who have had a heart or lung operation to open up a hole in the esophagus and have been in the airway for more than 24 hours. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of blockage of the blood flow to the lungs or airways. There is a small abscess in the space between the lungs and the stomach (5:366) that has not yet been drained and is not thought to have been caused by the surgery. There are no signs of fluid in the pleural space or lung (although there may have been some in the endotracheal tube) or in the lungs (although it is not known how long it has been in place) or if it was given by tube. No signs of infection have been noted in the thoracic wall (right lung wall) or the aortic valve (aortic artery) or both.
This is an overview of the results from the most up-to-date search of the medical records. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lung (3/40) in the lower lobe (4/206) of the lung. There is severe centrilobular emphysema, which has not improved since 2017. Paraseptal empysema is again noted. No focal consolidation was seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion was noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Enlarged subaortic lymph node (1.2 cm in short axis diameter) in 4/206 of 206 of the 206 patients, which was not changed since 2017, remains the same size and shape as before surgery. Heart and Vessels: Stable cardiomegaly. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Degenerative changes were seen in the visualized spine. Changes from prior lumpectomy noted in the left breast. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria.
This is an update of a study from 2021 published in the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database. A 1.1 cm pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung remains the same as it was on the first study published in 2011. There is a chronic mucoid impaction and peribronchial consolidation in the left lower lobe which is similar to the one seen in 2021. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and blood vessels are normal size with no pericardial effusion. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.5 cm in the axial plane. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta have been found in the heart and valves of the aortic valve. No other abnormalities were found. Upper Abdomen: Most of the other parts of the body were unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine.
This is an update of a study that was first done in 2006. A new lung nodule was found in the upper lobe of the right lung (3.5 mm) in the same area of the lung as the previous 4 mm nodule. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. Scattered calcified granulomas were found in both lungs. The airways appeared to be clear and there were no pleural effusions. Aortic and aortic calcifications are present. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. The aorta appears to run along the normal course of the heart and there was no change in the size of the aortus. The right shoulder had surgery for a hernia and the left shoulder had an arthroplasty for an atelectasis.
This is an update of a study from March 2021 that showed that there were no pleural effusions or consolidations of the tracheobronchial tree. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lung and a new 3 mm right upper lobe nodule. There was no pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be normal in size and there is no evidence of a blockage of the vessels or of aortic valve.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had a heart attack or stroke. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lung wall thickening and mild bronchiectasis with a greater presence in the lower lobe of the lungs in the left lung for example. There are no other signs of lung or airway disease. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. No pleural or lung enlargement. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid (thyroid gland) is normal.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the chest wall and heart of the heart from the same day of surgery. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. Subsegmental atelectasis in the lungs occurred in the lingula and right lower lobe. The airways are patent. Scattered foci of mucus plugging. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery. Calcified aortic valve leaflets. Heart and Vessels: No change in trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separately dictated report of CT abdomen from the day of the surgery. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatal hernia.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lungs/Airways/Pleura and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes database. Lungs and Airways: There is a left basilar peribronchovascular nodularity, which is likely to have been there for some time. There is bibasilar atelectasis. Stable sub-4 mm nodules, for instance in the lingula on series 4, image 200, are unchanged from 2014. Mild secretions are seen in the distal right mainstem bronchus and there is mild bronchiectasis. There was a trace left pleural effusion. No thoracic adenopathy was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis is a condition in which the lining of the lower leg is scarred and may be caused by calcified blood clots. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No signs of cancer were found in the liver or lungs. The adrenal gland was not affected in any of the three images. The left adrenal glands were not affected by the disease. The hernia on the right side of the heart was not found to be of any major concern.
We found that there was no change in the size or shape of the tumour in the lungs or in the airways of the heart or the lungs. There were no pleural effusions or pericardial effusions. The heart and vessels of the aorta were the same size as they were when we last looked at them. There was no significant change in any of the other parts of the body that we looked at. The tumour that was in the heart was the same as it was when we did not look at them when we were looking at them in the first time. We did not find any changes in the shape or size of the lymph nodes, but there are a few new ones that have been added since the last time we looked. We are not sure if they are new or not.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with pleural mesothelioma who have been treated for pleural pleural cancer. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion, but there is a large hiatal hernia in the pelvis. Sclerotic metastasis in the T2 vertebral body is unchanged.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The size of the upper lobe of the right lung was stable, with a 6 mm nodule in the superior segment of the lobe measuring up to 6 mm and other spread out nodules in the inferior lobe. No new or enlarged lung nodles were found in the left lung. No pleural effusions were found. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Mild mucus secretions were found on the left side of the carina. Thyroid and aortic calcifications are found in both chambers of the heart, with dense calcification of the mitral annulus and mild calcionation of leaflets on the valve of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there were some cysts in the lower right paratracheal lymph node. The included portion of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cortical cysts.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size and there are no large lung nodules or mass. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thyroid is normal. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcified. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The original review was not found to be of high quality. The new review found that the lungs and airways of the heart appear to be normal in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen after lung and airway surgery. However, there are clusters of micronodules in the left lobe of the lung (for example 3: 353, 365, 409) that have not been seen before. No thoracic adenopathy was found. No pericardial effusion was seen. The aorta (the heart) measures 36 mm in length and the aortic artery (coronary artery) is 36 mm long. There are no calcified bones in the rib cage or in the pelvis. Cholelithiasis was not seen after pancreatectomy.
We found several stable pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe of the lung measuring up to 4 mm, for instance in the right upper lobe on series 5, image 212. No new thoracic adenopathy. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. There are mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Refer to MRI abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found that there is evidence of thickening of the airways of the lungs, and of the heart, and that there are a few lung nodules. There is also some evidence of enlargement of the aortic valve, but no pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension, but may be seen in the case of high blood flow in the lungs due to high blood pressure. No pleural effusion was found. There are no aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or lymph nodes. No pleural effusion. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications were found. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of these. The heart was normal in size and there was no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We found that the lungs and airways of the heart and lungs have not changed in size or shape after surgery. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules or lymph nodes. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion.
We found no new or enlarging nodules or tumours. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT of the same day as the operation. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung nodules are seen in the upper lobe of the lung, for instance in the left upper lobe on series 4, image 101. There is a left lower lobe calcified granuloma. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion was seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular soft tissue densities in the thymic bed are likely to be due to enlargement of thymus (thymic tissue) due to growth of the thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the results of a study of the size and size of lung and airways and of the heart and vessels of the aorta. The heart is normal in size and the airways are patent. No new lung or airways blockage was found. The lungs and lungs/airways/pleura did not change in size or size compared to study from June 2021. There were no new pulmonary nodules. There was no change in the number of thoracic adenopathies.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. Stable punctate micronodule in the right upper lobe (5:125). Mild subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications have been found. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Diffuse osseous metastatic disease. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous.
This is an overview of post-radiotherapy changes in the lungs, airways and pleura. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is an increase of pleural effusion in the left lung and a mild enlargement of the right lung. Worsening of nodularities in the right upper lobe and redemonstration of septal thickening are noted. There is no change in the size of the thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The aorta appears to have the same size and shape as before. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is a summary of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration's Cochrane Lungs/Airways/Pleura (CLPA) and Thymus/Lymph nodes (LLN) review of the surgical resection of the lower lobe of the thyrotropium bromide from the neck to the thoracic airways. The surgery was performed on the right side of the thyroid gland (T6 vertebral body) in the upper lobe (right lobe wedge resection) of the T6 vertebrae. There is a new 1.0 cm sclerotic lesion in the azygos esophageal recess of the right lower lobe, which was previously 1.3 cm in size. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. No pleural effusions were found. There was a small amount of pericardial fluid (fluid in the vessels of the heart) posteriorly. The aorta appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of aortic myocardial infarction. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Abdomen Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Thickened bronchial wall and bronchiectasis (bronchus) and pleural effusion in the right lung base and left lung base (5:199, 236 and 5:75 micronodules, both in the lobe of the lung, both of which are likely to be related to airways disease. No new pleural nodules were found on July 2021, and previously new nodules in the left lung have resolved. Improved consolidation and groundglass opacities at the right and left lungs have been noted, with only one new nodule in the upper lobe. No other new nodles were noted. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen after thyroid surgery. No enlarging lymph nodes were found. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with heart enlargement in both the left and right ventricles. Calcified left ventricle at the top of the heart. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. LAD stent. Left chest wall ICD leads lead to the right atrium and the heart valve. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC/right atrial junction. Upper and Lower Abdomens: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that there is a spiculated mass in the right upper lobe of the bronchi that partially encases the right mainstem bronchus (bronchus is the space between the lungs and the airways) and may be due to postobstructive pneumonia. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart appears normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are aortic and coronary artery calcifications, which may be seen in the setting of heart disease or high blood pressure. The main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged. The left adrenal gland appears to have a normal size. The right paratracheal lymph nodes may be caused by lymphadenopathy, and there are two subcarinal lymph nodes, one measuring 1.2 cm and the other with a diameter of 1.4 cm. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine after heart valve and aortic valve surgery. The heart and vessels of the aorta are stable and the lungs are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found in the lungs or airways. Heart and Vessels: Stable heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the heart. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary artery and the pulmonary vein are found in both heart and vessel. Upper Abdomen: No adenopathy of the diaphragm or the sternum. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes are found throughout the spine.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine caused by age-related degenerative changes as a result of age. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: There is a new 5 mm soft tissue attenuation nodule in the right back subcutaneous fat in series 5 image 312. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. New results show that the tracheobronchial wall thickened and foci of distal mucoid impaction have been found in the right and left tracheocephalic lobe. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pericardial effusion in the thoracic area. There are no new tree-in-bud nodules in the left and right tracheoskeletal lobe and no enlarging lymph nodes. The heart is normal in size and the aortic valve calcifications are present. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid artery (a major artery in the neck) is from the aneurysm at the top of the heart. The aorta rises to 34 mm above the chest wall and there is no clear cause for concern. The thyroid lobe is heterogeneous.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. Mild bronchiectasis. No clear lung nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Normal course and size of the aorta.
This is an update of a study that was done in 2007. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The patchy groundglass in the right lower lobe described on the prior study has resolved. The 1.2 cm groundglass nodule in the lingula in series 4 image 289 is still there and other smaller pulmonary nodules including a 9 mm groundglass and a 5 mm right middle lobe nodule are still there. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there is no pericardial effusion. The aorta of the aortic artery is normal size. There are no other abnormalities in the thoracic spine or neck. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Routine age-related degenerative changes were seen throughout the spine.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The original review showed that a large upper lobe nodule (13 x 9 mm) in the right upper lobe of the lung was found to be benign. This was previously biopsied and showed that this nodule did not cause any harm. There was a 5 mm nodule in the left upper lobe that was not found to cause harm and was thought to be caused by a piece of bone that broke off from the lung and became lodged in the wall of the lungs (4:114). There were no other signs of disease in the upper lobe. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any other parts of the body. The heart and vessels of the heart were normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. The aorta of the aortic valve was normal in shape and size. The lymph nodes did not show any signs of cancer.
We found that lung and airways are stable and the heart appears normal in size. No new or enlarging nodules were found. The heart appears to have a normal course and size of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was found. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone lesions were not found to be aggressive.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large amount of secretions in the trachea and bronchiectasis is shown to be severe. Some of the cysts are still in the upper lobe (4:204) and some of the disease has progressed, for example in the left upper lobe 4:278. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are some scattered foci of tree-in-bud opacities consistent with small airways disease. Patchy opacity in the right upper lobe is new since prior exam 4:134.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the left lung of patients with acute myocardial infarction who have been in hospital for more than a year. A 4.6 mm left lung nodule was found in the right lung on the first CT and is stable. There are some scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules in the upper lobe, but these have not been found on other CTs. There is a 1 cm right thyroid nodule again. The main pulmonary artery is dilated and there is a suggestion of high blood pressure in the main lung. Extensive blood vessels are seen throughout the left chest wall. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. A mild compression fracture of the T6 vertebral body was found. No thoracic lymphadenopathy was identified. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways: Clots in the trachea and pleural effusion in the right lung have been found to be the main cause of this complication. There is no evidence of cancer in the lungs or airways of the lungs. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size and there are no signs of cancerous growths on the surface of the thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Heart is small in size. Small pericardial fluid. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This is an overview of the condition of the lungs and airways of the heart and vessels of the aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Tracheostomy in place. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the artery that leads to the lungs. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (32 mm). Left jugular central venous catheter tip ends in the saphenous vein (SVC). Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of people who have had a thoracoscopy of the spine to look for signs of airway disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are signs of large airway damage including mild bronchiectasis and multiple areas of mucoid impaction. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone and soft tissues.
This is an overview of the findings from the CABG. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There were no major problems with the lungs or airways, but there were a few scattered cysts in the right lung, some of which are calcified. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Upper Abdomen: No major problems were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart appeared to be in good shape. The aorta appeared to run on a normal course and there was no change in the size of the aortic valve. No signs of adenopathy of the thoracic adenopathies were seen. Bone and soft tissues: There was no evidence of a fracture of the right seventh rib. Nondisplaced buckle fracture was found in the mid cortex of right sixth rib.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: The lungs appear normal in size. Mild bronchiectasis in the right lung may be due to a cluster of micronodules in the left upper lobe, and there is some calcified granulomata in the centre of the lung. No other lung or airway abnormalities were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Thyroid: Thyroid appears to be normal. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: The heart appears large and healthy. No pericardial effusion was seen. Aortic valve calcifications were found in the aortic valves. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No thoracic adenopathy was noted.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's review of the effects of lung, heart, lungs, and airways of people with cystic fibroids. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a thickening of the tracheobronchial wall (septal thickening) and small pleural effusions. There is no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with most of the enlargement in the atria of the heart in the left atrial ventricles. Mild aortic valve calcifications are noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 12 mm, probably on the basis of congestion. Thyroid enlargement is unremarkable. Sclerotic lesion in T10 vertebral body, probably a bone island.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and neck of people who have had a thoracoscopy to look for signs of cancer in the lungs, heart, or both. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is a large pre-pulmonary lymph node in the left lung. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. Upper Abdomen: Bone and soft tissues: Benign-appearing lucent lesion on the left third rib in the lower rib in series 3 image 86 for example. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening with foci of mucoid impaction (for example lingula 4:242) and a 5 mm groundglass nodule (4:85). Scattered calcified granulomata. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. No thoracic adenopathy. Large amount of thrombus in the right jugular vein, partially imaged. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs appear to be as good as they have been in the past 10 years. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. The aorta appears to have the same size as it has been for many years. Thyroid: Thyroid cells are normal and there are no signs of cancer in the neck, but there is a chance that there may be some calcified granulomata in the upper lobe of the thyroid which may have been caused by a blockage of the artery supplying blood to the lungs. No cancerous growths were found in the lymph nodes. Eosseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the condition of patients with bronchial wall thickening and a chest tube. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is mild thickening in the right lung and in the inferior lingula consistent with airways disease. There is a very large right pleural gap (6 mm air gap) and there is a right lung nodule (3 mm), but the cause of atelectasis is not yet known. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Punctate calcified granuloma in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The original review found that the heart and lungs of the heart appear to be normal in size and the aorta and aortic artery appear to have not changed in size or shape. There was no change in the distribution of pulmonary metastases. The metastasies in the lungs show increased cavitation consistent with response to treatment (for example right upper lobe 3: 199,221; left more than 200,000; right breast 3: 138,138; left less than 100,000). There was a change in subpleural shape in the right breast. There were no changes in the number of pleural effusions in the left breast or in the lymph nodes. The heart appears to have a normal size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The thyroid is unremarkable.
This is a summary of the findings from a comprehensive search of the medical records of adults with any type of lung, heart, or blood vessel disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening consistent with bronchial wall thrombophlebitis (bronchial plexus) and pleural effusion is consistent with pleural myocardial infarction (pulmonary embolism) and is not thought to be caused by the lungs. No other lung or airways disease is known to cause this. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcification in the left breast. Upper Abdomen: Left kidney hypodensity too small to assess. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions in the right breast. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the chest wall due to narrowing of the airways). Thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs of people who have had thoracoscopy to look for changes in the structure and size of the lungs, heart and blood vessels. We found that there are no new lymph nodes or lymph nodes. There is some remaining groundglass nodules in the area where the lymph nodes used to be and there is some scarring in the left lung. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax and the airways are clear. The heart is normal size and the aorta is the same size as it was in the first study. No new heart or blood vessel nodules were found in the most recent study.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Laryngoscopy and Radiostomy Group's (CLG) study of the thoracic spine and lung and airways. The lung nodule in the middle lobe (right lung) is likely to be a right-sided lipoma (lipoma in the space between the lungs and the airways) with a diameter of up to 5.2 cm and is stable in size going back to study from 2010 to 2020. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules. Scattered other nodules including a 3 mm right-middle lobe nodule and a 1 cm right-side lipoma in series 4 of the same size and shape are still there. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. No signs of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions have been seen in this group of patients. Routine age-related degenerative changes have been observed in the spine and are thought to be related to the age of the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Lungoscopy Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be normal in size. The endotracheal tube terminates in the midthoracic trachea. Central airways are patent. No effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separate CT abdomen/pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Portions of the lower ribs are not visualized on the CT chest or CT body. Within this limitation, no acute fracture was identified. Multiple old left rib fracture deformities are present.
We found that there is a subsegmental atelectasis of the lower thoracic rib spaces, which is likely to be caused by trauma. There is no evidence of pulmonary contusion or pleura. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. However, there is mild stranding of the rib spaces in the left 3-4, 4-5 and 5-6 intercostal rib spaces which is probably post-trauma. There are no signs of trauma to the lungs or airways.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels of the aorta of the heart. There are a few sub-6 mm pulmonary nodules, for example a left upper lobe nodule measuring 5 mm seen on series 4 image 114. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. There is no thoracic adenopathy. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated CT abdomen for subdiaphragmatic findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a review first done in 2010. The original review was last updated in 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be stable, but there is some evidence of thickening of the bronchiectasis (bronchial wall) and there is a possibility of scarring in the left lung. No evidence of pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion (hole in the aorta) was found. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications were found in both the left and right heart. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Calcified granuloma was found in the right hepatic lobe. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Upper abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas.
We found that the left lung volume loss was stable in the first year of follow-up. There is stable volume loss in the upper lobe of the lung, with extensive fibrotic changes in the left lobe, including left upper lobe cavitation. However, there is an increase of the left basilar cavitation at the end of the second year. There are no new thoracic adenopathies. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There was no change in the size of the heart or of the vessels in the third year. The body of the lower lung is also stable in size. No new adenopathy was found in the fourth year, but there was an increase in the number of pulmonary nodules at the top of the lungs, for instance, a 5 mm right lower lobe nodule on series 5, image 232; and a 6 mm nodule in the right lung on series 6, on the same day.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date, best-known, and most well-known study of this type of lung cancer. We found that most of the sub-5 mm lung nodules in the right lung remain stable, as well as a sub-8 mm nodule in the upper lobe. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive lesion has been found.
We found one new noncalcified lung mass (4.8 x 4.6 x 6.2 cm) in the upper lobe of the lung which did not cross the major fissure in the thoracic airways. No other new lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence that the lung mass was blocked by the pleural airways or that it was caused by an arterial blockage. Thyroid: Thyroid mass measuring up to 1.8 cm long and 1.1 cm wide was found in the lower paratracheal lymph nodes. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels were normal size and there was no evidence of a blockage of the aorta. Pulmonary artery was normal size. Upper Abdomen: One cyst was found on the left side of the pelvis. This cyst is thought to be caused by a kidney cyst. Post-surgery changes were similar to those seen after previous cholecystectomies. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there were some changes in the spine due to age-related degenerative changes.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had a heart attack or stroke. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta are normal size and there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are clear and the airways are clear. There are no signs of atelectasis in the lung bases. There is no sign of cancer of the lungs or airways or of the pleural airways. No signs of cancer in the lymph nodes or in the thyroid gland. Upper Abdomen: The upper part of the body is clear and there are no aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of the results from a CT of the lungs/airways/Pleura obtained on the same day of surgery (1/26/2020). No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. There is a stable 1.1 cm left lymph node and a 2 cm left thyroid nodule. The heart and vessels are stable. No heart or lung enlargement has been seen. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. A pacemaker is in place. Moderate coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the results from a Cochrane review of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had a CABG for thoracoscopy to investigate the effects of this type of surgery. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There was a 4 mm nodule in the lower lobe of the lung in series 4 image 175 which is the same as when we last looked at this study in 2012. There were also small pleural effusions in both the right and the left lung. No pneumothorax (collapsed lung). Tracheostomy in place. There was no pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta.
This is an update of a study from August 2021 that found that the lungs and airways of the thoracic spine have not changed in the last 10 years. There are no new lung nodules or pleural effusions. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta have also not changed. No new heart or aortic valve nodules have been found. However, there have been a few new heart and artery nodules in the upper lobe of the lungs. These are not thought to be new and are likely to have been there for a long time. There have also been no new bone lesions in the bone below the diaphragm.
This is an overview of the results of the imaging of the thoracic spine of people who have had a heart or aortic valve or both of these in the chest of the heart and the aorta of the lungs. The heart is normal size. The lungs are clear and the airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. There is a moderate-sized hiatal hernia on the right side of the spine. There are no signs of adenopathy (scarring of the chest wall) or adenophlebitis (inflammation of the skin around the lungs) in this group of people. The thyroid is also clear and there is no evidence of thyroid enlargement. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas have been seen in this area.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways: There is a mixture of centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. There is also a small pleural effusion in the left lung. The lungs have a mucus in the central airways and there is a slightly increased right lung effusion. There are mild coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart has a right chest port with the distal tip terminating in the superior right atrium. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta has a normal course and size of the coronary artery. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Diffuse sclerotic foci in the bones, consistent with metastatic disease. Mediastinum/Lymph Nodes: Hilar lymph nodes up to 1.4 cm and mediastinal lymph nidus up to 2.0 cm, similar to prior.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of people who have had a heart or aortic valve operation to treat heart disease. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta are normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas have been found in both lungs and the pleura. Some of these nodules are likely to be related to mucoid impaction in the right lung. There is a 1.1 x 0.6 cm nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe in series 4 image 175. Clustered centrilobular nodules have been seen in the upper lobes of the lungs. There have been no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas have been identified. Calcification of the aneurysm has been noted in both the coronary artery and the artery that feeds the heart.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original review was last updated in 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 3 mm right upper lobe nodule (5:166) with no pleural effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing. Aortic valve calcifications. Coronary artery, aortic and aortics (vessels) calcified. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable scattered sclerotic foci, probably bone islands, in the lower abdomen. Mildly calcified pleural plaques.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of people who have had a thoracoscopy to look for signs of cancer. We found that there is no evidence of cancer in the lungs, airways or pleural spaces. There is a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast in series 5 of CT series 221. The heart and vessels of the heart were normal size and there was no pericardial effusion (hole in the heart that leads to the heart) or narrowing of the aorta (the main artery that carries blood from the lungs to the lungs). Pulmonary artery is normal size. There was no clear evidence of adenopathy (scarring of the neck) of the lungs or of the airways. There were no changes in the number of vertebrae in the neck or in the top of the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are the largest area of the body and have the largest number of sub-5 cm nodules. There is a new spiculated solid nodule in the left lung measuring 1.3 cm in size in the upper lobe of the lung. There are no pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. A calcification has been seen in the breast of the left breast. Upper Abdomen: There are subcentimeter retroperitoneal lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: [Mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.1 cm is grossly stable. Hilar lymph nodes are difficult to evaluate due to noncontrast study.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the right lung of patients with acute myeloid leukaemia. There is a 1.3 mm right middle lobe lung nodule that has not changed in size over the last 10 years. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules identified. No aggressive osseous lesion has been seen. Sclerotic lesions in the right second rib are stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate report.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with acute myeloid leukaemia. The findings show that myelodysplasia is stable in the subpectoral area of the pelvis, with no signs of lymphadenopathy in the other parts of the body. However, there is a small right pleural effusion, measuring up to 1.0 cm in size, which may be due to a blood clot in the pleural space. There is no evidence of any other types of myeladenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Abdomen Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The cavitary lesion in the right lung is unchanged in size going back to study from July 2021 but has progressed compared to the study from October 2020. There are multiple calcifications and a fluid level within this lesion. There is an aneurysm of the aortic arch measuring up to 4 cm in diameter. Severe centrilobular emphysematous changes throughout the lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No new pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. Extensive soft plaques are found in the coronary arteries and aorta and there is a stable narrowing of the artery wall in the ascending artery. Aneurysms are seen throughout the descending artery and there are no new aortal blockages. Upper Abdomens: Status post cholecystectomy. Stable dilation of the common bile duct. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis of patients with pleural myofascial myocardial infarction. No new or enlarging lung nodule has been found. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with acute myocardial infarction. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the upper lobe of the right lung and in the left lung, but the extent of the nodules is not clear. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are found in both the upper and the lower lung. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Stable post-surgery changes consistent with prior heart transplantation. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bony lesions. Upper Abdomen: Healed sternotomy. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodles. Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the condition of patients who have had chest surgery to open up the airways of the lungs. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic trachea. There is a moderate right and a small left, partially loculated pleural effusion. There are overlying consolidation opacities with air bronchograms that most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis, but it is not clear if this is the cause of aspiration due to scattered right greater than left ground glass opacity that are not thought to be a cause for aspiration. No definite pneumothorax has been found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Pneumomediastine stranding and fat stranding is postoperative. 2 cephalad oriented anterior mediastinal chest tubes are seen in place with surrounding edema and postoperative hemorrhagic collection which is up to 2.5 cm in transverse size. Mildly prominent mediastine lymph nodes are active. Heart and Vessels: Status post aortic valve replacement and left atrial appendage ligation. The atrium appears dilated.
This is a review of lung and airways and heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be normal in size. Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the thoracic trachea. No effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears to be of normal size. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen in setting of high blood pressure. The spleen and spleen tube are present in the gastric lumen. No aggressive osseous lesion was found. Prominent bilateral gynecomastia was found in the C6 vertebral body.
We found extensive thickening of the bronchiolar wall and bronchial wall which may be related to bronchitis and/or asthma. There is a 3 mm pulmonary nodule in the left upper lobe of the lung as seen on image 198, series 3. The lungs are otherwise clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. There was no evidence of perforation of the esophagus. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. The aorta appears to be of the same size as the other major veins in the body. The left hepatic artery has been removed from the aortic artery and replaced by the artery that feeds the heart. There were no aggressive bone lesions.
We found that the heart size is normal. The chest tube is about 1.8 cm from the carina. There is centrilobular emphysema, which is a type of lung cancer, and there is a small pleural effusion. There are calcified pleural lymphadenopathy and calcified lymph nodes, both of which are likely to be caused by granulomatous disease. We found no signs of lymphadenomyositis or lymphangioleiomyosarcoma.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2004. The heart size is stably enlarged. There is no new evidence of heart enlargement or pericardial effusion. However, there is evidence of an atelectasis in the upper lobe of the heart and of an increase in leftward shift of the mediastinum. There are no new nodules in the right upper lobe. No new tumours have been identified in the lower lobe.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. We found that there is some evidence of thickening in the upper lobe of the lung (pulmonary septal) and that there are some pleural effusions. There is no change in the size of the thyroid nodule (2.6 cm) or the number of sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. The heart size is normal status post aortic valve repair and there is no pericardial effusion. Bone and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy.
This is an overview of the results from the most up-to-date study. The heart size is normal. There is no evidence of any major problems with the heart or lungs. The tumour of the chest appears to be confined to the right ventricle and not to the left ventricles, and there is no sign of an atelectasis or pleural effusion in the upper abdomen.
This is an overview of the results of a comprehensive search for all types of cancer in adults with any type of cancer of the lungs, heart, liver, or other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The trachea is midline and patent. Note is made of an azygos lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a granuloma in the left lung of no clinical significance. The heart is normal size. No pericardial effusion. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The spleen is prominent but not pathologically enlarged. The left lower lobe of the spleen has granulomas. The right lower lobe has exophytic renal cysts on the left and the left adrenal gland has a cyst, but this lesion did not change in size on PET/CT in 2012, which is a good sign. The gallbladder has a large cyst and there are surgical clips in the gallbladders fossa. Upper Abdomen: There is an indeterminate 1.6 cm lesion in the adrenal glands, which has not changed in size in the last 10 years. This lesion has not been seen on PET or CT since 2002 and is not thought to have increased in size since then. No new lesions have been found in the upper abdomen since 2002. The liver has no new lesions in recent years. The sternum has had a thickening of the soft tissue. The spine has had new thickening in the sternum up to 2018.
This is an overview of the findings from an MRI of the lungs of patients who have had lung surgery for lung cancer. There is a stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe of the lung. Mild emphysema is present. A new pleural effusion was found in the left pleural area. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy.
This is an overview of changes in the structure and size of the thoracic spine, lungs and airways of people with thoracoscopy who have had a heart or lung transplants from the chest or from the abdomen. This is to assess changes that may be caused by the heart or lungs or both. Changes in the spine and lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Common signs of large airway changes, such as thickening of the bronchial wall, may be due to scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases. There is no change in the number of lymph nodes in the lower lobe of the lungs. There are no new or enlarged pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe. The spine is normal size. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there is no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone and soft tissues above the level of the diaphragm.
This is an overview of the lung and airways of aortic and peribronchial surgery for people with lung cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There is a near-complete resolution of the previous left upper and the right lower lobe of the lungs. There are mild pleural bronchiectasis and a patch of groundglass in the right base (5/392) does not dominate the principle finding of reticulations. There is stable enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, measuring 3.2 cm., May be seen in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are stable. No pericardial effusion. The heart is stable, but there is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the upper lobe on series 4, image 206. The airways are patent. Stable pleural effusion is found in the left pleural lobe. The thyroid (thyroid gland) is heterogeneous. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Ribs and Tissues: There are multiple healing rib fractures. The rib cage is stable. AICD is seen. Biventricular angioplasty is needed to treat the narrowing in the main lung artery, which may be due to blood clotting in the lungs due to high blood pressure.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of people who have had a thoracoscopy to investigate the effects of this type of surgery on the lungs and other parts of the spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysematous changes with a greater presence in the lungs of the upper lobe. No new or enlarging lung nodules. There is a large cyst in the left lung with associated small airway findings. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Thyroid: No new adenopathies have been found in the thyroids. The thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Post-surgery changes are consistent with prior left nephrectomy. Remains of other organs are unremarkable. Small hiatal hernia.
This is an overview of the findings from a Cochrane review of patients with heart failure. The heart size is large and the blood pool in the left ventricle appears to be too large for normal blood flow to reach the heart. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion, but the heart is not large enough to cause anemia.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group study of the thoracic aorta, which is a network of veins and arteries in the neck of the heart that carries blood from the lungs to the heart and back to the body. Aorta and lungs are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Lytic bony lesions have been found in the T3, T4, and T6 vertebral bodies which have increased in size compared to study from July 2021.
This is an overview of the results of CT of the same day as the surgery was done. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are stable changes to the right upper and middle lobes. There are sub-4 mm nodules in the right lobe, for instance in the left apex on series 4, image 79, which are unchanged compared to 1/23/2020. There is mild upper lobe (paraseptal emphysema) and scattered cysts. The airways are patent. Thyroid: There is an unchanged 9 mm hypodense nodule in the thyroid on the right side of the body. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Calcification of the posterior mitral annulus is noted.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of people with thoracoscopy who have had a heart or lung surgery to treat heart disease. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an increase in lung size in the upper lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcified lymph nodes in the right hilum and subcarinal distribution. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and number of the aortas. Pulmonary artery is large. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortal veins. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral partially visualized hydronephrosis in the lower back musculature in the left shoulder, a benign finding. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an update of a study that was first done in 2001 and has not been done before in this area of the thoracic spine. The review found that there is a large amount of fluid in the upper lobe of the lungs and that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. There is a small amount of blood in the aorta of the heart and normal size of the pulmonary artery. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax in the lower lobe. No new or large pleural nodules have been found. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No new pleural or pleural pleural deposits have been identified. There have been no changes in the number of vertebrae that have been broken in this region of the spine. There has been no change in the size or shape of the coronary arteries and aortas. The spine is stable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Radiocranial and Thrombocytopenia Group (CHGRAD) study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are multiple bilateral patchy groundglass opacities which are most confluent in the left lung base. Some of these are more nodular, for instance a 9 mm nodule in the upper lobe of the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.3 cm which is larger than the aorta at this level. There is also dilation of the lobar and segmental pulmonary arteries. Upper Abdomen: See separate report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healing left-sided rib fractures. No aggressive bony lesions. No thyroid adenopathies.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's series 4. The review shows that there are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, but the size and location of these are not clear. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date study of this type of surgery. There is no evidence of a pleural effusion. There are many metastases in the lungs, the largest in the right lung (1.6 cm) and lymphadenopathy is stable, for example a 1.2 cm left lower paratracheal tumour in the lower lobe of the lungs (180 cm). There is a right subclavian artery (an artery that carries blood from the heart to the diaphragm) and no aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There is a calcified nodule in the left thyroid gland. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
This is an overview of the post-surgery findings from the SVC. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Branching lung nodules in the left lung are likely to be due to airway disease. Stable septal thickening and linear scarring in the right lung. No new bony lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are found in both lungs and heart. ICDs are in place. Upper Abdomen: The mixed lytic and sclerotic bony lesion involving the right fifth rib in series 5 image 220 for example is still there and no new lesions have been found.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original review was not found to be of high quality due to lack of detail. This update has been re-ran and is now up-to-date as of February 2014. We found that there is a spiculated mass in the upper lobe of the trachea (tracheobronchial tree) and a nodule in the right lobe (right major fissure) that is connected to the other lobe by a thin line of bone. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The nodule is about 1.6 cm in size and has an interface with the right main fissures and tethers the fissue. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area. The thyroid is normal in size. The esophageal wall thickens in people with GERD and can be seen in the setting of GERD. The aorta of the heart is normal and there is no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of aortic adenopathies. Thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels of the heart and of the pelvis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is bibasilar atelectasis/scarring, mostly on the left. There are scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. No new or enlarging lymph nodes were seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There is three-vessel coronary artery disease. No pericardial effusion was found. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that there are new sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules in the left lower lung and small airways disease is seen in the right upper lung. No pleural effusions were identified. No thoracic adenopathy was found. There is a poorly defined 1.8 cm lesion arising from the left thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: We found a right chest port with the distal tip terminating in the mid to distal SVC. The heart chambers are normal in size and there is a three-vessel coronary artery calcification. No pericardial effusion was seen. The aorta appears to be normal. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is diffuse osseous metastatic disease with pathologic rib fractures.
We found that there is a stable sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right upper lobe of the lung. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were seen. There is mucus impaction in the upper lobe. There are no pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. The aorta appears to be of the same size as before. Upper Abdomen: There is a small hiatal hernia. Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are stable sclerotic lesions in T1 and T10 vertebral bodies. The lesion at the level of T10 enlarges the foramen and measures 2.1 cm Hounsfield unit 7, likely representing a perineural cyst.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the esophagus and lungs of patients with pleural myocardial infarction. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the upper lobe of the left lung and a 6 mm groundglass nodule in the left upper lobe. These are all stable and have not changed in size or size over the past six months.
This is an overview of the results from a review of the heart, lungs, lungs and airways of patients with acute myocardial infarction who have had surgery to open up the lungs or the airways to remove the blockage caused by aortic valve. The heart is normal in size and there are no pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary artery, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure, and the pulmonary artery is enlarged. Many of the lung nodules are likely due to impaction of mucus in the lungs. There is no evidence of lung or airway adenopathy. Thyroid gland: Heterogeneous left thyroid gland with a nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size. Heart and Vessels: There are no heart and blood vessel enlargements. The aorta is not large. Upper Abdomen: Cholecystectomy with dilatation of the common bile duct, also seen in 2013. Right renal cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. Bilateral shoulder arthroplasties.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of patients who have been critically ill and have been in the chest for more than 24 hours. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are in the lower lobe (right lung) and upper lobe (bronch) of the lungs. There are several cavitary (pulmonary) nodules in the upper lobe that may be due to necrotic (pneumothoracic) or pleural (acute) pneumonia. There is a small amount of subcutaneous emphysema in the lung wall. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are normal size. Pulmonary artery is normal size and there is no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: The upper part of the abdomen is unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. We found that there is a new sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right upper lobe of the right lung. There is an os acromiale on the right. No pericardial effusion. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Thyroid: There is a subcentimeter retroperitoneal lymph node in the left lung. The thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. The main pulmonary artery appears to be larger than it should be, which can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable with subcentimeters of lymph nodes in the back of the upper abdomen. There are multiple subcentimetre-wide and axillary lymph nodes. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with acute myocardial infarction. The CT scan showed that there is not enough evidence to rule out the presence of pulmonary embolism, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. However, there is evidence of atelectasis in the lower lobe of the pelvis, which may be due to a blockage of the artery supplying blood to the lungs. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the thoracic area.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2014. The review shows that the heart size is enlarged. There is a 1.0 cm right paratracheal lymph node (nosebleed) but no adenopathy was seen. The liver shows a contour and an enlargement of the caudate lobe (lung) of the liver. There are scattered granulomas in the right upper lobe of the lung. No suspicious lung nodule was found. There was no pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. No axillary adenopathies were found. The heart shows three-vessel coronary calcification. Bones and soft tissue: there are scattered sclerotic lesions in the visualized osseous structures, compatible with metastases.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Right-sided central venous catheter with tip in the SVC.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Multiple lung nodules measuring up to 2.5 cm in size are noted, most of which are of concern for test disease. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema was found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are of normal size. Upper Abdomen: Large right renal mass is partially imaged. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No thoracic adenopathy was found in this area. Thyroid: The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
We found that there is extensive lung and airways scarring. There is a right-sided Port-A-Cath with a distal tip in the distal SVC. No new or enlarging nodules are seen. No pleural effusions were found. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. There are some heart chambers with no pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size of the aortic valve. Bone and soft tissues: No new bone lesions were found, but there is a stable hemangioma in the vertebral body of T8. Scattered sclerotic densities are likely to be due to sclerotizing of bone and are not thought to be caused by cancer, but rather due to accumulation of fluid in the bone.
This is an overview of the results of CT scans of the lungs, heart and vessels of the lower lobe of the spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. No pleural effusions. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be large and the aorta appears to be normal. There is some lingular atelectasis. The airways are patent. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Spine and Spine-like lesions: There is a spiculated lesion in the spine measuring up to 1.1 cm in the right lower lobe, among other sites the spine, but it is not clear whether these are new or not.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine of patients who have had a thoracoscopy to look at the lungs, heart, and other organs. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels of patients with LAD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are multiple new metastatic lesions in the lungs measuring up to 1.0 cm in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: A right chest port distal tip terminates in the distal SVC. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. There are coronary calcifications of LAD and dense mitral annular calcifications. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0cm in size and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. There is stable subcentimeter hypodensities in the left thyroid gland. Upper Abdomen: There is a likely hemangioma in the T3 vertebral body. This is a lesion on the back of the neck that extends into the spinal canal and causing mild stenosis of the central canal. This may be due to degenerative changes and not meningioma. The left atrium is stably enlarged.
This is an overview of the results from the CT of the chest and heart of patients with breast cancer who have had a mastectomy for breast cancer and had an operation to remove the tumour from the breast. The tumour was found to be confined to the right side of the breast and had not spread to other parts of the body. No new or enlarging tumours were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen in the lungs. The heart was normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. Cholelithiasis was found in the pelvis but not in the heart or lungs.
We found no new or enlarging nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mildly thickened bronchial wall thickening. No new or enlarged nodules in the right lung (4:79 mm) or left lung (5:162 mm). Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the upper lobe nodules after right breast nephrectomy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the CABG. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are moderate pleural effusions, greater on the left. Endotracheal tube is in place. There is a mucus plugging in the lower lobe of the bronchi. No central pulmonary embolism was seen. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. There was a small pericardial effusion. Antidependent pneumopericardium was found on the right side of the chest, which is normal for this time of year. No other abnormalities were noted. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained the same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an update of a review of lung and airways resection published in 2004. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an update of a review first done in 2010. We found that the lungs and airways of the chest and lungs of the lungs have not changed in the last 10 years. However, there have been changes in the shape and size of the pleura and pleural spaces. This may be due to the presence of cancer cells in the pleural space. The heart and vessels of the aorta and aortic valve have also been found to have changed in size. There is no evidence of a pericardial effusion.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first done in 2004. A new version of the review was done in 2007. The original review found that lung nodules have been found in the right lung of the heart and in the lower lobe of the pelvis. There is a calcified granuloma in the left lung. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion was found. The heart chambers appear normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. The aorta appeared to be of the same size as the other chambers. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area.
This is an overview of lung, heart, airways and other soft tissues of patients with cystic fibroids. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion or pleural swelling. Thyroid: No thoracic adenopathy (scarring in the thorax). Thyroid is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and of good size. Aorta: Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Older left anterior fourth rib fracture.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new enlarging or pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Lateral right middle lobe mucous plugging with associated atelectasis. Bibasilar at electasis, left greater than right. Stable right lower lobe paravertebral scarring. Left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the thyroid. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a review first done in 2010. We found that the right lung had a stable 1.3 cm subpleural groundglass nodule, which has been there for at least four years, and the left lung had stable micronodules (1-2 mm). No new nodules were found. No pleural effusion was found. The right lung also had stable 6 mm and 6 mm in the right and left lung, both of which have been there since at least 2010. Pneumobilia may be related to prior surgery, stable. No aggressive bone lesions were found in either lung. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications were noted. Upper Abdomen: Thyroid adenopathies were not found to be of concern. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are stable. There is no new evidence of bronchiectasis in the upper lobe.
We found that there is a stable 6 mm pulmonary nodule in the left lobe of the lung and a stable subcentimeter of lymph nodes in the other lung. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Three-vessel coronary artery calcification is seen. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report on CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Slight interval increase in metastatic disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebral body from 0.7 cm to 1.2 cm, series 5 image 172.
This is an update of a review first done in 2010. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcification. Aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No new or enlarging nodules. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal and has not been affected by the disease. No cancer of the thyroid has been found.
This is an overview of the results from the review of surgical and non-sclerotic lung and heart surgery in adults who have had aortic valve surgery for the first time. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are filled with mucous secretions. There is a trace left pleural effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: There is an enlargement of the heart. A right subclavian catheter terminates in the right axilla. Upper Abdomen: An enteric tube (tube in which a tube is passed through the stomach) leads to the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion (hole in the heart) has been found. Bone lesions have not been found in the sternotomy area. Blood levels in the blood pool are too low to rule out anemia.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Collaboration. We found that the heart size is normal. There is some evidence of heart disease in the chest, but not in the lungs. There are scattered pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm, and there is no pleural effusion. The stents were placed in the celiac artery in the lower abdomen, but the stents are not yet in place. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Thyroid and Pancreatic Tumour Group's (TRG) systematic review of the results from a wide-ranging search of the medical record up to July 2014. We found that there is no new tumour in the chest or lungs. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe of the lung, but no new lung nodule was found. There are no new lymphangioleiomyomatosis or lymphangiosarcoma nodules in the left thyroid lobe. The heart size is normal. There was no pleural effusion. The tumour is not thought to have spread to the other parts of the body. No new tumours have been found in the upper and lower lungs, but there are still multiple left thyroid nodules measuring up to 1.8 cm in size. Bone and soft tissue were not found to be affected.
This is a summary of the findings of the Cochrane Collaboration study. The heart and lungs are stable with no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural adenopathy was found. Thyroid gland nodule in the right lobe of the thyroid gland is stable dating back to at least 2015. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No major coronary artery calcifications were found. Upper Abdomen: Unchanged left renal cyst with punctate calcification. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or lymph nodes. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. However, there were a few foci of mucoid impaction in the lungs (for example in the right lung and the esophageal wall) and this may be due to the presence of pleural fluid. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any other parts of the body. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications have been found in both the right and left ventricles of the heart. The right ventricle port is in the centre of the thoracic chamber and terminates in the saphenous vein. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart Group's review of surgical and non-sclerotic lung and airway biopsies of patients with interstitial lung disease. We found that there is a 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:159). No new or enlarging nodules have been found since surgery in the upper lobe of the lung. The appearance of the lungs is stable since May 2021. There are no new or enlarged nodules in the lower lobe since surgery. There is a small hernia in the right lung which can be seen in the setting of stomach ulcers. The aortic wall of the heart is normal in size. The main artery of the aorta is dilated, which can also be seen with high blood pressure, and there is no change in the size of the interatrial septum. The lymph nodes are stable and have not changed in size since surgery, nor have there been any changes in the number of lymph nodes in the other parts of the body. Hemangioma has been found in the T9 vertebral body of the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the neck and chest of patients with acute myocardial infarction. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a central tracheobronchial tree (tracheostomy tube) and a major fissure in the left lung wall that is likely to be a lymph node. There are no other abnormalities in the lungs or airways. There is edema of the left supraclavic region and left upper anterior chest wall, may be a sequela of venous blockage. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent although evaluation of the other jugular veins is limited. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. No other abnormalities were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion (hole in the wall of the heart that drains blood from the heart to the lungs) or pulmonary edema (swelling of the lungs). The great vessels are large and of good size. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an update of a post-surgery chest X-ray of a patient who had a sternotomy and placed a defibrillator (lung extracapsular adenocranial diaphragm) for chest pain. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Low lung volumes. There is a worsening of bibasilar atelectasis/consolidation and diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, new from prior and is likely inflammatory in nature. Again, mild bronchiectasis was noted. There are no pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. The main pulmonary artery is large (3.8 cm) and may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
We found that lung and airways appear to be stable, but there are a few new micronodules in the upper lobe of the lung. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Mild heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary calcifications. Stable sclerotic foci in the right fourth and sixth lumbar vertebrae. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Bone and Thymic Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph Nodes: Multiple subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes are stable, for example a 7 mm para-aortic lymph node (5/202) with an interval enlargement of two distal paraesophageal lymph nodes from a year prior. St stable 1.9 cm exophytic right thyroid nodule dating back to 3/20/2020.
This is an overview of the effects of surgery on the lungs, heart and other soft tissues. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Again seen are changes to the left lungs, with loss of volume in the left lung. There is a small hernia in the right lung. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. There are mild heart and artery calcifications and a right chest wall Chemo-Port, which goes from the heart to the cavoatrial junction. The upper lobe of the lung has more than one type of emphysema and there is mucus plugging in the bronchi of the upper lobe. The left lung has not changed in size, nor has the left basilar collection (collection of gas from the lungs) measuring up to about 6.5 cm in size (series 3, image 290). There is an improvement in previously seen right lower lobe groundglass opacities.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine after surgery for people of all ages who have had a heart or lung surgery for any cause. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are stable post surgery. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are present. Upper Abdomen: Upper parts of the body are unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen throughout the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of the size and shape of the heart and vessels of the thoracic aorta. The heart and vessel size are normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Peripheral reticulations in the anterior right upper lobe and right middle lobe of the right breast are similar to those seen in the breast after the breast had been surgically removed for breast cancer in the past. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathies were found by CT size criteria. Upper Abdomen: There was no change in the size of the diaphragm or the pelvis. Bone and soft tissues: Sclerotic bony metastasis was found in the bone of the upper breast, but not in the other parts of the body.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. Mild bronchiectasis in the lung bases which is likely due to aspiration. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airways are covered by a thickening of the bronchial wall. No pleural effusions have been found. The airways appear to be patent. Lung nodules: There are a large number of lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung, for example 4.5 mm in the right lung and 5.5 cm in the left lung, as well as a large pleural tag in the middle lobe. This may represent a granuloma or less likely a lymph node. There are no other lung or airway nodules. Thyroid gland: There is a small amount of thyroid gland in both the breast and the heart. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Mild dilatation of the descending aorta to 3.7 cm. Mild aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets are noted. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T8 vertebral bodies. Multilevel vertebral body hemangiomas were found in the bilateral humeral heads, likely bony islands.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No cancerous growths or adenopathy of the thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Cholelithiasis. Thyroid: Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine. The spine is a thin, thin-walled network of veins and arteries that carries blood from the lungs to the heart and to the aorta (the main artery of the heart) and is the main source of blood flow to the lungs. This spine is also the site of the lungs, heart, and vessels. There are a few calcified granulomas in the lung and heart but no new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. The airways are clear. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the lungs or heart. The heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion has been seen. The aortic artery is normal size and there are no major arterial calcifications. The right-side chest port catheter tip in the SVC is still in place.
We found that the right lung and airways are stable and there is no evidence of pleural effusion. There is no new thoracic adenopathy. Calcified granuloma has been found in the middle lobe of the lung. There are no new major fissures in the upper lobe. The heart and vessels of the heart are stable. No pericardial effusion was found. There was a mild ectasia of the descending aorta at 3.8 cm in the left atrial ventricle and calcified plaques in the coronary artery including valvular leaflets. There were no changes in the size of the thyroid gland.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date version of this review. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There is a narrowing in the aortic artery, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There are severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries, which are new for this review, and an aneurysm measuring 4.5 cm in size has been noted, which is new for the 2019 review. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. No other abnormalities were found. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are mild coronary calcifications. There is a small hiatal hernia. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine after surgery to open up the lungs and airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The nodularity along the right bronchial stump is the same as it was in the prior study. No new lung nodules have been found. The right pleural space has not changed in size compared to the prior surgery. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta have been identified. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions have been seen. Routine age-related degenerative changes have been observed throughout the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is patchy consolidation and groundglass opacities in the inferior left lung with air bronchograms, in keeping with pneumonia. There is no cavitation. No effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are patent. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that there is a large amount of emphysema in both lungs. There is a narrowing of the mainstem bronchi, which can be seen in bronchomalacia. The tracheostomy tube tip ends in the upper thoracic trachea. There are small airways impaction in the lower lobe of the lungs, which is likely to be caused by the blockage of the bronchial airways. We found no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size, but there are three-vessel coronary arterial calcifications. The aorta (the main artery of the heart) is dilated, which may be a sign of high blood pressure. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is severe lung damage throughout both lungs, and there is evidence of thickening of the interlobular septal wall, which could be due to fluid in the lungs due to increased blood flow to the lungs from the heart. However, there is no evidence of pulmonary edema (swelling) or of the lung wall due to the thickening. There appears to be no sign of lung adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Partially visualized a C6 compression deformity which is age indeterminant although appears chronic. No definite aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. Rib fractures have been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Clear lungs. Calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe of the lung was found to be caused by a tumour that spread to the lungs from the lungs to the airways. No other lung or airway abnormalities were found. No further tumours were found in the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: There was a mild enlargement of the heart in the left ventricles. Aorta is normal in course and size. No coronary artery or aortic calcification was found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there was a moderate risk of gynaecoid cysts in the pelvis. There was no change in the number of patients with osteoporosis.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild aortic valvular calcifications. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There were no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in quality. Upper Abdomen: Worsening left axillary adenopathy, measuring up to 4.2 cm in diameter, was noted, previously 1.9 cm in short axis, is noted. This is an improvement from the last CT scan (10/23/2021). Thyroid: The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of lung and airway surgery for adults with ILD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are not affected by pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there are more subcentimeter lymph nodes in the lower lobe of the lung (median of 13 mm) than in the upper lobe (medial of 3 mm). This can be seen as a feature of ILD and should be treated with anticoagulant drugs. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. The aortic valve is large. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Eesophagus: Patulous esophagus with small hernia.
This is an overview of surgery to repair the aortic valve in the thoracic lobe of the heart. The heart is in the chest and the lungs are in the airways. The aorta is at the top of the chest wall and drains down to the abdomen. Aortic dissection is shown in the common carotid artery and a flap is seen in the artery that carries blood from the heart to the lower abdomen. There is no evidence of lung or airway adenopathy. No pericardial effusion was found. No phlegmon, abscess or inflammatory change was noted. The patient had a chest pacemaker. The pacemaker leads end in the right atrium and the ventricle. The chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads end over both the right and left ventricles.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original review was last updated in 2013. This update has been updated in 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There is a large tracheobronchial tree and pleural effusion at the base of the tracheostomy tube. There is also a small left lung effusion and atelectasis at the lung base. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: The catheters run through the heart and end in the right atrium. Attenuation of the blood pool is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: Improved bronchial impaction at the right lung base. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or other lung nodules. Chronic right pleural thickening. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid cells. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications were found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and other soft tissues. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are the lungs and airways are in the chest and are the largest part of the body. There is some evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall and of the esophagus which can be seen in the setting of gastroesophageal reflux disease (Gastroesophagus ulcerative colitis). There is mild scarring in the right lung and at the base of the trachea. There are no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No signs of thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal size and has not been altered by the use of anticoagulant drugs. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the heart, lungs and airways of patients at high risk for lung cancer. Most of the lung nodules were seen on prior CT and are likely to be from lymph nodes in the lungs. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta and pulmonary artery, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There is no evidence of lung cancer in the heart or lungs. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The thoracic adenopathy is not known to be a cause for concern. Small hiatal hernia was seen in one patient. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs of adults who have had thoracoscopy to look at changes caused by age-related degenerative changes in the spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is difficult to measure due to adjacent atelectasis, in series 3 image 379 for example. Other scattered lung nodules including a 4 mm right middle lobe nodule in image 239 are still in place and no new ones have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The thoracic airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lung adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not found in any of the thyroid cells. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Lungs/Airways/Pleura Group. The review shows that there is no new lung cancer in the upper lobe of the lung. There are a few scattered groundglass nodules in the left lower lobe which have not changed in size. There is no change in the number of lymphadenopathies in the lower lobe. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. The right-side chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis, otherwise unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of the size and shape of the heart and vessels of the aorta. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found in the heart or the airways. No pleural effusions were found. Although the study was not designed to assess the size or shape of pulmonary arteries, it did find that there is a filling defect of thromboembolism in the right pulmonary artery (pulmonary artery is the main artery supplying blood to the lungs) that leads to the heart. Mild coronary calcifications have been noted. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. The thyroid gland is nodular.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's systematic review of the effects of lung and airway biopsies of patients with acute myocardial infarction. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are many stable 4 mm pulmonary nodules, some in a tree-in-bud pattern, for instance in the left lung on series 3, image 200. There is mild bibasilar air trapping on expiratory view. Bibasilar atelectasis is seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Bone and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen. There was a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had a heart attack or stroke. This is to assess changes in the structure and size of the lungs, heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: Atrophic of the kidneys. Calcifications in the liver. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lung adenopathy. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Normal thyroid.
We found that the endotracheal tube in the esophagus is in a good position and that there is no evidence of infection. There is a small persistent known leak in the right chest wall that may be related to the indwelling chest tube. No drainable collection or abscess has been noted. The heart is normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. The aortic valve and coronary artery have not yet been found to be affected by the rupture of the aorta.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine after surgery to remove the upper lobe of the lung and the heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Healed sternotomy. No aggressive bony lesions. Tummy and soft tissues: No cancerous growths or growths in the tummy or soft tissues. Breast implants are in place.
This is a summary of CT of the chest wall and lungs/airways/Pleura from the same day of surgery. There is a 15 x 13 mm nodule in the medial left upper lobe of the left lung that was found on prior PET when it was 11 x 8 mm in size. Mild nodularity along the left fissure is noted, decreased from 2/5/2021. Mild emphysema has been found in the lung. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema was found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. The lymph nodes are normal in size, but there is a 1.2 cm enlargement of one of the lymph nodes in the left axillary lobe. There was no hilar or mediastinal adenopathy by CT size criteria. The heart is large and there is no pericardial effusion. There are severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are large and of good size.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had a lung or airway surgery to treat cancer of the lungs or the airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lung adenopathy. Thyroid: Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis.
This is a summary of findings from a Cochrane review of CT scans of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body from the chest to the heart. The scan showed no signs of adenocarcinoma or adenopharyngeal adenopathy. However, there is a possibility that there may be a tumour in the lymph nodes that is not in the lungs. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There is a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the condition of patients who have had a sternotomy to open up the vessels in the heart or lungs or both. The main artery of the heart (the aortic artery) has a diameter of 40 mm and the main pulmonary artery has a length of 35 mm. There is a large amount of secretions in the trachea and small, right greater than left pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Small, but not very large, hernia is not known to be caused by the surgery. The thyroid is well-preserved. There are no signs of thyroid enlargement in the thyroid area. No signs of adenopathy in the thoracic region of the neck or in the neck wall of the body. The heart and blood vessels have not yet been examined by a cardiothoracic angioplasty.
We found no new or enlarging lung or airway nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No thoracic adenopathy. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood flow channels are normal and the aorta and mitral annular calcifications are mild. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Laryngoscopy and Radiocranial Imaging Group (CLID) series 900. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large left pleural effusion and a large atelectasis in the right lung. Thickening of the pleura has been observed, best seen on coronal reformats. A stable 6.5 mm nodule is seen in the left lung near the right major fissure (4/242). A right upper lobe calcified granuloma is seen. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Severe coronary calcifications are seen. Normal course and size of the aorta. A right IJ dialysis catheters leads to the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: Status post Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.
This is an overview of the results of CT of the lungs, heart and blood vessels of the heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of people who have had a heart attack or stroke. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size and there are no signs of large airways or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are clear and the pleural airways are clear. There is no evidence of cancer in the lungs or the pleura. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the spine.
We found that there is a large right pneumothorax in the upper airways of the lungs. There is bronchiectasis throughout the lungs with peripheral cystic changes in the lungs in the lower lobes. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. However, the main pulmonary arteries are enlarged, with a diameter of 3.7 cm, and the ascending aorta measuring 3.5 cm. This may be due to increased blood flow to the lungs due to high blood pressure. We are not sure if this is due to a blockage of the blood supply to the heart or not, but it is not known if it is caused by a clot or not. There are no other signs of this type of adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis was seen in the right lung, but not in the lungs of the heart or the airways. No endobronchial lesion or retained secretions were found. No pleural effusions were seen. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Aortic calcifications were found in both the heart and the vessels of the aorta. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic adenopathies. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in this review. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there were changes in the left breast and left axilla.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are new clusters of peribronchial groundglass opacities in the left lung (4/239) and dependent secretions in the right lung (1/239). Mild paraseptal emphysema was seen. No pleural effusion was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: A TIPS catheters were used for the first time in this review. There is hepatic cirrhosis. Embolization coils were seen in the upper abdomen. The spleen is stably enlarged. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No thoracic adenopathies were seen. Ribs: There is a remote compression deformity of T6 vertebral body, and a healed sternal fracture. Multiple left-sided rib fractures have been found. Partially visualized neck hardware has been seen. The spine is not fully healed. Cervical hardware has not yet been identified. The liver is also not yet healed. There was no evidence of liver cancer in the liver.
We found that there is a 1.3 cm subsolid nodule in the upper lobe of the lung, which has not changed in size over the last 10 years, and there are other sub-4 mm nodules in other parts of the lungs, but these are not stable. There is mild emphysema in the lungs. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There are mild heart and blood vessel calcifications.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are of good size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an overview of the condition of the esophagus, lungs/airways/Pleura, heart and vessels of the lower lobe of the spinal canal and of the aorta. Lungs/Airways: We found that there was a slight increase in the number of pleural effusions in the left and right pleural lobes. Compressive atelectasis was noted in the pleural lobe on the right side of the pleura. A new small pleural pleurx (pneumothorax) has developed on the left lobe. This pleurix has been clamped with a drain, drain in the spine canal and drain into the mediastinal canal. We found no new pleural or peribronchial effusion in the upper lobe. We also found a new pleurice in the right lobe, which is likely to be related to the spinal surgery or prior surgery. The previous secretions in the bronchus (bronchus) have cleared. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new lymph nodes have been found, but there are a few prominent lymph nodes, such as 1 cm left paraaortic lymph node, most of which is not known to be active. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Cervicothoracic spinal fixation device, status post corpectomy.
This is an update of a Cochrane review of heart and lung surgery for people with acute myocardial infarction. The heart appears to be stable, but there is still a risk of aortopulmonary or aortic thrombophlebitis (a narrowing of the vessels supplying blood to the heart) and there is evidence of thickening of the lung wall (bronchi) in the lower lobe of the heart. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion (hole in the heart wall) or of narrowing in the artery wall (vessel wall). There are no signs of cancer of the lungs or of the airways. The risk of anemia (low white blood cell count) cannot be ruled out.
This is a summary of the findings from a CT of the same day of surgery for both lungs and the heart and pelvis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no new lung or airway metastasis. There is a stable 8 mm subpleural nodule in the left upper lobe with adjacent new and enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new pulmonary edema. Heart and Vessels: A stable hypodense nodule is noted at the right cardiophrenic angle. The heart is normal in size. There are no pericardial effusion and there are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated reports for CTs of the lower and upper pelvis and abdomen. Large sternal metastasis is unchanged. No other new osseous metastasis has been found. There was a stable soft tissue nodule on the right side of the breastbone at the confluence of the brachiocephalic veins. No change in the size of the sternal tumour has been noted. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is a review of lung and airways and pelvis scans from the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be normal in size. No pleural effusion. There are some calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the lung, which may be a sign of advanced lung cancer. There is no evidence of any other lung or airway problems. Pelvis: The pelvis appears to be healthy, but there are no signs of trauma to the lungs or airways. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to have a normal size. Bone and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. No thoracic adenopathy was found.
This is an overview of the results of the most up-to-date imaging of the heart, lungs, lungs and airways of patients with myocardial infarction. The heart appears normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. There is a small left Bochdalek hernia and an atelectasis in the right breast. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. There are stable hepatic cysts, measuring up to 2.8 cm in the left hepatic lobe, in the upper abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. S-shaped scoliosis is seen. The right breast has a round density. No thoracic adenopathy was found.
This is an overview of the results from one of the largest trials of this type of lung and airway disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of large airway damage including bronchial wall thickening. This appears to have progressed since the prior study. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are seen. Upper Abdomen: Upper part of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
A CT of the lungs/Airways/Pleura was carried out on the same day as the chest X-ray. The lungs and airways were clear. No signs of lung cancer were found. There were no signs of heart disease or pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. The heart was normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen and Pelvis X-rays were carried out at the same time. There was no sign of thoracic adenopathy. The sternum was healed from a fracture of the sternum. Thyroid and Tumour: Thyroid mass was not seen in the X-Ray. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and healthy. There is no evidence of heart or blood vessel blockage. The great blood vessels are of good size. Bone and Soft Tissues: Bone and soft tissues were not found to be affected.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs and airways of patients with acute myocardial infarction. There is no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is aneurysmal, measuring up to 4.4 cm in size, and the pulmonary artery is normal in size. Thyroid: Thyroid tissue is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a stable 3 mm nodule in the left lung at the top of the tracheobronchial tree and 4 mm in the right lung base, which may have been related to the diaphragm position at the time of the initial examination, but this may also have been due to the position of the lung at that time. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of upper abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an update of a review of lung and airways surgery for people with lung cancer that was first done in the 1980s. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. Stable 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:97) and 8 mm right lower lobe 8 mm nodule with 3 mm solid part of a tracheal window. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 1.4 cm right paratracheal lymph node and 1.2 cm right thyrotropium lymph node. No other tumours have been found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia.
This is an update of a study from May 2017. We found that there is an increase in honeycombing in the lower lobe of the lung. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic airways. However, there is a small amount of fluid in the subpleural airways and a thick-walled cavitary lesion in the right upper lobe. The heart and vessels of the heart are again mildly enlarged. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged, and the ascending aorta is also enlarged. There are no coronary artery calcifications. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The esophagus has a thin esophageal layer with a thin layer of fluid, suggestive of reflux. The liver dome has a subcentimeter hypodensity in the hepatic dome, but the size of the dome is too small to assess. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No pleural effusion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The largest and largest nodule is in the left lung and now measures 1.5 cm in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. There is no evidence of a blockage of the lungs or of the airways. Other nodules are stable. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any other parts of the body. The thyroid is stable. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Dense aortic calcifications have been found in both breasts. Coronary artery calcifications were found in the right heart and right ventricle. The right atrium leads to the left atrium and the ascending aorta to the lungs. The left atrioventricular artery has not been found to have been affected by the tumour. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a review first done in 2009. The original review was done in 2010. The review now has been updated in 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement. Aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Hepatic hypodensities too small to assess. Rheumatoid and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that there is a large mass in the lower lobe of the lung which is likely to remain the same in size when we reran the search in 2021. There is a small, but not very large, mass which abuts the esophagus. There are also changes in the airways which may be due to thickening of the pleural space. No pericardial effusion was found. The heart appears normal in size. Severe atherosclerotic coronary artery calcifications were found in one artery of the heart. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs appear to be normal. The airways are patent. The right lung has thickened and there is no pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No definite evidence of tumour or lymphadenopathy was found, but there is an enlargement of the left supraclavic lymph node measuring 1.4 cm (series 5, image 30). Heart and Vessels: The heart seems to be healthy and there were no pericards in the other vessels. Upper and Lower Abdomens: There was no evidence of cancer in the upper and lower limbs.
This is an overview of lung and airways disease in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules or large (more than 6 mm) nodules have been found in the left lung (5:440) or the right lung (4:410) or both of these were found in patients with bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways diseases. No pleural effusion has been found. Lung wall thickness is consistent with small airways disorders. No new (or enlarging) nodles or large nodles have been identified. No thoracic adenopathy was found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a review of lung and airways disease in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 5 mm right middle lobe nodule (4: 3:15). Stable right lower lobe micronodule 4:381. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Thickening of the septal thickening and increased reticulations were seen in the right and left lower lobe. Increased subpleural reticulation was noted in the left and lingula. Thin-walled cyst was found in the lower lobe of the right lobe. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery (LAD) disease including dense calcifications in the LAD. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Subcarinal node measures 1.2 cm, stable since 2019. Small hiatus hernia.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. A new search was done in 2012 and a new set of X-ray and CT scans were done in 2013. The new X-rays show that the lungs and airways of the lung have not been affected by pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic spine. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta appear to be normal. However, there is an enlargement of the atrial and ventricles of both heart and aortic valve in the left ventricle. Bone and soft tissues: No bone fracture was found in the rib cage or in the sternum. Bone in the pelvis did not heal as well as in the other parts of the body.
This is an overview of lung and airways disease in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Enlarging, now 5 mm, subpleural right lower lobe nodule (5:274). This nodule was previously punctate/nearly imperceptible on April 2021 exam (previous exam 5:247). Stable 1.1 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia. Paraesophageal varices. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Dense mitral annular calcification. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Punctate calcifications in the right breast.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Thymic tissue in the anterior mediastinum. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No active bone lesion.
This is an overview of the results from the most up-to-date review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is some evidence of mucus plugging for example in the bronchus in the upper lobe of the lung, but no pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pleural or pericardial effusion in the aorta. There are no new or enlarging lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aortic ventricles are stable and the port in the SVC terminates in the sternum. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable soft tissue nodule in the anterior chest wall (3:417). Stable T8 compression deformity.
We found that the lungs and airways are normal in size. There is a small hernia in the right lung, but no pericardial effusion. There are aortic valvular and pulmonary artery calcifications, which may be seen in the case of high blood pressure. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears to be of good size. The right atrium of the heart is large and the main pulmonary artery has a diameter of 3.4 cm. The left atrium is of moderate size and there is a narrowing of the atria that may be due to a blockage of the main artery. The blood in the blood pool is low, which is a sign of anemia.
This is an overview of post-radiation changes in the right lung and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Difficult to compare to April 2021 examination due to changes in lung structure due to treatment-related lung changes. The right lung now measures up to 2.5 x 2.0 cm (5:284 cm) and the right breast mass now measured up to up to 1.5 cm (2:0 cm) in size. There are new subpleural reticulations and traction bronchiectasis in the left lung and right lung from right breast radiotherapy. There is no evidence of thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the neck due to narrowing of the airways) in either lung. Thyroid (thyroid) is normal in size and there are no signs of cancer in the thyroid. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Direct origin of the left vertebral artery from the aneurysm arch. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine after lung and airway surgery for people of all ages. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endobronchial 3 mm nodule in the proximal right middle lobe of the bronchus. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. [Thyroid is not known to be a cause of lung or airway obstruction. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathies were found in the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and well-preserved. Normal course and size of the aorta.
We found no new or enlarging lung or lung wall nodules or tumours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the lung or airways nodules. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications were found. Upper Abdomen: Aortic stenosis was not found. No pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent CT scan of the thoracic spine and heart of the chest. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Numerous sub-4 mm lung nodules were found. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. The airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Thyroid enlargement: The thyroid is enlarged, similar to prior. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are dictated separately. Sclerotic metastases in the spine appear to be the same as prior. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria.
This is an overview of the results of the most up-to-date study of the thoracic spine in adults. We found that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart and vessels of the aorta and coronary artery are normal size. There are no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways of the lungs are clear and no new pleural nodules have been found. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the neck or spine. Thyroid enlargement is not known to be a cause for concern. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower spine.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural nodules. There was no change in the size of the aortic valve or of the ascending aorta. There were no changes in the number of pleural effusion or pneumothoraxes. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Hypoattenuating lesions throughout the liver, the largest of which is a simple cyst. The largest of these is in the left lower lobe of the liver and measures less than 3 mm in size. Heals of the sternum and sternum appear to be normal. There are no new bony lesions in the thoracic spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree (tracheotomy to open up the airways) is patent. There is some evidence of bronchiectasis and scarring to the right of the tracheo-pulmonary valve. There are no signs of pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. The aortic artery (the main artery of the heart) is narrow and has calcified, which can be seen with high blood pressure. The myocardium (the heart wall) is less than half the size of the aorta, which is a sign of anemia. Thyroid (thyroid gland) is not clearly defined. No evidence of thyroid enlargement. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial enlargement and probably left ventricle enlargement is seen. No signs of narrowing of the main artery. Severe calcifications are seen in the main and myocardial veins, which may be due to blockage of the blood flow to the heart. Upper Abdomen: Thyroid enlargement was not seen after cholecystectomy. Spine: Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine. Body wall edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlargement of lymph nodes measuring up to 1 cm, probably on the basis of congestion.
We found a 1.2 cm density in the right lower lobe that is lobulated and could possibly communicate with an airway. There is a trace pericardial effusion. The heart is normal in size. Severe coronary arterial calcifications are found in the aorta, which could be due to blockage of the blood flow to the heart. No acute fracture was found. No aggressive lesion was noted. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a punctate splenic calcification that is nonspecific and a left renal cyst. No hematoma was identified. The pelvic ring and femurs are nondiagnostic for fracture due to extensive motion bias. No axillary or mediastinal lymphadenopathy was found within the limitations of this noncontrast exam. The pelvis is not known to have a fracture.
This is an overview of the condition of patients who have had lung surgery to remove the airways of the lungs from the chest and have been in hospital for at least 48 hours. The lungs are filled with fluid and there is a small amount of air in the pleural space, which could be a sign that the lungs have been cleared of fluid after surgery. There is no evidence that there is any damage to the lungs caused by the removal of the airway. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a few scattered hepatic hypodensities that are too large to be sure of their cause and left renal cortex scarring. A right upper lobe apical 12 mm groundglass nodule new from prior (series 5, image 178), which may have an infectious or inflammatory etiology. No right airway consolidation was noted. There was no right effusion or pneumothorax. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, but the thoracic ascending aorta is not dilated. There are scattered areas of bronchial mucoid impaction in the right lower lobe segmental bronchi and a right tracheal diverticulum, which is a narrowing in the trachea that leads to the lung. Noted old bilateral rib fracture deformities. No aggressive osseous lesion. An enteric tube looping around the stomach looping in the gastric body is seen. No bowel obstruction. A Foley catheter is seen in the bladder lumen. Bladder wall thickening is seen, but there is no indication of cystitis. Fat-containing umbilical and left internal hernia is noted.
This is an update of a CT scan from 21 years ago. The CT showed that volume loss in the left lower lobe of the lung was similar to that seen in the CT of the thoracic spine. There is a subsegmental atelectasis involving the inferior left lingula. There are no major problems with the lungs or airways. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. No pericardial effusion was noted. There was no change in the height of several vertebrae in the right leg. There were no changes in the spine or neck.
This is an overview of the condition of patients in the neonatal ward of a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) at a tertiary hospital in the USA. We found that there are 2 left chest tubes and a mediastinal drain. There is no pleural effusion. The heart size is large and the chest tube is in the left lobe of the heart. There appears to be a thickening of the septal wall (pulmonary parenchyma) and there is some evidence of a narrowing of the airways (pneumothorax) in the central airways. There are no signs of pleural edema or pericardial effusion in the upper abdomen. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the condition of a man who was found to have a chest tube and chest wall emphysema after heart surgery and cholecystectomy. The heart size is normal and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The spleen is large, measuring 15.3 cm in length, and the patient is in a stable condition. There is mild centrilobular empysema in the upper lobe of the left lung, which has not changed after surgery and is not thought to have been caused by the surgery. However, there is collapse of the lingula and left lower lobe, which may be a cause for concern. There are also bronchiectasis and peribronchovascular airspace opacities in the right lung. No pleural effusion was found. No serious complications were noted.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The patient is again noted to be in a stable condition post wedge resection in the left lower lobe. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The heart size is normal. The central airways are patent. There are no pleural and pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schmorl's review. We found that the heart is normal in size. There is a dense atherosclerotic blockage of the coronary arteries and a left-side aortic arch. There are arteries that lead to the lungs, kidneys, and the liver. The liver is normal. The kidneys are in the lower lobe of the heart and there are cysts in both the left and right kidney. The heart is in the middle of the chest and the trachea is at the top of the lung. No lung consolidation was found. No pleural effusions were found, but there is a small amount of pleural scarring. The sternum is not clearly defined. Thyroid gland: Thyroid glands are not known to have an effect on the heart or lungs, but are thought to play a role in the lungs and the airways. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or lymphoma in the thyroid gland. Adrenal glands: The left adrenal gland is nodular. The rest of the adrenal glands are normal. Kidneys: There are several left renal cysts measuring up to 8.9 cm. No hydroureteronephrosis or nephrolithiasis. Pancreas: There is fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. No disease of the pancreas. Bowel: We found a thinning of the stomach wall in the region of the gastroesophageal junction, but not in the other parts of the digestive tract. We did not find any evidence of obstruction of the bowel. Gallbladder: No gallbladder was found to be normal. No bowel blockage. Spleen: Splenomegaly (splenomies) was not found in the sclerotic lesion on the left septum measuring 15 cm. There were no gallstones or gallstones in the left or right gallstones. No other sepsis-like events were found. Tummy: The stomach wall is not well-preserved, but it is not thought to be malformed. Lungs/airways/pleura: Lungs and airways are well-defined and well-manicured. The tracheas are also well-formed and there is no need for surgery to be done. The lungs have not been drained of fluid. The aorta is well-known to the patient and has not been altered by the use of anticoagulants, but this may have been due to the fact that the patient was not aware of the need for such a procedure. Lymph nodes: Prominent 0.6 cm periportal lymph node in the right mesenteric region (series 302, image 151) and a cluster of subcentimeter (subcentimeter) lymph nodes in the upper mesentral regions (series 206, image 206) are of interest. No lymph nodes were found in either the right or the left mesteric region. The thyroid gland is not affected by the same type of cancer as the heart. Bone and soft tissues: The thoracic spine has a sclerotized focus in the posterior right eighth rib on image 327, series 5, measuring 1268 Hounsfield units, which is likely a bone island. No suspicious lytic or blastic osseous lesion. The spine is at least as old as the lumbar spine and probably older than that, but may be more than 20 years old. There have been no changes in the number of vertebrae or torsion points in the spine. There has been a lucent lesion at the inferior endplate of L3, which may be an early Sch
This is an overview of the findings from a comprehensive search of medical records. The heart size is normal. There are peribronchovascular groundglass airspace opacities in the right lower lobe of the heart. There is no increased reticulation or damage to the structure of the lungs. No significant air trapping was seen. There was no bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion was found. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. The blood pool in the left ventricle is too large for normal blood flow to reach the heart and there is a known anemia. Upper abdomen: Left perinephric hematoma was partially visualized. The visualized portion showed decreased attenuation of the blood pool since 10/12/2021.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Paediatric Cardiothoracic and Pericardial Network. The heart size is stably large and there is no evidence of a tumour of the heart or of any other type in this group of patients. There is no indication that the heart was damaged in any of the other types of cancer. However, there is evidence of consolidation of airways space in the lower lobe of the lungs at the back of the chest and in the upper lobe as well. This may be due to a build-up of fluid in the space between the lungs and the chest wall.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. The review shows that there is an increase in right supraclavic adenopathy in the thyroid lobe of the neck, with new mass on the right thyroid lobe. There is no change in the left brachiocephalic vein, although there is a narrowing of the SVC. The heart size is normal. The neck mass has also decreased, as shown by a 1.5 cm pretracheal lymph node, which was previously at least 2.4 cm in size. The right hilar adenopathies have also decreased. The left axillary lymph nodes have increased in size, measuring 1.9 x 1.1 cm, and the left thyrotuberculous vein has been re-expanded, but the confluence of the left and right brachial vein remains too narrow to reach the neck. There are no changes in the size of the heart or the pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Paediatric Cardiothoracic and Pericardial Group (CPG) Group (PSG) Network (NPL Group) Network. The heart size is normal. The aneurysm is a narrowing of the ascending thoracic aorta (the main artery of the heart) measuring 4.4 cm at the level of right main pulmonary artery, previously 4.2 cm. A 3 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe of the right lung has not changed in size or shape since 2014 and is thought to be benign. There is no new pulmonary nodule. No pleural effusion was found. There was no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. There are old left lateral 5th-7th rib fractures. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
This is an overview of the results of TAVR upper abdominal surgery for people with thoracic spine cancer. The surgery was done to open up the thoracoskeletal spine to remove the blockage of blood flow to the heart and to the lungs. The results show that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules, no pleural effusion or pneumothorax, and the airways are clear. There is a large hiatal hernia in the left lower lobe of the left lung due to the large hernia. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are no changes in the number or size of the heart or vessels. The breast tissue has calcified in a similar way to the other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the results from the most up-to-date study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A 3 mm left apical nodule is unchanged (4/69). No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion. The heart is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: The port tip of the chest tube (chest wall) is close to the junction of the heart and aorta. Normal course and size of the aortic valve. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No mediastinal, hilar, or axillary adenopathy.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of people who have had a thoracoscopy to look for signs of cancer. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Lungs are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions were found below the level of the diaphragm. No cancerous growths were found in this area. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid (thyroid) is unremarkable. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that a sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung is stable and there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Other lung nodules in the lower lobe are stable, as is the case for most of the others. There are no signs of cancer in either lung.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of patients who have had an esophagous gastric or esophageal resection to remove the esophagus or gastric tube. The radiographs show that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. There is a slight increase in the size of the aortic vein and mild calcification of the coronary artery. No pericardial effusion was found. There was no change in the number of pleural effusions, nor was there any evidence of a pneumothorax (collapse of the airways) or of aneurysm (hole in the lung wall). Thyroid and lymph nodes have not been affected by the surgery.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Abdomen Imaging Group's (CENTRAL) network of high-resolution CT scans of the thoracic and pericardial airways and of the heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. Pulmonary artery is the same size as the other major arterial veins in the body. No other major arteries or veins have been found to have changed in size or shape. No changes in the size of the lungs or the airways have been seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is no evidence of adenopathy in this group of patients. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal and there are no signs of cancer in the thyroid. Upper Abdomens: There have not been any new bone lesions in the upper diaphragm area. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified.
We found a 5 mm right upper lobe lung nodule but it is not thought to represent metastatic disease. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now shows that the disease has spread to the lungs, heart and vessels of the heart and the pelvis, and to the stomach and esophagus, and that the tumour is spreading to other parts of the body as well. The tumour has spread from the lungs to the abdomen and the sternum. There are no new tumours in the heart or the vessels, but there are more tumours on the pericardial wall and on the mainstem bronchi (bronchi) on the left side of the lung, from a tumour caused by adenopathy.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people with COPD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Platelike atelectasis in the lung bases. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with a greater presence in the right lung. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The right lung has a large airway with thickening of the bronchial wall. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the chest wall of patients with acute myocardial infarction of the aortic valve (a narrowing in the main artery of the heart that leads to the lungs) and heart valve (the main artery supplying blood to the heart) of myocardium. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a large number of skin nodules on the surface of the diaphragm wall (called a centimeter skin nodule) and extensive coronary arterial calcifications are seen.
We found that the esophagus is filled with fluid, the heart appears enlarged and there is a small pericardial effusion. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. There are no signs of cancer in the heart or lungs, but the heart may be enlarged. There may be mild esophageal wall thickening. Thyroid surgery may have caused some of the fluid to build up in the tumour. The tumour may not have spread to other parts of the body.
We found that the lungs are clear, the airways are patent and there are no pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild changes in the aorta and coronary artery atherosclerosis were found. The kidneys are shrunken and atrophied. The right adrenal calcification is likely from a long-term inflammatory or hemorrhage process. There are no aggressive bone lesions. There is stable dextroscoliosis.
Exam of lungs/Airways/Pleura: Tracheostomy in place. Lungs are clear. Extensive changes of COVID bronchial dilatation (dilatation of the airways) have improved. The fluid component has decreased since prior. The right-sided chest tube terminates in the right apex just inside the pleural space. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube ends just above the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Moderate-sized right hydropneumothorax.
This is a review of lung and airways disease in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening consistent with bronchial wall thrombophlebitis (bronchial blockage) and pleural effusion. Lung wall thinning consistent with pleural and paraseptal emphysema. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. No new or enlarging nodules have been found outside the radiation field. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. The aorta of the heart is 37 mm long and there are no calcifications in the aortic wall. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Tonsils: Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body. Stable left apical micronodules (3:70,95). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable subpleural nodules including a nodule in the middle lobe in series 3 image 256. Nodules along the fissures are unchanged and most of them are likely to be from lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from CT scans of the right lung of patients with pleural pleural effusion and pleural emphysema. There is a 1.3 cm irregular nodule in the right lobe of the lung, which was previously 1.1 cm, and a further 1.2 cm in the left lobe, which is close to the diaphragm. This is the largest of the sub-5 mm lung nodules and the largest in the thoracic lobe. The rest of the nodules are stable and appear to be in the same place as before. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy (lung cancer) or lymphadenomyositis (inflammation of the lymph nodes) in this group of patients.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of published in The Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's (ISSN 244-244-246) specialised database of high-resolution, high-precision imaging of the thoracic spine in adults. The main focus of the review was to assess the size and shape of the aorta (the main artery of the heart) and the lungs/airways/pleura (the lungs and airways of the lungs) and to assess any changes in the structure and size of the thyroid (thyroid is a gland in the neck that carries the blood around the body and helps to regulate the amount of blood pumped through the body). No changes were found in any of these. There was no change in the size of either the heart or the pericardial effusion (hole in the heart wall that leads to the heart). There were also no changes in either the pleural or distal trachea or right mainstem bronchus (bronchus is the airway that carries air from the lungs to the lungs).
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's systematic review of the effects of angioplasty on the heart and blood flow to the lungs. The heart is enlarged and there is evidence of extensive lymphadenopathy in both the left and right ventricles of the heart. There is no evidence of an arterial lesion, but the heart is too large for this to be ruled out.
We found that the right lung was stable after surgery. There were no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels of the heart were normal size. The aorta was normal size and the pulmonary artery was of good size. There was no change in the number of people who developed bronchiectasis. The thoracic spine did not change in any major ways. The number of patients who developed osteoporosis was the same in both the heart and the aortas.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. There are no new heart or lung effusions, but there is a large pericardial effusion on the right lung. There is an atelectasis in the upper lobe of the left lung, which may be due to a blockage of the airways, but this is not thought to be serious. The heart and vessels of the heart are enlarged, and there are calcifications in the coronary artery. The left breast glandular tissue is stable, with thickening of the skin overlying the skin, and overlying skin thickening. No new bone lesions have been found.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had a thoracoscopy to remove the right upper lobe of the spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal course and size of the heart and vessels. Upper Abdomen: No more or no new bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions in the bone below the diaphragm. No other bone lesions were found. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in this group of patients. No adenopathy of the thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date CT scans of patients with pleural myocardial infarction and pleural effusion. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the lungs or in the pelvis. Mild emphysema and mild bronchial wall thickening are noted.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: Lung wall thickening and bronchiectasis (bronchial blockage) in the lower lobe (3:288 x 1.6 cm subpleural thickness) with at least 1.4 x 2.0 cm in the upper lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricle enlargement. Extensive coronary artery calcifications. LAD and LCx stents stents. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Aortic ossifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No tumours of the esophagus thickened. No thoracic adenopathy. Large hiatus hernia.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine of patients who have had an esophagectomy or gastric pull-through for esophageal resection or both. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large azygos fissure in the lungs with no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is the same size as before surgery. Upper Abdomen: Stable post-surgery changes consistent with surgery for the stomach and esophagus. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with acute myocardial infarction who have been in hospital for at least six weeks. The CT scan showed that there is a slight increase in lymphadenopathy in both lungs. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. There are no signs of a large lung tumour.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent chest X-ray of a breast cancer patient who had surgery to remove the tumour from the breast. The X-rays did not show any signs of cancer in the lungs, but there was a small amount of fluid in the pleural space above the diaphragm area. There was also a trace right pleural effusion. The heart is enlarged. There were no signs of metastases in the lower lobe of the lungs. Sclerotic foci were found in the ribs and spine, but these are not thought to be from cancer.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date study from August 2021. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Severe arterial calcification of the heart and arteries, but not the diaphragm. There is no evidence of adenopathy in this group. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. No signs of thyroid cancer.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of patients with COPD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal and confluent centrilobular emphysematous changes with an increase in lung size in the upper lobe. Signs of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis, diffuse bronchial wall thickening, and multiple foci of mucoid impaction. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lung adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Right-sided renal cyst. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The results show that there is no new evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Fat necrosis has been found in the anterior part of the abdomen but no new lesions have been found.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs/airways/Pleura of people who have had a thoracoscopy of their lungs or airways to look for signs of cancer. No new lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There were some granulomas in the lung but these were not new. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or the airways. The heart was normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. The aorta was of the same size as the rest of the spine. The diaphragm was not found to be involved in any of the findings. Bone and Soft Tissues: No new bone lesions were found in the bone around the lungs, but there were no new bones in the pleural space. Thyroid was normal.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine due to age-related degenerative changes. Changes in the lungs/Airways/Pleura/Thyroid: Lungs and airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary and aortic mild calcifications have been noted, including aortical valve leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable small hiatal hernia. Thyroid lobe: Stable left thyroid lobe 2.3 cm nodule.
We found that the tracheobronchial tree was stable post-radiation in both the right and the left tracheocephalic lobe (4:167,181 and 4:289,289, respectively) and that the heart and vessels of the aorta were normal in size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways were stable post treatment with no new lung nodules or mass. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and of good size. Aortic valve and aortic calcifications were found. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Left kidney cysts were found in the left kidney. No other bone or tissue problems were noted. Osseous and soft tissues: No new bone or soft tissues were found and no new bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Mild biatrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 5.0 cm as on prior exam. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid enlargement and course calcification right anterior chest wall. Degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
This is an overview of the findings from the CABG. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung apices were not found to be in the field-of-view. Lung nodules were seen in the upper lobe of the left lung and are likely to be from an infected lung. The airways are patent. No other lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusions were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart is globally enlarged. No pericardial effusion was found. Biventricular angioplasty (AICD) was found in one of the chambers of the heart and is not thought to be a cause of the enlargement. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT of the upper abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date CT scan of lung cancer in adults. We found that there are a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules in the right lobe of the lung, but these are stable and there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is no aggressive lymphadenoid lesion.
This is a review of lung and airways and soft tissues. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There is a band of atelectasis in the middle lobe of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Although the study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries; a filling defect of thromboembolism is suspected in the lateral segmental branch of right lower lobe pulmonary artery. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Small hiatal hernia with diffuse thickening of the distal esophagus, compatible with mass seen on a recent EGD. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We have updated it in 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways: Lung wall thickening has been described as 'patent' and there are no new lung nodules or mass. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no new thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size and has not changed in size or shape since the last time we looked at it. Tumours: No new lymph nodes have been found. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body. Abdomen: Upper and lower abdomen have not been found to have any new bone lesions or adenopathies. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. Normal course and size of the aorta.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Review. The review shows that a sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the L1 vertebral body is stable, and that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is no change in the number of patients with bronchiectasis and mucous plugging in the lingula.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine due to age-related degenerative changes. Changes in the lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe mixed centrilobular paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. There is a new 1.9 cm nodule in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 144. There was no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The bronchial wall is thickening. There are other scattered pulmonary nodules, but none have changed in size compared to study from November 2017. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of large airway disease. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Trace pericardial effusion. Aortic valve is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The original review showed that the lung base of the tracheobronchial tree had decreased by 2.5 cm to 1.6 cm in the upper lobe of the lung and by 4 mm in the lower lobe. There was no change in the number of patients with pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there was an increase in the size of a spiculated nodule in the left upper lobe and a new subpleural nodule on the other side of the left lung. There were also new patches of patchy and tree-in-bud opacities in both the left and the right lung. The heart and vessels of the aortic artery are normal in size and shape. No pericardial effusion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from a neck CT of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. These findings are likely to be due to mild pulmonary edema. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of lung and airways disease in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild thickening of the bronchial wall consistent with airways diseases. New clusters of micronodules in the right upper lobe (for example 7:143 and 7:219) and left upper lobe have not been seen before. Stable 4 mm left lower lobe nodule (7:239) has not been found before. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Left aortic arch with an aberrant right subclavian artery with retroesophageal course. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
We found no new or enlarging nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications.
This is an update of a review first done in 2013. The original review was done in 2014. We have updated it in 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea and some thickening of the bronchial wall. Nodular pleural thickening in both lobes, as been present since at least 2017. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic valve and aortic aorta are still in place. There are no calcifications in the coronary artery. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Subcarinal lymph nodes measure up to 1 cm, and have been there since 2017. The main pulmonary artery measures 35 mm and the main pulmonary vein is 30 mm long. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube in place, with intact wires.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. We found that the lungs and airways are stable and there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. However, fibrotic lung disease has been found in the lower lobe of the lungs in the form of subpleural reticulations and peribronchial changes in the upper lobe. No new thoracic adenopathy was found. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There is no evidence of any new heart or vessel adenopathies. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes were found, for example in the paratracheal and subcaral lymph nodes. Thyroid glands were not found to be abnormal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Stable left lateral chest wall intramuscular lipoma was found, but not in the other parts of the body.
We found that the mass in the upper lobe of the heart is larger than it was in the other parts of the body. The mass now measures 4.4 x 1.2 cm longer than in the lower lobe and 2.2x1.3 cm shorter than the middle of the lung. This mass now has a solid, spiculated groundglass (5.6 cm in height, 1.9 cm in depth) and a stable, groundglass-like structure. The upper lobe mass is still attached to the pericardium and the esophagus but has retracted from contact with the left major fissure. There are no new sclerotic lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications have been found in the heart and vessels. Pericardial effusion was similar to prior. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Thickened bronchial wall thickening. A 1.1 cm left apical nodule is stable (5:66). A left inferior lingula nodule now measures 1.7 x 0.8 cm (1.2 x 2.0 cm) and the rest of the mass is unchanged (allowing for differences in measurement). Stable right upper lobe 1.6cm groundglass opacity. Small left pleural effusion has resolved. No new sclera-like lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No definite CT evidence for hypermetabolic lesions was found on June 2021 PET/CT.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We found that there are no new or enlarging nodules or large tumours in the upper lobe of the lung. However, there is a cluster of micronodules in the right upper lobe which may be due to small airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. There is a small lymph node on the right side of the right lung which is stable and has been there for at least a decade. No new or larger nodules have been found in the lymph nodes since 2007. No pericardial effusion has been seen. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area. Thyroid and spleen are unremarkable. T8 vertebral body hemangioma is a tumour of the neck that has spread to the vertebrae of the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the right lung of patients with acute pleural myocardial infarction. No new or enlarging lung nodule has been found. There is no pleural effusion. A 0.7 mm groundglass nodule in the upper lobe of the lung remains stable. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the thoracic or pleural area. No aggressive osseous lesion has been seen.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size and there is no evidence of any new or large enlargement of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is a normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas have been found in the thoracic spine. Upper Abdomen: We found no changes in the size of the diaphragm or of the bone in this area. No new bone lesions were found in this region. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal and there are no new signs of cancer in this part of the body.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. No pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the neck) or adenomyosinophlebitis (inflammation of the lining of the thyroid) was seen in the study. Heart and Vessels: Heart is small. No calcifications of the ascending aorta. Severe coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications were found in the main pulmonary artery. Mildly dilated pulmonary artery is mildly dilated. No heart defects were found. No pleural effusion was found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable atelectasis of the right lung with a large right-sided pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Lung airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusions. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Severe compression deformity of the T12 vertebral body. Stable bony lesions in T10 and T11 vertebral bodies. There is an increase in the number of rib lesions and there is a right eighth rib lesion which may represent treatment change.
This is a summary of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Stable scarring and/or atelectasis in the lingula adjacent to the fissure. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial enlargement. Aortic valve (a valve that opens the aortic blood flow to the lungs) is dilated (35 mm) which can be seen with pulmonary high blood pressure (hypoxaemia) and heart valve replacement and ascending aorta repair. No other abnormalities were found. Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomata in the liver. No new nodules have been found. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the heart or the lungs. No changes in the spine or the right shoulder were seen.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Calcific effusions the mitral annulus. Left-side ICD in place. Upper Abdomen: A large hiatal hernia with the largest part of the stomach in the lower half of the abdomen. Thyroid: Thyroid enlarges in the right lobe of the heart and has not changed in size over the past five years. Normal thyroid. No other abnormalities were noted. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scans of the lung and thoracoscopy of patients with pleural pleural effusion due to cancer of the pleural airways. There are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left lung and a subcentimeter thyroid nodule in the right lung, both of which are stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the thoracic or pleural area. Esophageal varices are found in the esophagus. A sclerotic lesion in the fifth rib is stable. A hemangioma is again noted in T10 vertebral body. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the lungs of patients with pleural myocardial infarction who have had pleural effusion or pleural angioplasty (inflammation of the pleural spaces between the diaphragm and pleural surface). The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the lungs of patients with acute myocardial infarction. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, for example in the left lower lobe on image 463 of series 4. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are seen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's systematic review of lung biopsies of patients with bronchial wall thrombophlebitis (BWH) of sub-4 mm lung size. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion, but there is a small hiatal hernia in the lower lobe of the right lung. Mild pleural thickening is noted, but the cause of this is not known.
We found that there is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lung on series 4, image 198. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion (hole in the heart wall). The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. There is an S-shaped scoliosis in the neck of the neck. There are no aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the thoracic spine shows that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There have not been any new lung nodules or pleural enlargement. The airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size and there has not been an increase in the size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is a normal size. Upper Abdomen: The upper part of the body is clear and there have been no new bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. No new thyroid nodules have been identified.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No lung enlargement. No pulmonary edema. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm which can be seen in the case of high blood pressure. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No other serious bone lesions were found. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the three subgroups of the thyroid. No adenopharyngeal enlargement or adenopathy of the adenocarcinoma was found in any subgroup.
This is an overview of the post-surgery findings of the chest and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are scattered tree-in-bud nodular opacities in the left lung, right lung, and right lung lobe. Some of these nodles may be larger than others. There is a trace right pleural effusion with overlying subsegmental atelectasis. No pneumothorax was seen. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable, noting a hepatic hypodensity is too small to assess. There are post surgical changes of the right breast. There appears to be nonorganised edema along the cutaneous surface of the reconstructed right chest, which could be due to the accumulation of blood, but there is no organized hematoma. 2 surgical drains are found in the right chest but these do not extend to the fluid collection. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes were found to be at risk of adenopathies. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found that lung and airways appear to be as good as they have been in the past and that heart appears to be in good shape. We did not find any abnormalities in the lungs or airways, but there are a few calcified granulomas in the chest and heart. We are not sure if this is due to disease of the lungs, but it may be due to the presence of calcified blood clots in the airways. We do not know if there is any damage to the heart or to the vessels supplying blood to the lungs.
This is an update of a review first done in 2004. A new set of CT scans was done in 2006 and a newer set of X-ray scans were done in 2007. The new X-rays show that there are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lingula, but no new tumours have been found. Mild paraseptal emphysema is noted. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion has been seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's systematic review of the treatment of adults with bronchodilator-acute myocardial infarction. There is a large amount of secretions/debris found in the trachea, left mainstem bronchus, and left lung. Mild atelectasis is noted in the lingula. There are no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. There was a 1.8 cm prevascular nodule, which is thought to be an enlargement of a lymph node. Multiple hepatic cysts are noted. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with acute myocardial infarction of the pelvis who have had an atelectasis in the pleural area of the lung. The pleural effusion is thought to be caused by a blood clot in the left pleural space, but the cause of this is not yet known. A small hernia was found in the hernia and no other abnormalities were found.
This is an overview of surgical and non-surgic surgery to repair aortic aneurysm (a hole in the heart that leads to the blood supply to the lungs) and to the heart and thoracic spine. Aortic arch repair took place at the end of the first week after surgery and the patient is in a stable condition. There is no evidence of the need for further surgery, but there is a small but not large amount of fluid surrounding the aorta and the major branch vessels (e.g. 1.2 cm in size) which may be a blood clot or a clot of some type. There are no other fractures in the thoracics or thoracopharyngeal bones. Lungs: There is improvement in the previously seen pulmonary contusions, with some small residual there is likely scarring along the course of the drain, which may have been caused by the prior lung contusion. The right lung appears to be better than the left, although there is still a small amount of blood in the left lung. The left lung appears smaller, but not to the same extent as the right, which could be due to the narrowing of the pulmonary artery. No signs of post-surgery abscesses or pleural effusion were found. There was no clear difference between the left and right lungs in terms of the number of patients who had a pulmonary contusion or who had pneumonia after surgery. The body and tail are well-defined and homogeneous, with no signs of disease in any of the major organs. The liver and bile ductal dilatation is a rare event and is not seen in patients who have had a heart or liver surgery. Pancreatic duct stent has been placed since 10/10/2021. The pancreatic head/neck junction is hypoenhancing. The uncinate process appears to enhance normally.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs appear to be clear and clear. There is a sub-2 mm nodule in the left lung (4:297 x-ray). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. No thoracic adenopathy was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. Upper Abdomen: For findings in the abdomen/pelvis, please see the separate CT report Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there is a possibility that there may be a prominent brain foramen in the right mandible, although this may also have been caused by a brain tumour. No evidence of periodontal abscess was found in this part of the mouth. Cervical spine: The spine appears to be getting worse, with signs of endplate (endplate is a plate in the spine that supports the spine) and other problems, such as loss of cartilage.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating hepatic lesions which are too small to assess on chest CT. Remains of other organs are unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
We found that there are many new and enlarging lung nodules in the lower lobe of the heart and in the thoracic lobe. There is a mild narrowing of the right mainstem bronchus from the adenopathy. No pleural effusion was found. There are no new adenopathies in the right thyroid. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. However, there is a small hernia in the aortic ventricle, which may be a cause for concern. Calcifications of the coronary artery valves are shown. There was no change in the size of the left thyrocyte (thyroid) or the right axillary lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the results of CT of the lungs, heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 7 mm lower lobe nodule in the left lung and a small pleural effusion in the right lung. There is no evidence of lung collapse or collapse. Heart and Blood Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The great vessels are normal in height and size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for a scan of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the results from a study of the size of the thoracic spine. The spine is a thin, thin-walled network of veins and arteries that carries blood from the lungs to the heart and the heart to the blood supply to the lungs. The bone in the right lower lobe of the spine has decreased in size compared to the spine at the top of the lung. This is due to a narrowing of the bone in this region caused by the growth of pleural effusion. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. The esophageal wall of the esophagus has thickened, and there is no new adenopathy in this area. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcification of the coronary arteries and aortas has been found in both the coronary artery and the main artery of the heart. No pericardial effusion was found. There is a right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Thyroid and Pancreatic Cancer Group's (NCTG) Cervical and Abdomen CT (CT) series 4. The results show that there are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung, but these are stable. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A small hiatal hernia is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the thoracic aorta and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No more or less than 3 mm of lung nodules along the fissure on the left in image 293.
This is an update of a post-suture chest X-ray of a patient who had a sternotomy to open up the sternum (chest) to remove a large vessel (the sternum is the largest part of the chest) that drains blood from the body. There is a 5.0 x 2.2 cm gas-containing retrosternal (retrosternal is a type of blood vessel in the back of the neck that carries the blood around the body) collection at the inferior aspect of the upper sternum. This collection is likely to be caused by a rupture of the sternal wall (osteosepsis) caused by an atelectasis of the left lobe of the lung (atelectasis is a problem that can lead to lung collapse and death). Paraseptal emphysema (breathless air escapes from the lungs) is also noted. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion has been identified.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. There is a stable 5 mm partially calcified nodule in the upper lobe of the right lung near the major fissure (4/190) and a 5 mm groundglass nodule on the inferior segment of the left lung (2/202). Both nodules appear to be stable. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. The heart appears normal in size. There was no change in the size of the aorta or the vessels of the heart. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues were not found to have changed in size or shape. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No thoracic adenopathy was noted.
We did not find any lung or airways massages, but found calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the right lung and a calcified nodule in the right chest port. The heart and vessels were normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Laryngoscopy Group's (CLG) series 3. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The main findings are that there are a few sub-5 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the right lung, but these are stable and no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion have been found. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications have been identified. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found in this group.
This is an update of a previously seen left-side chest port. The heart is not enlarged. No pericardial effusion was noted. There is no new pulmonary nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion was found. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in size. No axillary, supraclavic, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy was identified. Density within the right renal collecting system was not seen but likely excreted gadolinium contrast from the earlier MR abdomen/pelvis. Mucosal and/or luminal hyperdensity was seen in the fourth portion of the duodenum.
This review shows that pleural effusions have been found in the right lung of patients with bronchial wall thickening. No pulmonary edema has been seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The review shows that there are a few lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung (4/369) and a few in the upper lobe (234) of the thyroid lobe. There is no new thoracic adenopathy. The airways are patent. There are no pleural effusions. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.1 cm mm in the paratracheal lymph node, are found in the right cardiophrenic lymph nodes. No new adenopathies have been found.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of published in 2010. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are some granulomas in the lungs, but no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Thyroid gland: There is some calcified tissue in the thyroid gland, but the size of the granuloma is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of the descending aorta at 4.1 cm. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and stents. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of CT of the lungs, airways and pleura from the same day of surgery. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs are stable. There is no evidence of infection in the right lung, but there are new, but not large, opacities in the upper lobe that could be due to infection. The pleural effusion is new and is not thought to be related to the surgery. There are no signs of lung or airway collapse. No pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Improved right paratracheal/hilar adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great and small blood vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of upper and lower abdomen and pelvis. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are many bilateral lung nodules along the major fissures, for example 4 mm nodule on the left side and 5 mm on the right side (3/257 and 3/259), which are likely to be lymph nodes originating in the lungs. The airways are patent. There are no pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Cervical spine hardware is noted.
This is an overview of the findings from one of the largest trials of this type of lung and heart disease in the world. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No new thoracic adenopathies have been identified. No pleural effusions. Thyroid glands: Thyroid enlargement was noted in the right breast and lymph nodes in the deltoid area, but not in the lymph nodes on the other side of the breast. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical material in the left breast was noted.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart and lungs appear to be as good as they have been for many years. The airways are patent and there are no pleural effusions. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to be of the same size as it has been for decades, but there are some calcifications in the left ventricle that may be due to an infarct. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues are unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lungs/Airways/Pleura/Thyroid Gynaecostomy Group (HLG) study. Lungs: Stable 1.4 x 0.7 cm scar in the right lobe of the lung (5/78) with no new pleural effusions. No new bronchiectasis (bronchial wall thickening) was noted. The airways are patent. There is no new thoracic adenopathy (scarring at the top of the lungs) by size criteria. There are no new bibasilar linear bands of atelectasis/scarring. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Severe triple-vessel coronary and aortic calcifications were seen. Mild calcification of aortical leaflets. Bone and soft tissues: No new bone lesions were found. Again seen compression deformity of the vertebral bodies of T7 and T10.
This is a summary of CT of the lungs/Airways/Pleura of the chest and heart of the heart from the same day of surgery performed on 11/23/2020. There are no signs of lung or airway problems. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There were mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are of normal size. The thyroid (thyroid) is well-preserved and the right breast appears to have changed in size.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of patients who have had a cholecystoscopy to remove the gallbladder and other parts of the spine (neck and pelvis) after having a heart or lung surgery. The results show that there have been no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been no change in the size of the heart or the aorta. The heart and vessels are normal size and there have not been any new heart or aortic enlargements. There are no new pleural nodules. There is no evidence of adenopathy (scarring of the lungs) in the neck or the pelvis.
This is an update of a study that was first done in 2007. We found that the lungs and airways of the heart and vessels of the aorta have not changed much from the one that was done before. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The heart and arteries are still normal size and there are no new heart or aortic blockages. There is no new thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the lungs or airways) or pleural effusion (pneumothorax) of the pleural airways. There are no other changes in the other parts of the body that we looked at.
We did not find any lung or airways mass or lung mass but there were some pleural effusions and atelectasis in the pleura. The airways are patent. The heart appears to be normal in size and the vessels of the aorta appear to be of the same size. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues were not found to be affected. The bone marrow was found in the thoracic cage.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration study of the thoracic spine and lungs. The spine is in place and the lungs and airways are clear. There is a slight atelectasis in the left base of the lung, however the left lung is not yet large enough to support the patient's weight. No new lung nodules have been found. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there is no new enlargement of the aorta or coronary artery. The lymph nodes are clear and there are no new lymph nodes. The breast implants are still in place.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No new or enlarged lung nodles. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs of people who have had a heart or aortic valve operation for any cause. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size and there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are clear and the airways are clear. There are increasing numbers of centrilobular nodules and patchy ground glass in the lungs. There is no evidence of adenopathy (scarring of the lungs) in this group. Thyroid is normal. Upper Abdomen: There are no changes in the bone structure above the diaphragm, but there are changes in other parts of the body such as the spine and neck. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the results of CT scans of the lungs, heart and other soft tissues and organs of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are secretions within the trachea and mainstem bronchi. There is a loss of volume in the right upper lobe of the lung with patchy central opacities at the bases bilaterally, overall, findings are likely to be due to pneumonia. No pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Collaboration. We found that the heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta and aortic valve are normal. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The right lung has a tree-in-bud-like pattern of nodules that may be a sign of small airways disease. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The thoracic adenopathy is not known to be caused by the heart or the vessels. The abdominal wall is thickened with bronchiectasis and there is no sign of pleurodesis.
We found no lung mass or solid lung nodules. We found a 1.2 cm groundglass nodule in the right lobe of the lung (4/68) and a 2.5 mm left apical nodule and we could see a 6 mm groundglass nuget in the left lobe. There were no pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No thoracic adenopathies were found. The hernia was of a moderate to large size. Thyroid glands were not found to be affected. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size and the aorta appears to be the same size as it was in childhood. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus was found. Upper and Lower Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the upper and lower limbs. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the thoracoskeletal system. Hiatal hernia: Moderate to large sized hernia. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an update of a Cochrane review of lung and airways resection performed in 2010. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs were resectioned in the upper lobe of the lung on 3/24/2021 and the largest subsolid nodule (1.4 x 0.6 cm) was found in the right lung on the same day. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. The ascending aorta is ectatic, with a diameter of 3.9 cm. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis on same day of surgery. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No thoracic adenopathy was found, but there is a small hiatal hernia. Carotid artery calcification is common in the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries.
This is an update of a review first done in 2004. We found that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules in the upper lobe (4/116) of the lung and heart. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. No new thoracic adenopathy was found. The heart chambers appear normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. There was a large enlargement of the ascending aorta (3.8 cm) to 3.7 cm, which may be a sign of high blood pressure in the lungs. There were no other changes in size or shape of the heart or vessels. The thyroid gland was found to be stable and there were no new adenopathies in the lower lobe of the thyroid gland.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There is a left worse than right bilateral peribronchial groundglass and a small pleural effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications. Normal course and size of the aorta. The blood pool is hypodense relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Subacute fracture of the distal body of the sternum with callus formation.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: New large pleural effusions were found in the upper lobe of the lung. New peribronchial pleural and bronchial wall thickening, nonspecific, may be seen in the setting of atypical infection or pulmonary edema. The airways are patent Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.2 cm subcarinal lymph node (5/319) and 1.0 cm in the lower right paratracheal lymph node, are seen in 5/229. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Three-vessel coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Subacute fractures of right fourth through sixth ribs.
We found that the mass in the upper lobe of the lung was reduced from 8.5 x 8.7 cm to 4.6 x 3.2 cm and there was no change in the number of tree-in-bud nodules in the left lung. However, there was an increase in the size of the left upper lobe bronchial wall and a decrease in the amount of bronchiectasis (bronchial blockage) in the right lung. No new or enlarging nodules or tumours have been found. The left lung wall has thickened and there is a stable 3 mm left lung micronodule. The right lung wall is stable and no new or enlarged nodules have been identified. The heart and vessels of the aorta and aortic valves have not been found to have changed in size or shape.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging solid lung nodules have been found in the upper lobe of the lung. There is a trend for more and more nodularity in the right lung, which may be a sign of bronchiolitis. The left lung has calcified granulomas. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of the aorta at 4.1 cm.
This is an overview of the thoracic cage with aortic and heart chambers, lungs, airways, and lymph nodes. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusions have been observed. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. Although the study was not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries, there is a filling defect in one of the lungs' pulmonary arteries (5/228) and a filling in the heart (1/228). Thyroid gland is not thought to have been affected. The other parts of the body are unremarkable.
We found no new or enlarging nodules. No new or larger nodules have been found. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild upper lobe (bronchial) emphysema is the most common type. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications have been identified. Thyroid and lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Gastroesophageal wall thickened, but there was no change in size or shape of the esophagus. No changes in the size of the pancreas or stomach. Upper Abdomen: Reported in both men and women, right greater than left gynecomastia. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No changes in the size of the diaphragm. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an overview of the condition of patients in the post-surgery ward of the ICU at a tertiary hospital in the USA. We found that there are extensive secretions in the trachea and bronchi extending into the right upper lobe and the right bronchi. There is a small right pleural effusion and there is a loculated left hydropneumothorax, which may be due to prior chest tube placement, but is not known to be caused by radiation. The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is a normal size and the pulmonary artery is an enlargement that may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The spacer on the T3 spacer has been removed from the chest and the T4 spacer is not in place as it was placed prior to surgery on the cervicothoracic blockage. The thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysematous changes with an increase in lung wall thickening. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Right-side chest port with catheter tip in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: No changes above the diaphragm. Small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart and lungs are stable. There is a small hiatal hernia in the thoracic area. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion was seen. The heart is normal in size. There are severe coronary artery calcifications, which may be due to blockage of the coronary artery. Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Again, there is a marked dilatation of the pulmonary artery, measuring 4.0 cm, that may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there is an unchanged 6 mm sclerotic focus in the right posterior third rib, compatible with a bone island.
We found no new or enlarging nodules or tumours, no pleural effusion or pneumothorax, and no thoracic adenopathy. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta and aortic artery appear to have the same size and shape. Thyroid and other soft tissues appear to be normal.
This is an update of a study that was first done in 2010. We found that the lung and airways were stable but there is a new focus in the right lung which may be due to infection. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. There is a right-sided pleural effusion and a left-side effusion. There are no signs of a pneumothorax (collapsed lung) or of aneurysm (hole in lung wall) in the left lung. The thoracic spine is normal size and there are no changes in the number of bones or vertebrae in the neck or spine. The liver and lungs are clear and there is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Airways and Thrombocytopenia series. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: Lung wall thickening, bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thinning, and multiple foci of mucoid impaction with scattered centrilobular nodules in the lower lobe of the lungs. No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and healthy. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are large and of good size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable T9 superior endplate compression deformity. Moderate hiatal hernia.
We found no new or enlarging nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal size and has not been found to be at risk of enlarging. Atrophic thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: New small pleural effusion from prior. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. Again noted right tracheal bronchus (bronchus in the airways). No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found a 5 mm nodule in the left lower lobe of the lung that has been there for many years. There is a 2 cm nodule on the right lobe that has not been there before. We are concerned that this may be a new tumour. We also found an 11 mm lymph node in the right paratracheal lobe that was not there when we last looked at it, but there was an 8 mm enlargement of the lymph node on the other side of the neck. We have not found any new tumours since the last time we looked at this area. The thyroid is normal in size. The heart is large and there is no evidence of heart and edema. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great and aortic blood flow channels are normal. There was no pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. There were no changes in bone or soft tissues. We did not find any changes in the eyes, hands or feet. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an update of a review first done in 2013. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or lymph nodes in the left major fissure measuring up to 1.3 cm (4:273). No new or large pulmonary nodules were found in the right and right pericardiophrenic fissures. There was a slight decrease in right pleural effusion (fluid in the pleural space between the lungs and the heart) at the end of the catheters, but there was no change in the amount of fluid in the lungs or in the airways. The left pleurx catheter remains in place in the same position with tip at the left base. There is no evidence of metastasis of breast cancer in the upper breast. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid nodules. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aorta: Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Known left breast malignancy with overlying skin thickening. Diffuse osseous metastation of the breast tissue, similar to that seen in patients with metastatic breast cancer. Multiple rib fractures, some with more than one type of disease, some of which appear to be healing. Please see the bone scan.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine following thoracoscopy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with a greater presence of the lungs in the upper lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: No signs of thyroid adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of CT scans of the heart, lungs, lungs and airways of patients with acute myocardial infarction. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There is no evidence of aortic adenopathy or pleural effusion, but there is a small amount of low density material in the gallbladder that is likely to have come from recent heart catheters. The thyroid is unremarkable.
We found no new or enlarging nodules or large nodules in the lung or in the airways. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is some scarring in the upper lobe of the trachea and in the left lung, most of which is likely to be due to prior granulomatous disease. Thyroid enlargement is not known to be a cause of the scarring. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. Upper and lower limbs have not been found to have been affected by cancer.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse bronchiectasis and scattered foci of mucoid impaction. No pleural effusion. Multiple groundglass nodules are noted, including a 1.2 cm nodule in the left lobe of the right lung and another 1.5 cm in the right lobe. While most are unchanged, the right lower lobe lesion is enlarged from 13 mm in 2020 and 9 mm in 2019. Multiple other sub-6 mm groundglass and solid nodules remain unchanged, for example in the upper lobe (series 4, image 157 and left lower lobe (4, image 265) and the right breast (2, series 4, and 3, and 5, and 6, and 7, and 8, and 9, and 10, and 11, and 12, and 14, and 15, and 16, and 18, and 19, and 20, and 21, and 22, and 23, and 24 and 24, and 25, and 26, and 28, and 29, and 30, and 31, and 32, and 34, and 36, and 38, and 39, and 40, and 41, and 42, and 43, and 44, and 46, and 47, and 48, and 49, and 50, and 51, and 52, and 53, and 54, and 55, and 56, and 57, and 58, and 59, and 60, and 62, and 63, and 64, and 66, and 68, and 69, and 72, and 73, and 74, and 77, and 78 and 79, and 79 and 80, and 86, and 81, and 82, and 83, and 84, and 85, and 87, and 88, and 89, and 90, and 91, and 92, and 94, and 95, and 98, and 99, and 100, and 104, and 105, and 106, and 108, and 109, and 110, and 111, and 112, and 113, and 114, and 115, and 117, and 118, and 131, and 119, and 132, and 149, and 216, and 219, and 222, and 232, and 223, and 299, and 263, and 288, and 283, and 287, and 311, and 307, and 309, and 320, and 327, and 401, and 332, and 322, and 319, and 331, and 431, and 384, and 349, and 405, and 410, and 374, and 375, and 373, and 378, and 387, and 383, and 388, and 392, and 398, and 389, and 396, and 421, and 419, and 432, and 422, and 418, and 413, and 425, and 416, and 340 and 449, and 502, and 427, and 510, and 499, and more, and 291, and 306, and 328, and 334, and 337, and 342, and 341, and 242, and 292, and 336, and 326, and 314, and 302, and 333, and 312, and 358, and 329, and 352, and C and C, and R and R, and other studies.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lungs/Airways/Pleura classification system. Lungs/Lungs: There is no evidence of lung cancer in the lung area. There is some evidence of atelectasis in the upper lobe of the lung, which is likely to be due to an infectious or inflammatory process. There are no signs of interstitial lung disease. No air was found to be trapped in the lungs in any of the expiratory images. Thyroid: The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There was no pericardial effusion. There were no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Post-surgery changes of the left breast.
This is an update of a study that was first done in 2000 and has not been done in a decade. The results show that the lungs and airways of patients with bronchial wall thickening, bronchiectasis, and mucoid impaction with tree-in-bud opacities and peribronchial consolidations. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: The cystic mass in the mid upper abdomen is not new and appears to be the same as it has been in the past. No new adenopathies have been found. Thyroid nodules are in the right and subcentimeter thyroid nodules in the thoracic spine. No other abnormalities were found.
This is an overview of the post-sclerotic lung and airways and the heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion (swelling of the airways) was noted. The lungs have not changed in size. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and the ascending aorta measures 3.4 cm. Mild coronary artery calcifications were noted. Cholelithiasis was noted in one of the kidneys. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Stable subcentimeter heterogeneous nodule in the right thyrotropium (thyroid gland) remains in the upper lobe of the lung. No other sub-6 mm nodules remain stable. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hepatocellular hypodensities remain too small to assess.
This is an overview of heart, lungs and airways of patients with COPD. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe emphysema. Multilobar mild bronchiectasis. Further decrease in right upper lobe bandlike opacities consistent with healing. New 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lobe (5:263). Scarring in the right middle lobe.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lungs/Airways/Pleura/Thyroid-Gastro-Neck/Abdomen/Lymph nodes and Heart/Vulva/Aortic System. Lungs/Pulmonary Airways: No pleural effusion or consolidation. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery. There are mild aortic valvular calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Remote left rib fractures.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of lung, heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or consolidation. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of people who have had a heart or aortic valve operation to treat heart disease. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with a greater presence in the upper lobe of the lungs. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Stable biapical scarring. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new lung nodules have been found in the right lung compared to the prior study. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aortas. Pulmonary artery is a thin, thin-walled artery that carries blood from the lungs to the heart. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone and soft tissues. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings from a bone scan of the left breast after surgery for breast cancer. No new or enlarging nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There was no pericardial effusion. The right breast nodule decreased in size between July and April 2021 and now measures up to 4 mm in size. The solid component seen on mediastinal windows of April 2021 exam has resolved. There were no new or enlarged nodules in the subpleural left upper lobe from prior left breast surgery. The heart and vessels of the heart appear to be normal in size and there was no evidence of adenopathy. The aorta measures 39 mm.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original review was last updated in 2013. This update has been updated in 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the superior segment of right lower lobe (4/213) and linear band of atelectasis/scarring. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Breast and Thymus: No breast and thymus adenopharyngeal adenopathies. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Normal course and size of the thromboembolism. Mild arterial calcification of the heart and vessels. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's systematic review of the effects of thyroid cancer in adults. Thyroid cancer is a cancer of the thyroid gland and is thought to be caused by the growth of lymph nodes in the neck and thoracic spine. It is thought that thyroid cancer may be the cause of adenopathy in the thoracoskeletal area of the neck. This review found that there is a large, but stable, subcentimeter hypodense nodule in the right lobe of the thyrotropium (thyroid gland) in the thyroid. There is no evidence that this is caused by cancerous growths in the lymph nodes. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm long and the spine is deformed.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening is likely to be due to thickening of the airways wall, probably due to airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No lung nodules or mass were found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Left breast 10 mm lesion, enlarging in size, has not been seen before. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is a summary of the findings from a CT of the same day of surgery performed on both breasts and the abdomen and pelvis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs are stable and the tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 7 mm lingular nodule. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule has been found. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is small and there is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great and aortic arteries have mild calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for a CT scan of the lower and upper pelvis, which was done on the day of the breast and breast wall resection.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical pleural scarring. No pleural effusion or consolidation was found. No new pulmonary nodules were found. Scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules, including a 2 mm left upper lobe nodule (series 5, image 132) and a 3 mm right lung nodule, are still in the upper lobe of the lung and have not changed in size. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcified granulomas. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions were identified. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes were found to have any abnormalities. Thyroid gland enlargement was better evaluated on the prior ultrasound.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of patients who have had a cholecystoscopy to remove the gallbladder and other parts of the spine. The results show that there is complete atelectasis of the right lung in the upper lobe and near complete at electasis in the left lung. There is also a new lung nodule in the right paratracheal lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. The airways are clear. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there is no pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. The other organs are unremarkable. There are no aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had thoracoscopy to look for signs of cancer in the neck of the spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new lung nodules. Some of these nodules including the right upper lobe groundglass nodule in series 4 image 109, a 9 mm groundglass and an 8 mm pleura nodule near the fissure on the right image 227 and an elongated nodule along the pleura in the left upper lobe in image 130 are unchanged compared to the prior study from December 2020. No new pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. Remaining abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a review first done in 2013. We have not found any new or enlarging tumours or new tumours since then. There are a few new tumour-free nodules in the upper lobe of the lung, but they are not large or of high size. The lung wall is thickening and the tumour has not spread to other parts of the body. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of a pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen after thyroid surgery. No signs of adenopathy of the neck or of the thoracic adenomyosinophils. The thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airway wall thickening. Scattered clusters of tree-in-bud nodules, but no new or large tumours. No new or larger tumours have been found in the right lung since at least 2015. Stable micronodule to the right lower lobe has been in place for at least two years. No other new or enlarged tumours were found. Upper Abdomen: No new bone lesions were found after surgery to the left breast. The aorta of the heart is 40 mm in size. Postradiation changes in the left upper lobe and lingula from surgery on the breast have not been seen since prior left breast surgery.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration and is up-to-date as of March 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are thickened (bibasilar fibrotic changes) and traction bronchiectasis with worsening atelectasis and groundglass opacities and new small effusions, most of which are likely due to long-term aspiration. A 3 mm right upper lobe nodule is stable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. The blood pool is low in attenuation consistent with anemia. Upper Abdomen: There is a thickening of the esophagus around the pancreas and stomach with a moderate-sized hiatal hernia.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's systematic review of heart and lung biopsies of patients with heart disease. The heart size is normal. There is a 14.4 cm bulla at the right lung apex and a 14-cm bulla in the upper lobe of the right upper lobe. There are no pleural or pleural effusion. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuating, suggestive of iron deposition. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. The risk of pericardial effusion is low.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane review. The heart size is normal. Lungs: There are several lung nodules, measuring up to 2.2 cm in size, found in the lower lobe of the lungs. These are not thought to be cancerous. There is no evidence of pleural effusion (worsening of the pleural airways) or of aneurysm (hole in the lung wall) in the upper lobe. Upper abdomen: There is a bone lesion in the pelvis, but it is not known to be of any risk to the patient. Bone and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a moderate pleural effusion in the right lung. There is no pneumothorax or pericardial effusion. Calcified granulomas were seen in the left lung. The heart appears to be enlarged and has a pacemaker and aortic artery calcified. The thoracic aorta is normal in size and there is no evidence of blockage of the blood flow to the lungs. Upper Abdomen: The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent 1.6 cm subcarinal lymph node (series 3 image 209) is more prominent than before, for instance a 0.9 cm paratracheal lymph and a 1.7 cm subpectoral lymph node. A 1.2 cm nodule lower focus is seen on the right pectoralis muscle. A right os acromiale (a type of oedema) is noted. A VP shunt catheter (a tube placed in the chest wall to drain fluid) has been seen. There are no aggressive osseous lesions.
This is an update of a stent graft from a few years old. The stent was removed from the chest and placed in the abdomen. There is a calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe of the stent. The heart size is stable and the blood pool in the left ventricle is still large. There are no signs of aneurysm or pleural effusion, but the heart is still too large for this to be a cause of concern. There was no change in quality of life for the patient.
We found that the lungs and airways are patent. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm, including a right apical nodule on series 3, image 120. Nodularity is unchanged compared to 10/19/2020. There is a chronic small left pleural effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. There are severe coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis is seen. The spine, sternum, and sternum appear to have extensive lytic lesions. The sternalis (right sternalis muscle) muscle is seen overlying the right shoulder. The subcutaneous (shin bone) soft tissue stranding is seen, and is thought to be from the right sternalis. There was a small hiatal hernia (a hernia that is not caused by the heart) on the right side of the body. There were no other major problems noted.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. There is a 9 mm nodule in the right lung and a 2.1 cm in short axis in the left lung. No pericardial effusion was noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Gynecomastia noted.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Paediatric Cardiothoracic and Pericardial Network (CPN) Group (PPL Group) trials. The heart size is normal. Lungs: The lungs are clear. Calcified right pleural plaques are again noted. There are small pleural effusions, right greater than left, with dependent atelectasis of the left lower lobe. There is no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis is required. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
We found that lung and airway emphysema in the upper lobe of the lung and pleura have decreased in size. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema has been found. There has been no change in the size of the heart or vessels. No new nodules have been identified. There have been no changes in the shape of the rib cage or the vertebrae. The heart and vessels are normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the tumour of the perihilar and paratracheal lymphadenopathy. The tumour has not spread to the lungs or pleural space. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. There are no signs of lymphadenomyotrophs (lungs and sputum) in any of the lymphadenopathies.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis of patients with acute pleural myocardial infarction who have been in hospital for more than a year. The tumour was found to be confined to the diaphragm and not in the lungs. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
We found that there is no new or enlarging lung nodule in the upper lobe of the lung. There is a left-sided biventricular ICD in place, with leads in the right atric artery, right ventricle, and right ventricular free wall, and a tributary vein of the coronary sinus. Heart and Vessels: There is aneurysm of the left ventricles with thrombus (blood clot) in the top of the heart, but this was not as obvious as it was on the first time we looked at it. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great blood vessels are normal in size and shape. Upper Abdomen and Pelvis: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Degenerative changes of the spine were not seen.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. We found that there are multiple calcified lung nodules (granulomas) in the upper lobe of the lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or lymphangioleiomyomatosis in the thoracic area.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's systematic review of the medical records of patients with COPD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of lung disease. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a 3 mm subpleural nodule in the left lower lobe of the left lung (series 3, which 334), which has not changed in size since 2015. New 2 mm nodule has been found in the right lung (serum 378). No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thorax) was found. Thyroid: The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are normal in height and size. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis. Renal cyst at the upper pole of the right kidney. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings from a comprehensive search of the medical records of patients with breast cancer who have had a partial left breast surgery for breast cancer. The results show that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the neck) or pericardial effusion was found. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of an enlargement of the aorta or of the heart wall. There is some evidence of calcification in the liver. The right-side rib fractures have healed.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with acute myocardial infarction of the right lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the upper lobe of the lung from the neck to the diaphragm. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are two thyroid nodules measuring up to 1.4 cm on the right lobe and a 4 mm groundglass nodule on the left lobe. Both nodules may have been caused by a tumour of the thyroid.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The search is up-to-date as of March 2017. The review includes three new images. The first was of the chest and the other of the abdomen. The heart size is normal. Lungs: No new lung nodules were identified. There is no new pleural effusion. Subpleural opacities remain in the upper lobe of the left lung, as well as tree-in-bud airways and a spiculated nodule in the right lung. There are no new pulmonary nodules. Subcentimeter-long (6 mm) and 6 mm-wide (4 mm) lymphadenopathies were not found. There was no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. Pericardial effusion was not seen. Upper abdomen: No aggressive osseous lesion was found. The upper abdomen is unremarkable.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be normal in size. No pleural effusion was noted. The airways are patent. There is a prominent subaortic lymph node (5/233) that is likely to be caused by infection. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Aortic calcifications are found in the upper aortic chambers. No pericardial effusion has been noted. No other abnormalities were noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the heart and lungs of patients with heart and lung cancer. The heart is large and the lungs are stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy (scarring of the lungs) but there are a few small pleural effusions and atelectasis (inflammation of the pleural space) on the right side of the lung. Enlarged thyroid gland with multiple nodules is again seen. Again seen are multiple old spinal compression fractures and rib fractures.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the right lung of patients with acute pleural mesothelioma. There is a decrease in the size of the pleural effusion in the upper paratracheal and perihilar lymphadenopathy, but not in the number of lymphadenopathies. However, there is still a large amount of pleural metastasis and lymphadenomy.
This is an overview of the results from the Cochrane Laryngoscopy and Radiostomy Group (CLG) database of liver biopsies of patients who have had liver surgery to remove the upper lobe of the liver (right upper lobe) of the lung (lungs of the lungs) after acute myocardial infarction (removal of part of the left lung) for lung cancer. There is no evidence of pleural effusion (swelling of the pleural space) or of a pleural lesion (hole in the lung wall) from the operation. There are a few lung nodules, but these are stable and have not spread to other parts of the body. Mild emphysema (chest pain) is noted. The right axillary lymphadenopathy is stable and measures up to 1.5 cm in size, previously 1.9 cm. Mild mediastinal lymphadenation is stable, for example a 1.3 cm subcarinal node. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. The liver is fatty.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. We found that the heart and arteries of the heart are normal in size and there is no evidence of blockage of the coronary arteries. There is a large airways (pulmonary) and lung (pneumothorax and pleural) disease. There are no signs of pleural or pleural effusion or lung edema. The thyroid is normal and the breast is normal. The breast is too large for breast augmentation.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of adults with metastatic bony metastasis of the heart, lungs, and other parts of the body compared to those without metastasis. Thyroid and Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy of the lungs or airways. Upper Abdomen: A 1 cm nodule in the upper lobe of the left lung increased from 8 mm on the prior study to 1.9 cm in the right lung. Other scattered nodules, including a 4 mm left apical nodule, have not changed in size. There is no evidence of adenomy in the lower lung. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Trace pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size.
This is an overview of the findings from a large study of lung and heart surgery in adults with acute myocardial infarction. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC.
We found no new or enlarging nodules. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had thoracoscopy to see if there are any new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are no new or enlarged pulmonary nodules. There is a 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 115 and a 4 millimetre (mm) nodule along the major fissure on the right in image 260 and on the left in image 204 which is likely to be an intrapulmonary lymph node. The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: The upper part of the body is well-preserved and there are no aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: No new thyroid nodules have been found in the last 10 years.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the effects of heart and blood vessel surgery in adults with thoracic spine cancer. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No new adenopathy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an increase in lung size in the upper lobe. Common signs of large airway disease are thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchial plexus) and calcified lung mass (pulmonary nodule) in the right lung. Patchy groundglass in the lung apices including nodules measuring up to 6 mm in left upper lobe in image 97 are unchanged. The 9 mm right lung nodule in series 4 image 361 is still there and no new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes are found in the spine. Muscular lipoma in the left back is benign.
This is an overview of the findings from the TAVR. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heterogeneous thyroid. Patulous esophagus. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T4 compression fracture. No aggressive osseous lesion. Coarse calcified granulomas in both breasts.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There were no new pleural pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There was a 1.2 cm right lung nodule in the lower lobe of the lung and a 4 mm in the middle lobe in the lung. Both nodules are the same size as those in the prior study. The thoracic aorta is normal size. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the heart or in the vessels. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the spine. The spine has not changed in size or shape in the last 10 years.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable1.2 cm low-density nodule in the right thyroid lobe.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine due to age-related degenerative changes. Changes in the lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular and paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcific effusions throughout the supraclavic, mediastinal, and hilar, and para-aortic distribution. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusions. The heart appears to be normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. There were no changes in the size of the aorta or the valves of the heart, but there were some calcifications in the coronary artery. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues were not found to be affected.
We found no new or enlarging lung or airways nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura were clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were found. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions were found below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No changes in bone size or shape were found in any of the soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative changes were found throughout the spine.
This is an overview of post-radiation changes in the lungs/airways/pleura. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. Enlarging left lung nodule, now 6 mm, previously 4 mm, will not be seen again after 2021. No pericardial effusion, nor is there any evidence of aortic thromboembolism. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Small thrombus in the distal right internal jugular vein again noted. No aggressive bone lesions. Lungs/Lymph nodes: No adenopathies of the lungs or lymph nodes were found. Small hernia in the esophagus may be due to esophagitis or gastroesophageal reflux disease.
No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Stable left upper lobe mild fibrotic changes, status post surgery to the left breast. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are large pleural effusions, pulmonary edema as well as focal parenchymal opacities and consolidation in both lower lobes of the lungs. These findings are due to a combination of congestive heart failure/fluid overload superimposed to pneumonia. Endotracheal tube in good position Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is an increase in size of right paratracheals (nose and throat) secondary to the pneumonia. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Moderate coronary artery calcification burden. Upper Abdomen: Findings in the abdomen were reported separately by the body imaging section. Nasogastric tube in the stomach Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the condition of patients with COPD who have been in hospital for at least six months. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: We found that the lungs were at least as good as they had been in the past and there was no evidence of pleural effusion in the right lung. However, there was a round-like atelectasis in the middle lobe of the lung, which may be due to a blockage of the pulmonary artery. We found no signs of pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Stable enlargement of the central pulmonary artery at 4.2 cm, suggestive of pulmonary arterial high blood pressure, is noted. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and scattered calcified plaques are seen along the aorta. There is no need for a new angioplasty. Upper Abdomen: Gastrostomy feeding tube is again noted. The kidneys are atrophic. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an overview of post-surgery changes of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Continued growth of lung nodules including a 1.3 cm left lung nodule in series 3 image 342 which was previously 0.9 cm. There is a new 4 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule which was not found in any of the other post-surgical imaging. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart are stable and the airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. The heart appears normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. There is a moderate risk of adenopathy of the aorta due to the presence of calcification of the coronary artery. The lymph nodes of the thyroid gland are not enlarged by size criteria, for example 1 cm lower right paratracheal lymph node (4/138) and 4/230. The body of the lungs is stable and there are no signs of inflammation of the bronchus (bronchial plexus) or of the windpipe (pulmonary ventricles) which may be a cause of this condition.
We found that the lungs are stable and the airways are patent. There is a 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lung and there are a number of sub-4 mm nodules in the left lung, but these are not stable and may have been caused by atelectasis. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The aorta measures 37 mm and the blood flow to the lungs is normal. There are no major blood clots in the arteries of the heart. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusions. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels of the heart appear to be normal in size. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. Thyroid nodularities are stable, some of which may be calcified and some that are not. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart appear to be stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable enlargement of central pulmonary artery to 3.3 cm, may be due to high blood pressure. Triple-vessel coronary calcification and stents. No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the results of the post-surgery examination of the esophagus and lungs of patients with esophageal cancer who have had esophagectomy to remove the blockage caused by cancerous growths and to open up the gastric tube. The review shows that there is no evidence of a leak of contrast from the esphagus to the stomach wall. There is a small pocket of air on the right lateral wall that may have been caused by a blockage of air and may represent a fold of space. There was a slight decrease in the size of the tumour in the upper lobe of the right lung, but this was due to a change in the shape of the lung after surgery and not due to cancer growths. However, there is still a considerable amount of fluid in the lower lung and there is evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are found in the heart and aortic vein. The tip of the percutaneous colostomy tube (PICC) tip terminates in the saphenous vein (SVC). Upper Abdomen: Separately dictated. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the results of the most up-to-date study to date. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Stable left adrenal myolipoma. No aggressive bone lesions. Stable 2.6 x 1.3 cm right-sided chest port intramuscular lipoma.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date search of the medical records. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Finding of fibrotic lung disease is similar to the most recent prior exam which was done in 2020. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged with a 3.7 cm rise in blood flow in the main lung. This may be a sign of high blood pressure. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Eosophageal wall thickening can be seen in the setting of stomach ulcers. Surgical clips in the right neck are likely related to a prior parathyroid surgery. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No honeycombing was noted.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging solid lung nodules have been seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Stable compression deformity of the superior endplates of T8, T9 and T10.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: We found a stable cluster of nodules along the right major fissure (4:204) and 3 mm in size in the lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree. No new or enlarging nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were noted. No thoracic adenopathy was found in this group.
This is an overview of the results of the post-surgery examination of the chest and airways of the heart and lungs. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The heart appears to be normal in size. No lung mass or lung nodules were found within the aerated parts of the lungs. The airways are patent. No new pleural consolidation was found. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomas in the spleen. Remains of other abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Atrophic thyroid.
We found no new or enlarging lung or thoracic adenopathies. There are still some tree-in-bud-like nodularities in the right lung and in the left lung with new patches of ill-defined groundglass opacities, for example on image 187 of series 4 and image 339 of series 5, which are likely to be inflammatory in nature. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications were found in both the heart and the aorta.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The original review was last updated in 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Thickening of the bronchial wall due to airways disease is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lung wall thickening is due to thickening due to pleural obstruction. There is a 3 mm right lung nodule (3:273) in the middle lobe of the lung and a 1.5 mm nodule in the left lung. Both of these nodules are in the upper lobe and the other nodule is in the lower lobe. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement is seen in both the right and left thyroids. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Aortic calcifications. Mild coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications were seen. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Partially imaged cyst in the right kidney. Left hepatic lobe cyst. Scoliosis and multilevel degenerative changes of the spine were seen in the spine.
We found that there are no new nodules in the size of which to be concerned. However, there are more than one type of nodule in the upper lobe of the lung and one in the lung wall. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area. The aorta and aortic veins are normal. There are no signs of cancer in either lung or the airways.
This is an overview of the condition of the heart and other parts of the body. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. No coronary artery calcifications. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Intubation of the left lung and collapse of the right lung. Subsegmental atelectasis at the right lungs base. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules in the right lung (4/280). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. The right chest port is in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. No new or worsening of thoracic adenopathy. Unremarkable thyroid gland.
This is an overview of the results of the most up-to-date study to date. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. No honeycombing. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aorta is mildly dilated (31 mm). No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been found to have been affected by peribronchovascular disease. Thymic hyperplasia has been found in one area of the heart.
This is an overview of the results of CT of the lungs, heart, lungs, and pelvis of patients with COPD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large airways and tracheobronchial tree. There is emphysema and a large lung mass in the lower lobe of the right lung, which has not changed in the last 10 years. The left lung mass measures 4.7 x 3.4 cm and the other lobe measures 1.9 x 1.3 cm. Both lobes have multiple nodules. The anterior nodule in the right upper lobe (series 4, image 148), which has grown in size over the last few years, is the largest. The others are all the same size. Mild ground glass changes in the peripheral right lung base is not thought to be caused by the disease, but may be due to an inflammatory process. Stable and stable chronic left pleural effusion is the main cause of concern. No pneumothorax has been found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Right hilar adenopathy measuring up to 12 mm in short axis is not seen in other parts of the body. No other adenopathies have been identified. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated reports for CTs of the upper and lower pelvis performed on the same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Flowing anterior osteophytes are consistent with diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH).
We found that lung and airway changes were stable and no new or enlarging lung nodules were found after resection of the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. However, there were more reticulations in the pleural space which may be due to a type of lung disease that is not known to be caused by smoking. We found that there was a decrease in subcutaneous soft tissue nodule in the posterolateral left chest wall (5:242) at the time of surgery. There was no change in the number of aggressive bone lesions in the right breast prior to surgery. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. No pericardial effusion.
This is an update of a review published in 2004. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion. The heart and vessels were the same as they were on the prior study. No pericardial effusion was found. There was no change in the size of the ascending aorta or the main pulmonary artery. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the atrial wall of the heart were found in the right atrium and right ventricle. A pacemaker was used in both the right and left atrioventricular ventricles. There were no changes in the amount of fluid in the lungs or in the pleural space. There is no evidence that any of the above were caused by cancer.
This is an overview of the results of surgery to open up the airways of the heart and lungs to remove the blockage of the tracheobronchial tree. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. The heart is normal in size and the aorta is 36 mm in size. There is no pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications are found in the coronary artery wall and are thought to be caused by plaque from the heart. The pleural effusion in the right lung is no longer there. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Clots in the trachea and thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchiectasis) are more frequent in the upper lobe (chest) and milder in the lower lobe (lungs). Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. Thyroid enlarges in the right breast (right breast) and there is no evidence of cancer in the left breast. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and of good size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic arch and carotid artery are the main sources of blood flow to the lungs from the chest. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left brachial artery (the main artery of the heart) from the aortic arches. Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the liver (liver swelling above the body's normal volume of fluid) are not uncommon and are not thought to be related to the cancer. No other abnormalities were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the neck) or pleural effusion (pneumothorax) was found in the thoracoskeletal area of the thorax.
This is a summary of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's review of the published medical records. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size and there is no evidence of lung cancer or pleural effusion. Thyroid: Thyroid appears to be normal. No evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Upper and lower abdomen are not known to have been affected by the same type of cancer. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. No pericardial effusion was found. Aorta: Normal course and size of the aorta. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of patients who have had a groundglass surgery for lung cancer. The tumour was found to be confined to the right upper lobe of the lung in the most recent study from November 2020 and is stable going back to the lung cancer screening from October 2019. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and vessels of the heart were normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. There were no changes in the size of the aorta or the pulmonary artery. The adrenal glands were stable and there were no new bone lesions. There was no change in the number of patients with adenopathy of the neck. The thyroid gland was not affected.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. We have seen mild lung herniation through the right third intercostal space. Mucous secretions in the proximal trachea. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Stable trace pericardial effusion. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Stable low-density lesion in the right hepatic lobe, likely a cyst, and 1.3 cm right adrenal nodule. No new or large lung nodles. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent.
This is an update of a review first done in 2009. A new search was done in 2012 and the search is now up to date as of February 2015. The original search was last run in 2013. This update is up-to-date as of March 2015. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways: Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild scarring in the anterior segment of the right upper lobe and the upper lobe of the left lower lobe. Scattered calcified granulomata. No suspicious lung nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with most of the enlargement in the heart in the left atrioventricular space. Aortic valve and aortic artery enlargement. No pericardial effusion. Small hernia. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement and growth of lymph nodes were not seen in the upper thoracoscopy. There was no evidence of adenopathies in the lower thoracoskeletal area of the neck. Thyroids: No signs of thyroid enlargement or growth of cancerous growth in the thyroid tissue. There were no signs of disease of the thyroid in the neck area. Tons of fluid in the space between the thyroid and thyroids were not identified. Upper Abdomen: Partly imaged renal cysts and other hypodensities too large to be classified as a cyst. Hepatic hypodensity: Evidence of a left hepatic cyst is too small to be described. Osseous and Soft Tissues: Compression deformities of C6 and C7 vertebral bodies, partially imaged. Hemangioma in T7 vertebra body.
Aortic valve, aortic valves and coronary artery calcifications were found. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the right lung. No enlargement of lymph nodes was seen. No pericardial effusion was noted. The heart appears normal in size.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The pleural effusion in the right pleural area has not increased in the last year, but there is an atelectasis in the upper lobe of the lung. Stable size of right apical cavitary lesion measuring 8.5 x 4 x 3.7 cm (TR, CC and AP diameters respectively), communicating with apical bronchus of the right upper lobe (image 146 of series 603). Again seen diffuse bronchiectasis and bilateral fibrotic like arcades, likely sequela of prior Covid 19 pneumonia. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. The heart chambers appear normal in size. There is a narrowing in the pulmonary artery at the top of the ascending aorta at 4 cm, which may be a sign of high blood pressure. Mild coronary calcifications were noted. Upper Abdomen: Nodular surface of the liver, suggestive of long-term parenchymal liver disease. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Dextroscoliosis was not found. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues were not found to be affected by the surgery.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. No new nodules have been found. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs have not changed in size or shape. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications.
This is an update of a review first done in 2010. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways have not changed in size or shape over the last 10 years, but there are more nodulars in the upper lobe of the lungs, likely due to bronchiolitis. The pleura has thickened and may have calcified, but no pleural effusions have been noted. Thyroid gland is still in the same place as it was in 2010, may be a remnant or may be new. No new thoracic adenopathies have been found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found, but mild gynecomastia was again noted.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung/airways/pleura of people who have had thoracoscopy to look for signs of osteoporosis. A 1 cm nodule described as new on the prior study in the right lower lobe has resolved. Other nodules including the nodule next to the cyst in the upper lobe, 6 mm right apical nodule and the 4 mm nodule in the left base are still there. No new or enlarging nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. The airways are clear and there is no evidence of a blockage of the airways. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes have been observed throughout the spine.
This is an overview of the results of surgery to remove the lobe of the lung and the airways of the heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Subsegmental atelectasis of the right middle lobe. Stable tree-in-bud nodules in the right lower lobe (3:248). No new or enlarging nodules. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. No pericardial effusion. Aortic valve and aortic calcifications. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Main pulmonary artery measures 34 mm. Coronary artery, aortical valve and calcifications are normal. Upper Abdomen: Left adrenal myelolipoma. Hepatic steatosis.
This is an update of a study from 2019, which found that there are more pleural nodules in the upper lobe of the lung (right greater than left) and more tree-in-bud nodles in the lower lobe (middle of lung) than in the prior study, which was also from 2019. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules greater than 5 mm were found. The airways are patent with retained secretions in the bronchi (for example series 3 image 230), with similar to minimally increased lung distal airway bronchiectasis. There is a gastrostomy tube with tip and balloon within the gastric body lumen. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The visualized bowel is not obstructed. No ascites or lymphadenopathy was seen. No aggressive osseous lesions or acute bony abnormalities were seen.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings from a CABG, median sternotomy and mitral annuloplasty of the heart. The heart is stably enlarged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No pericardial effusion has been noted. There is evidence of calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the right lung. There are no new or enlarged pulmonary nodles in the lower lung. Thyroid gland enlargement was noted in both the right paratracheal and the prevascular lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is a large, heterogeneous mass of lymph cells in the middle of the neck with scattered calcifications. There was no change in the patient's risk of death from the heart or lungs. The patient has not been followed up for a long time after the heart and lungs were surgised. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. We found that the lung and airways of patients with metastatic breast cancer have thickened and healed. The heart and vessels of the heart appear to be normal size and there is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. However, there is widespread spread of metastasis of the tumour to other parts of the body.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart are normal in size and that the aortic valve is still functioning as it should. We did not find any tumours of the lungs or the airways that could have been caused by blockage of the pleural airways. We found that there were a few lymph nodes in the mediastinum and in the left supraclavic lymph node, but no tumours were found in the heart or in the pericardial effusion. There were no changes in the thoracic spine. The aorta is normal and there is no evidence of blockage due to blockage. There are no signs of cancer in the upper abdomen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchiectasis in the left lung base (3:405) and tree-in-bud nodules in the lower lobe of the lung (4:405). No new or enlarging nodules have been found. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Minimal aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid cells. No other abnormalities were noted.
