This is a summary of a CT of the lungs/airways/Pleura performed on the same day as the heart and pelvis. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great and small blood vessels are all in the same size and size. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body.
For findings in the neck, please see the separate report for CT of the neck performed on the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse mild bronchiectasis, areas of mucus impaction, and bronchial wall thickening, consistent with large airways disease. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pneumonia or lung edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lung and airways: No new thoracic adenopathy. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Severe aortic valvular and mitral annular calcifications. The left vertebral artery originates from the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for scans of the abdomen and pelvis. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No serious bone lesions were found.
We found that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. The lungs are clear. The airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the heart or of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pleural effusion was found.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to assess. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Thyroid and lymph nodes: Heterogeneous and enlarged thyroid gland.
We found that the lung and airways of the lungs appear to be healthy, but there is a possibility that there may be an inflammatory process that may lead to pneumonia. There is no evidence that the lungs are inflamed. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The blood flow is normal and the blood vessels are of good size. The thyroid is well-preserved and the thyroid is unremarkable. There was no honeycombing or significant reticulation of the thyroid tissue. The pleural effusion was not severe and there was no evidence of pulmonary edema. The lymph nodes did not show any signs of adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is a summary of CT of the lungs and airways of the heart and vessels of the blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 2 mm nodule in the upper lobe of the lung. There is no evidence of lung or lung edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no pericardial effusion and no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are all in the same size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for a scan of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs have thickened and there is a risk of lung cancer in the right lung. However, there is no evidence of metastasis in the left lung. There is a possibility that round atelectasis may be the cause of the thickening. No new thoracic adenopathy was found by CT. The heart is normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great and small blood vessels are all healthy. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found that the lungs are clear and the airways are patent. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The heart is normal in size and the aorta is of the same size as the lungs. There are some signs of large airway disease in the lungs including mild bronchiectasis and areas of mucoid impaction. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2014. The review found that there was no new or enlarging of lung nodules or pleural effusion in the right lung. However, there were a few calcified granulomas in the upper lung. There was a small amount of fluid in the trachea and there was a moderate amount of blood in the lungs. The heart appears to be normal in size and the aorta appears to run on a normal course. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the sternum, which is likely due to prior trauma. The right fourth anterolateral rib fracture was noted.
We found that there is mild bibasilar atelectasis in the lungs (pulmonary nodules) and there is a left upper lobe calcified granuloma. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. There is a right breast round calcification. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size and no pericardial effusion was found. The liver is normal and the aorta appears to be of the same size as the other parts of the body. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
We found that the right lung of the chest is in the first stage of collapse and the left lung is still in the second stage. There is some evidence of thickening of the wall of the lung at the base of the trachea, which may be seen in patients with chronic bronchiectasis. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta (the veins that carry blood from the heart to the lungs) is normal. The pulmonary artery is large and may be the cause of high blood pressure in some patients. No other abnormalities were found. The thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thorax) is not known to be a cause of this type of lung collapse. The right lung appears to be healing well from the rib fractures that occurred in the chest.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube in place. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. No pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Small amount of subcutaneous emphysema along the right side of the chest wall.
We found that there is a large number of lung and airways nodules, some of which are stable and others that have grown in size. There is a small hernia in the thoracic spine. The heart appears normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The blood pool is hypodense in the myocardium, which may be a sign of anemia. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: We found a large left lung mass measuring 5.8 x 3.7 cm, which has not changed in size, and a large right lung mass, measuring 8.5 x 5.0 cm, that has not grown. There are many other lung nodules measuring up to 1.5 cm in size that have not changed, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 5, image 286; and the right upper lobe on the same series, image 154. The lung mass in the left mainstem bronchus is stable and narrowing of the left lung is stable. Lung and airway effusions: There are more pleural effusions with stable pleural nodularity and a 2 cm right pleural metastatic nodule. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and healthy. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm, and the blood in the blood pool appears to be low.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. There was mild bronchiectasis and granuloma in the left lung in the lower lobe. Stable and curvilinear bands of atelectasis were found in the right lung. The airways are patent. Aortic valves and aortic valvular leaflets have calcified in the aorta. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be of the same size and shape as the other parts of the body. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent but less than 1 cm noncalcified and calcified mediastinal lymph nodes. The included part of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Hiatal hernia: A hernia is a hernia that develops when the hernia does not heal on its own. No new or large hernia was found.
This is an overview of the condition of the heart, lungs, lungs and airways of patients who have had esophagus and pancreas surgery to treat esophageal cancer. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic artery and aortic calcifications. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening. Severe centrilobular emphysema in the left lung. Patchy opacities in the right lung may be on the basis of pneumonia or aspiration.
We found no new or enlarging tumours or tumours in the lung or airways. There was a thin-walled cyst in the left upper lobe of the lung, probably lymph nodes. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta of the heart is 41 mm long and the aortic valve is normal. No new or large tumours were found. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but changes in the anterior chest wall need to be assessed on subsequent surgery.
We found a sub-4 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, stable back to 5/2021 and stable going back to studies from December 2017. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and size of the aorta. The aortic artery is a branch of the main artery from the heart to the lungs. There is no evidence of blockage of the airways or of the pleura. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the first large-scale study of this type of lung cancer. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in some parts of the lung, for example in the right lower lobe, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica.
This is an overview of the post-surgery imaging of the thoracic aorta and liver. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion, but there are a few cysts in the liver and a few hypodensities that are too small to assess.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta.
This is an update of the original review from 2018. We found that there are still a lot of peribronchovascular nodules in the lungs, some in a tree-in-bud distribution, and there is mucus plugging in the distal bronchi. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is still a large amount of bibasilar atelectasis in the right lung and there are a few sub-4 mm nodules, some of which are stable and some that have spread to other parts of the lung. There has been no change in the number of pleuropulmonary carcinomas in the left lung. Thyroid and lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies have not been found to be affected. There was a punctate left thyrotuberculous mass in the lower lobe of the left thyroid.
This is an update of a study that was first done in 2007. We found that the lung and airways of the patient have not changed in size compared to the one that was done before. However, there have been some changes in the number of lung nodules and the size of some of these nodules. There has also been an increase in the amount of bone lesions in the thoracic spine. No new noncalcified adenopathies have been found. Lungs/Airways/Pleura are clear. No pleural effusion or pleothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Right-sided chest port right-sided central venous catheters with tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Most of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcifications throughout the hilar and mediastinae and no new adenopathy.
We found that there is a large mass in the upper lobe of the right lung that has spread to the other lungs. There is also a lot of fat in the right pericardial cavity, which may be due to spread of lymphangitis from the lungs to the lymph nodes. There are stable small nodules in the left lung. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of blockage of the coronary arteries. The right pleural effusion is now multiloculated and thick-walled with locules along the medial ends of the pleura and within the fissures, may have been caused by infection. The tumour is spread throughout the upper lung and is not confined to the lungs. The left lung is stable with no spread of the cancer to other parts of the body. The examination of the lower lung revealed that the cancer has not spread to that lung yet. There was no change in the amount of blood in the lungs or in the blood vessels of the heart or the great blood vessels. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Lipoma in the shoulder musculature can be seen.
This is an overview of the condition of the lungs, heart and vessels of the aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube is in a good position. The right lung tube is at the base of the right lung and two left lung tubes end at the top of the chest wall. The transesophageal tube goes from the esophagus to the stomach. There is a small abscess in the mediastinum, but there is no evidence of blood in the pleural space or lung (observation was not done by mouth, but by tube). No hernia was noted. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tubes are in the stomach and tubes end in the abdomen.
We found a new 6 mm nodule in the right lower lobe (3/40) of the right breast. There is severe centrilobular emphysema, which has continued to progress since 2017. No other new nodules have been seen. The lung and airways appear to be stable, but there is a large subaortic lymph node (4/206) with a short-axis diameter (1.2 cm in short axis diameter) that has not changed in size or shape since the last time we looked at it. Heart and Vessels: Stable cardiomegaly. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Degenerative changes are seen in the visualized spine. Changes from prior lumpectomy noted in the left breast. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria.
We found a 1.1 cm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule in the study from April 2021 which is the same size as the one seen on the prior study from 2021. There is a chronic mucoid impaction and peribronchial consolidation in the right lower lobes which is similar to the one found in 2021. The left lower lobe paraspinal finding described on PET/CT has decreased in size and is not present. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.5 cm in the axial plane. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No pericardial effusion. The heart and blood vessels are normal size. Upper Abdomen: Most of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the thoracic spine.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules in the right lung. The left lung had curvilinear atelectasis, similar to prior. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcified granulomas are found in both lungs and heart. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable small hiatal hernia.
This is an update of a study from March 2021. We found a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung and a new 3 mm right upper lobe nodule. No pleural effusions or consolidations were found. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. There is a new 2 mm nodule on the right lung and one on the left lung. There was no change in the size of the lymph nodes. No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had a heart or lung transplant from the chest to the abdomen. The heart and aorta of the heart are normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Signs of airway disease including bronchial wall thickening and mild bronchiectasis with a greater presence in the lungs in the lower lobe. In the left lower lobe there are ill-defined centrilobular nodules in series 4 image 406 for example. The more diffuse groundglass opacities seen on the prior studies have resolved. No new consolidations have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the thyroid tissue. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size and there are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No changes in bone disease.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be normal in size. No pleural effusions were found. There is a small hernia in the right thoracic wall of the lungs. There are no signs of trauma to the lungs or airways. The aortic valve leaflets are normal and the heart chambers appear to have the same size as they did before the surgery. There was no change in the size of the pericardial effusion. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, both of which are from the same region of the body. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Collaboration. The search is up-to-date as of March 2016. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a left basilar peribronchovascular nodularity in the lung that was not there in 2014. There is bibasilar atelectasis. Stable sub-4 mm nodules, for instance in the lingula on series 4, image 200, are unchanged from 2014. Mild secretions are seen in the distal right mainstem bronchus and there is mild bronchiectasis (inflammation of the lining of the lungs). There was a trace left pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies were found, but there is a small hiatal hernia.
We found that there is no change in the number of lung nodules in the right apical lobe (5:104 to 5:214) of the right lung. There are a few more in the left lung. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. The heart and vessels appear to be the same size as before. There is no evidence of blockage of the aorta or aortic valve. Mild coronary artery calcifications were found in both the right and the left coronary artery. No changes in the size of the heart or vessels were noted in the other parts of the body. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to the report of CT abdomen from the same day. Osseous metastases: No change in stable sclerotic osseous tumours involving axial and appendic skeleton. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No changes were seen in any of the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant.
This is an overview of the findings from the T2 vertebrae/Pulmonary and Abdomen/Pelvis CT scans. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A large hiatal hernia is noted. Sclerotic metastasis in T1 vertebral body is unchanged.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. However, there were a few scattered nodules in the inferior lobe of the right lung (4/168) and a few in the left lung (1/207) which are of concern. The lung wall thickened and showed signs of thickening with new basilar subsegmental atelectasis (bronchiectasis), which could be due to the impact of the airway. No pleural effusions were found. The heart appears normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. Thyroid and aortic calcifications are present in the aorta, with dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus and mild calcioni in the leaflets. The included portion of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cortical cysts.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. No evidence of lung cancer or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications were not found. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Pancreatectomy for esophagectomy to remove the pancreas and esophagus. Thyroid: Thyroid is unremarkable. No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Nonobstructing right renal calculi. Cholelithiasis. Older right-sided rib fracture. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found several stable lung nodules in the right lung, for instance in the upper lobe on series 5, image 212. No new thoracic adenopathy. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There are mild coronary calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid lobe mass measuring 3 cm is stable in size and there is no new adenopathies.
We found that there is evidence of thickening of the airways of the lungs, and that there are a few lung cysts/blebs. There is also some evidence of enlargement of the aortic artery, which may be seen in the case of high blood pressure. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent and there is no evidence of pleural effusion.
We found no new or enlarging lung or airways tumours. No pleural effusion. Heart is normal in size. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications have not been found. Thyroid abnormalities were not found. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs have not changed in size or changed in any major ways. The lungs are stable and there are no new or enlarging nodules or large tumours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. The airways are also stable and no new adenopathy has been noted. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery and mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Stable sclerotic lesion in T5 vertebral body.
We found no new or enlarging nodules or tumours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions. Melanoma in both breasts. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid is normal.
We found that there is a lot of lung and airway disease in the upper lobe of the lungs. There is also some evidence of lung cancer in the lower lobe. The lungs appear to be normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion was seen. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic adenopathies.
This is an overview of the results of a study of the size and size of lung and airways and of the heart and vessels of the aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size and there are no new lung nodules. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the pleura. Heart and Vessels: The heart is small in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Upper Abdomen: Healed right rib fracture. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. Stable punctate micronodule in the right upper lobe (5:125). Mild subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Diffuse osseous metastatic disease. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There is an increase of pleural effusion in the left pleural lobe. The airways are patent. Thyroid gland: Worsening of nodularities in the right upper lobe and redemonstration of septal thickening in the upper lobe. There is a mild enlargement of right lower lobe superior segment 7.5 mm (5/194), which was previously measured 6 mm. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings from the Cochrane review of the surgical resection of the lower lobe of the heart. The surgery was done to open up the airways of the lungs (right lung) and the aorta (the vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs). There is a new 1.0 cm nodule in the azygos esophageal recess of the right lower lobe. There is also a 1.3 cm paratracheal lymph node in the right lung. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. The thoracic adenopathy appears to be stable. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size and there is a small amount of pericardial fluid. There are no pleural effusions. The tumour of the thyroid appears to have shrunk back to the same size as before the surgery. There was a 2.1 cm sclerotic lesion in the T6 vertebrae of the neck, which had been there for many years but was not seen before the resection. There were no other problems in the neck or thoracoscopy. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is an overview of the various parts of the heart and lungs of patients with atrial and ventricle enlargement. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is some evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchiectasis) and pleural effusion in the right lung base and left lung base. There is improvement in the number and size of pleural nodules in the upper lobe (5:75 to 5:199) and in the left lung (5.199 to 236) and no new nodules have been found since the last follow-up in July 2021. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with heart enlargement in both the left and right atria. Calcified left ventricular apex infarct. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. LAD stent. Left chest wall ICD leads lead to the right atrium and right ventral valve. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC/right atrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. No enlarging of lymph nodes. Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. Thyroid enlargement was not seen after surgery.
We found that there is a spiculated mass in the right upper lobe of the lung, which partially encases the right mainstem bronchus (bronchus) and may be due to postobstructive pneumonia. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there is evidence of lymphadenopathy in the region of the right paratracheal lymph nodes, and a subcarinal lymph node. There are other nodules in the upper and middle lobes of the lungs. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. Moderate atherosclerotic aortic and coronary artery calcifications may be seen in the main lung artery measuring 3.4 cm, which may be a cause for concern in the case of high blood pressure. The left para-aortic lymphadenopathies may be the cause of the left adrenal gland enlargement. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: We found evidence of bilateral nonobstructing renal calculi measuring up to 1.5 cm on the left. Nodular enlargement of the adrenal glands. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The major fissure along the right major lobe may have been caused by postobstruction of the bronchi.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart were stable after surgery. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The aortic aorta was the same size as before surgery. There were no changes in the size of the thoracic vessels or the heart. There was no change in the number of heart valves that had to be opened for the valve to be re-opened. However, there were some calcified calcifications in the coronary arteries and aortas, which may be due to the presence of blood clots in the blood vessels. There is a chance that these calcifications may have been caused by the patient's age and not by the surgery itself. There are no signs of cancer in the lungs or the airways.
We found a new 5 mm pulmonary nodule in the lower lobe of the lung. There is an enlarging tubular nodule adjacent to this nodule. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020. Lungs/Airways/Pleura are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size.
We found that lung wall thickening and foci of distal mucoid impaction were found in both the right and the left lung. New tree-in-bud nodules in the right lung and right middle lobe were found. No pleural effusion was found. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion in the aortic valve. The heart is normal in size and there is a large amount of blood flow to the lungs from the right brachiocephalic artery (the main artery from the lungs to the heart). The aorta is long and narrow, with a diameter of 34 mm. There is no evidence that the right thyroid lobe is different from the left thyroid lobe. There are no reports of any side effects from this review.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs/airways of the lungs/Pleura. Lungs/Airways: Scattered calcified granulomas. Mild bronchiectasis (bronchodilators) and pleural effusion (pneumothorax) have not been found. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
We found that the lung and airways were stable after surgery and that there were no new or enlarging lung nodules. There was no change in the number of patients with pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There were no changes in the size of the aorta or the heart or the vessels that carry blood from the lungs to the lungs. The right lung had a 1.2 cm groundglass nodule in the lingula in series 4 image 289 and the left lung had two smaller nodules (9 mm and 5 mm) in series 252 and a 5 mm in the right middle lobe in series 107. No new or large pulmonary nodules were found after surgery. The tumour was confined to the right lung and was not spread to the other parts of the thoracic spine. There is no evidence that the tumour spread to other areas of the body or that it spread to lymph nodes. The heart and vessels were normal size and there was no evidence of pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. The remaining abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Routine age-related degenerative changes were found in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Lung and Tumour Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There is a large, but stable, right upper lobe nodule (3:126) that was previously biopsied and found to be benign. Lung wall thickening (bronchial wall thicken) has occurred and is not thought to be due to disease of the lung wall, but is probably due to the presence of a mucoid impaction (4:114). Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. Thyroid enlargement is not known to be a cause for concern. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. No pericardial effusion. Aorta is normal and the aorta appears to be of the same size as the rest of the body. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
We found that the lungs and airways appear to be stable in size and that the heart appears to be normal in size. No new or enlarging nodules were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic area. No pericardial effusion was found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart seems to be large and the vessels of the aorta are normal size. There were no changes in the size of any of the vessels or in the volume of blood flowing through them.
We found that there is a large amount of secretions in the trachea and bronchiectasis in both lungs. Some of the cysts show signs of air-fluid levels (for example left upper lobe 4:204) and some of the disease has progressed (4:278) in the left lower lobe. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. Thyroid and lymph nodes: Thyroid adenopathy was not seen in any of the two lungs. No signs of cancer were seen in the other lungs. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and the vessels of the aorta and aortic valve appear to be of the same size and shape. There are no signs of blockage of the vessels or of the blood flow to the heart. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Multiple vertebral hemangiomata and osteopenia were found in both breasts. No evidence of cancer was found in the pelvis.
We found that a 4.6 mm lung nodule in the lower lobe of the left lung was stable, but there were some other lung nodules that we could not be sure of. There was a 1 cm right thyroid nodule and a mild compression fracture of the T6 vertebral body. The main lung artery was dilated and there was evidence of arterial hypertension in the main lung. There were no signs of lymphadenopathy in the thoracic lymphadenation area. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways: There is evidence of worsening of disease in all lobes of the lung with new dense consolidation in the right upper lobe. There is no evidence of any new disease in the left lung. Stable right middle lobe nodularity. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: Heart is small in size and there is a small amount of pericardial fluid. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be normal in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Worsening of the pleura was noted in both the right and both the left lung. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the heart or the vessels. We found no signs of pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date evidence. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are signs of large airway disease in the lungs including mild bronchiectasis and multiple areas of mucoid impaction. There is some scarring or atelectasis along the fissures and in the lung bases. There are also a few lung nodules in the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine are seen with age. Thyroid abnormalities: No abnormalities were found in the thyroid tissue.
This is an overview of the findings from the CABG. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no improvement in lung function and there is a moderate risk of atelectasis due to the presence of cysts in the right lung, some of which are calcified. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No acute abnormity. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Minimally displaced fracture of the right seventh rib. Nondisplaced buckle break of the mid cortex of right sixth rib.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: The lungs appear to be in good shape. There are no signs of lung cancer or pleural effusion, but there are some mild signs of bronchiectasis in the right lung and some calcified granulomata in the left lung. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. The heart appears to be normal in size. The aortic valve calcifications are mild. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid cyst is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings of this review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Thickened and thinning of the tracheo-septal wall and pleural effusions are noted with areas of greater consolidation in both upper lobes. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 45 mm. Mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 12 mm, probably on the basis of congestion. Thyroid enlargement is unremarkable. Sclerotic lesion in T10 vertebral body, probably a bone island. No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that the thoracic spine is at least as good as it has been in the past 20 years and that there is no evidence of cancer in the lungs or the heart or in the blood vessels. There is a large, but not large, lung nodule in the left lung which is likely to be a lymph node originating in the lung. No other lung nodules were found. The airways are clear and the heart and blood vessels are normal size. There are no signs of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mildly thickened bronchial wall thickening with foci of mucoid impaction (for example lingula 4:242) and a 5 mm groundglass nodule (4:85). Scattered calcified granulomata. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Large amount of thrombus in the right jugular vein, partially imaged. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of adenopathies. Thyroid tissue is heterogeneous.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs appear to be as good as they have been in the past 10 years. There is a small but stable nodule in the upper lobe of the lung that has not changed in size since 2019. The heart appears to be the same size as it was when the first stents were placed in the LAD and LCx. No pericardial effusion or pleural effusion was noted. The aorta is the largest artery in the body and the aortic valve is the smallest. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement has not been seen in the lungs or the airways in the last 10 years, but there are some calcified granulomata in the thoracic lymph nodes which may be a sign of thyroid cancer. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the neck or spine.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. A new search was done in 2013. The search is up to date as of February 2015. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening is noted in the right lung and in the inferior lingula. A right chest tube is found at the seventh/eighth intercostal space. The tip of the tube is in the region of the right middle lobe of the lung. There is a very small right anteriorly layering pneumothorax (a thin layer of air on the surface of the airway) and there is minimal right pleural fluid. Subsegmental atelectasis is seen in the left lung and a right lower lobe nodule was found on outside hospital CT: This is not clear whether the nodule is postinfectious or not. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Punctate calcified granuloma in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the effects of radiotherapy on the lungs, heart and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large degree of collapse in the right lung. Subsegmental atelectasis at the left lung. Small right and trace left pleural effusions. No significant change in size or distribution of pulmonary metastases. The metastasies show increased cavitation consistent with response to treatment. No groundglass opacities to suggest pneumonitis. Post radiation subpleural change posterior to the right breast. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral annular calcification. Upper Abdomen: Worsening anasarca. Pneumobilia.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: Lung wall thickening is consistent with airways disease. No suspicious lung nodules or masses. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Left lung hypodensity too low to assess. Thyroid: Thyroid mass in the left breast is unremarkable. Melanoma in the right breast is not thought to have been caused by cancer. No other malignancies were found. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that the number of lung and airways nodules in the lung and heart is decreasing but there is still some scarring in the left lung. There is some remaining groundglass nodule in the prior area of consolidation in the right lung. No new lymph nodes or paraesophageal nodules were found. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta are normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. The esophagus is clear. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine.
This is an overview of the results of the most up-to-date study of lung and airway disease in adults with thoracic spine cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a right-sided lipoma (lipoma in the airways) in the right lung measuring up to 5.2 cm, which has not changed in size since the first study in 2010. There are also a few smaller nodules in the left lung measuring 3 mm. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. Lung and airways: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcification of the coronary arteries and aorta. Calcifications of the aortic valve. Upper Abdomen: Upper parts of the body are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT chest and CT abdomen/pelvis examination. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be normal in size. The endotracheal tube ends in the midthoracic trachea. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separate scans. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Portions of the bilateral lower ribs are not visualized on the CT heart or CT chest or both. Multiple old left rib fracture deformities are present.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs appear to be clear and unblocked. No evidence of pulmonary contusion or lung injury. No signs of airway blockage. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Ribs: There is a small fracture of the left lateral 5th rib. There is mild stranding of the rib spaces in the left 3-4, 4-5 and 5-6 rib spaces, which is likely post-trauma. The thoracic vertebrae appear to have normal height loss, but this loss appears to be long-term and is not thought to be caused by the surgery.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the heart and vessels of the aorta. There are a few sub-6 mm lung nodules, for example a left upper lobe nodule measuring 5 mm seen on series 4 image 114. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart chambers are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There is no thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated CT abdomen for subdiaphragmatic findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be stable, but there is some evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchiectasis) and scarring of the lungs in the lower lobe. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of aortic stenosis or pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and the aorta is large. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are found in both the left and right chambers of the heart. Calcified granuloma is found in the right hepatocellular lobe. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No evidence of air trapping or tracheobronchomalacia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia.
We found that there was a 3 mm left apical pulmonary nodule in the thoracic lobe of the lung. There was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs and airways are clear. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. There were no signs of adenopathies or adenopathy of the heart or of the vessels. Bone and soft tissues were clear and there were no aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid abnormalities were not found.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or increased adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid nodules examined. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Routine age-related degenerative changes were seen in the spine.
We found that there is stable volume loss of the left lung with extensive fibrotic changes in the left lobe, including left upper lobe cavitation. There is no new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. However, there is an increase in the number of lung nodules, for instance a 5 mm right lower lobe nodule on series 5, image 232; and an unchanged 6 mm left lung nodule. Scattered calcified granulomas are seen in the right lung and there is right apical pleuroparenchymal scarring. No pleural effusion was found. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. The thyroid is heterogeneous.
This is an overview of the findings from the first phase of the study. We found that there are a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, for example a 5 mm right lower lobe nodule on image 288 of series 3.8 mm and an 8 mm groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
We found a 4.8 x 4.6 x 6.2 cm right apical lung mass in the upper lobe of the lung which has not spread to the pleural space and does not cross the major fissure. No other new noncalcified lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been observed. Central airways are clear. There is no evidence that the lung mass has spread to other parts of the body or that there are any other new pleural nodules. Thyroid enlargement is not thought to be the cause of this lesion. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Small pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cyst. Post surgery changes consistent with prior cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No cancerous bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
We found that lung and airways are clear and heart and blood vessels are normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen in the lung bases or in the airways of the heart or the aorta. There is no evidence of cancer of the lungs or of the pleural airways. There are no signs of cancer in the thoracic spine. Upper Abdomen: None of the major organs were found to be affected. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal size and has not been affected by cancer. No signs of thyroid cancer were found. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion was seen. Aorta and aortic valve size and size were not affected. Pulmonary artery size and shape were not changed. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and arteries in the heart were not seen.
We found that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lungs. There is a stable 1.1 cm left lymph node and about 2 cm left thyroid heterogeneous nodule. The heart and vessels of the heart are stable. A pacemaker is in place. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Moderate coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane thoracoscopy (CT) study of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There was a decrease in the size of lung nodules in the lung and airways compared to study from September 2021. There was no change in the number of pleural effusions and no changes in the volume of air in the lungs or in the airways. However, there was a slight increase in the diameter of the aorta (the main artery that carries blood from the lungs to the heart). Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were found in the coronary artery after surgery for the first time in the first CABG. There is no evidence that this was due to the type of surgery, but it is possible that it is due to age-related degenerative changes in bone and cartilage in the spine caused by the age of the spine.
This is an update of a study from August 2021. We found that there are still some small pockets of atelectasis in the lungs and pleural effusions in the left lung and in the right lung. Some of the nodules seen on the prior study from 2021 have resolved. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathies. Thyroid (thyroid gland) is normal. Upper Abdomen: There are no signs of cancerous growths in the upper abdomen. No changes in the number of vertebrae above the diaphragm or in the radius of the spine.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs are clear and that the heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size. There is a moderate-sized hiatal hernia in the thoracic spine. There are no signs of trauma to the lungs or airways or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The hernia is caused by a narrowing of the artery that carries blood from the lungs to the heart. No signs of adenopathy of the adenoids or of the thyroids. Upper Abdomen: We found that there is no evidence of a hernia or adenitis of the hernia. The heart and blood vessels appear to be the same size as they were when we last looked at them.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs have not healed as well as they did prior to surgery. There is a lot of mucus in the central airways and pleural effusion in the right lung. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal in size. There are mild coronary artery calcifications and no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings of the pelvis. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Hilar lymph nodes up to 1.4 cm and mediastinal lymph lymph nodes 1.0 cm, the same as prior surgery. Heart and Vessels: The heart has a right chest port with the distal tip in the superior right atrium. The chambers of the heart appear to be the same size as those of the left and the right atria. Normal course and amount of blood flow to the heart.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest available CT scans of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas have been found in both lungs and the pleura. Some of these nodules are likely to be due to mucoid impaction. There is a 1.1 x 0.6 cm nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe in series 4 image 175. Clustered centrilobular nodules in the upper lobes bilaterally. No consolidations to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcification of the coronary arteries and aorta. Calcifications of the aortic annulus. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes were found to be affected by adenopathy. Bone and soft tissues: No cancerous growths were found in the bone around the diaphragm. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Routine age-related degenerative changes were seen in the spine.
This is an update of a review first done in 2004. The original review was done in 2007. The new version is up-to-date as of February 2015. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: There is a 3 mm right upper lobe nodule (5:166) with no pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Aortic valve and aortic artery calcified. Thyroid: Thyroid is well-preserved and appears to be normal. No signs of adenopathy or adenopathies of the thyroid. Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable scattered sclerotic foci, probably bone islands, in the lower abdomen. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenitis.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of adults over the age of 60 years of age who have had a chest X-ray to look for signs of cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas have been found in the lungs. There is a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast in series 5 of CT series 221. No other lung or airways abnormalities were found. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathies or adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Normal thyroid.
We found that there is a large number of sub-5 cm nodules in the lungs. There is a new spiculated solid nodule in the left lung with a diameter of 1.3 cm. There are a number of bilateral lung nodules. The heart appears normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the breast. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and the vessels of the aorta and coronary artery appear to be normal. There were no pleural effusions. Upper Abdomen: There are subcentimeter retroperitoneal lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: [Mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.1 cm is grossly stable]. Hilar lymph nodes are difficult to assess due to noncontrast study.
We found that the right lung nodule in the right thoracic lobe of the lung remains stable. There is a 1.6 cm left thyroid nodule. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. Sclerotic lesions in the first rib are stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with acute myeloid carcinoma of the pelvis who have had myelosarcoma or myelodysplasmodium. This is to assess the extent of lymphadenopathy in the abdomen and pleural effusion in the right pleural area. There is no evidence of a tumour in the left pleural space, but there is a small amount of left subpectoral lymphadenopathies.
We found that the size of the cavitary lesion in the right lung is the same as it was when we last looked at it in 2010. There is a large amount of fluid in this lesion and the wall of the lung is thickening. The airways are clear. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are also clear and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. However, there is aneurysm of the aortic arch at the end of the coronary artery and there are extensive soft plaques in the artery wall. There are no new lung nodules. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. The thoracic spine is also clear of any new bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.. Stable dilation of the common bile duct. No cancerous growths have been found in this area. Thyroid: No new cancer growths were found in the thyroids. The thyroid is normal. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The cavity in the airways is still the same size as when we looked at the last study from 2010 but has progressed compared to the study from October 2020. Severe centrilobular emphysematous changes have been seen in the lung. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening have been noted.
This is an overview of the findings from a series of CT scans of the abdomen and pelvis of patients with acute myeloid leukaemia. No new or enlarging lung nodule was found. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent Abdomen/Pelvis CT (abdomen and leg) study. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung, for example in the right upper lobe on image 99 of series 4 and in the left lung on image 279. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are seen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Stable post-operative changes consistent with prior heart transplants. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No aggressive bony lesions. Upper Abdomen: Most of the abdominal organs appear to have healed from the sternotomy. No new or enlarged lung nodles. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No abnormal growths or enlargement of lymph nodes. Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the lung and airways of aortic valve replacement and left atrial appendage ligation. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic trachea. There is a moderate right and a small left, partially loculated pleural effusion. There are overlying consolidative opacities with air bronchograms that most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis, but there are scattered right greater than left ground glass opacity that are not of sufficient size to be ruled out. Mildly prominent mediastinal lymph nodes are active. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: The heart valve is still in place. The left atrium appears dilated. There was a small pericardial effusion of simple fluid. Median sternotomy wires are not displaced. No aggressive osseous lesion was found. No definite pneumothorax was noted.
This is an overview of lung and airways and the heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the thoracic trachea. Central airways are patent. No effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears to be of good size. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen in setting of high blood pressure. No signs of adenopathy of the lungs were found. Upper Abdomen: The liver and spleen appear to be normal to mildly enlarged. Enteric tube is present within the gastric lumen. No aggressive osseous lesion was found. Prominent bilateral gynecomastia noted. Mild anterior wedging of the C6 vertebral body was seen.
We found extensive thickening of the bronchiolar wall and bronchial wall which may be related to bronchitis and/or asthma. There is a 3 mm pulmonary nodule in the left upper lobe of the lung as seen on image 198, series 3. The lungs are otherwise clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. The aorta appears to be of the same size and shape as the other main veins in the heart. The lymph nodes of the chest, neck, and right shoulder were also found to be filled with fluid. There was a small amount of pneumomediastinum surrounding the distal esophagus/gastroesophageal junction with the majority of the in the superior mediastinal region. No evidence of ongoing perforation was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. We found that the heart size is normal, and that there is a trace of pericardial effusion. There is some evidence of thickening of the septal wall (pulmonary edema) and pleural effusions. There are calcified and calcified granulomatous lymphadenopathy in both the lungs and the abdomen. No aggressive lesion was found. The heart is large and there is no evidence of lymphadenitis.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date review of CT scans of the heart of patients with myocardial infarction. The heart size is stably large and there is no evidence of heart enlargement or pericardial effusion. There is an atelectasis in the left lower lobe of the chest, with an increase in leftward shift of the mediastinum. There are also several new right upper lobe nodules, measuring up to 3 mm in size, which have not yet been seen on CT scans. The right renal cyst has been seen in the pelvis, but is probably not large enough to be seen by CT. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. We found that there is some evidence of thickening of the lung wall at the top of the lungs, which may be due to increased blood flow to the lungs from the lungs. There is also a 6 mm groundglass left upper lobe nodule that has not changed in size or shape after surgery. Other scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules are still in place and there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy. The heart size is normal status after aortic valve repair. There was no pericardial effusion. A 2.6 cm hypoattenuating right thyroid nodule remains in place. The patient is again noted to be in good health after cholecystectomy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the chest and upper abdomen. The heart size is normal. There is no evidence of an atelectasis in the chest or pericardial effusion in the upper abdomen, but there is a small amount of fluid in the pleural space.
We found that the heart and lungs are normal size. There is a granuloma in the left lower lobe of the heart, but it is not thought to be of any clinical significance. There are no pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. The right lung is normal size and there is an azygos lobe, which has not changed in size in the last 10 years. The spleen is prominent but not pathologised and the spleen does not seem to have increased in size over that time. The left kidney is normal and there are a few cysts on the left. The adrenal gland has a cyst 1.6 cm in size, but this lesion did not change in size when PET/CT was done in 2012. The gallbladder is normal. The liver is normal, but there is a large cyst in the aorta which is thought to have been caused by a blockage of the artery that leads to the liver. The heart and vessels are also normal size but there are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: There is an enlargement of the pancreatic muscle in the pancreas, but the lesion does not appear to have grown any larger than it was in 2002 when the liver was last X-rayed. Further X-rays did not show any change in the size of the tumour in 2012 when it was first X-Rayed. There were no new lesions in the liver in 2013 and 2014, but these were not seen on X-RCTs. There was an indeterminate 1.2 cm lesion in the adrenal glands, which may or may not have grown in size since 2002, which is a sign that it may have not grown any more than it did in 2002.
This is an overview of the findings from the first phase of the study. There is a stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe of the lung. Mild emphysema is present. A new small left pleural effusion is found in the left lung. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found. T12 compression fracture with associated vertebroplasty material is unchanged.
This is an overview of changes in the structure and size of the thoracic spine, lungs, and airways of patients with thoracoscopy of people who have had a heart or lung transplant from the chest. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an increase in size of lung nodules in the upper lobe. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The size of multiple right axillary and subpectoral lymph nodes, for the first time, has increased in size. There is no change in the size of left axillary lymph nodes. Lung wall thickening is a sign of large airway disease and may be due to scarring or atelectasis of the bronchial wall. No new or large lung nodles have been found in the lower lobe of the lungs. No aggressive bone lesions have been seen in the spine. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone and soft tissues below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an overview of the lung and airways of patients with bronchiectasis of the peribronchial lobe of the lungs. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a near-complete resolution of the disease in both the left and the right lung. There is stable enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, measuring 3.2 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. There are severe heart and blood vessel enlargement in the main lung. The heart and vessels appear to be stable. The airways are patent. Upper Abdomen: There are stable nodules of the left adrenal gland in the left lung, and there is a stable nodularity of the adrenal glands in the lower lung. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Rib fractures have not been found, but there are multiple healing rib fractures in the upper rib cage.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of patients who have had a thoracoscopical nephrectomy for any cause. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Post-surgery changes of the left lower lobe of the pelvis are similar to those of the right lower lobe. There is decreased soft tissue thickening along the suture line in the right. The 4 mm left and right lung pulmonary nodules in series 3 image 209 are unchanged compared to the prior study and are stable going back to studies from July 2020.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. We found that there is a lot of blood in the blood pool in the left ventricle of the heart. The heart is not large, but there is an excess of blood on the surface of the chest wall. There is no evidence of a tumour of the lungs or of other parts of the body, but the heart is too large and the blood is too low to be of any use to the patient. Further investigation of the abdomen and pelvis is required.
We found that the size of the lung nodule in the right lung is the same as it was in the prior studies. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The airways are clear. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic adenopathies of the heart or of the vessels. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Lytic bony lesions in the T3, T4, and T6 vertebra bodies which have increased in size compared to study from July 2021.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. We found that there are stable changes to the right upper and middle lobes. There are stable sub-4 mm nodules in the right thyroid, for instance in the left apex on series 4, image 79, which are unchanged compared to 1/23/2020. There is mild disease in the upper lobe, mainly paraseptal emphysema, and scattered cysts. Again seen are basilar and basilar reticulations, and groundglass opacities. The airways are patent and there are no pleural effusions. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size, with no pericardial effusion. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Calcification of the posterior mitral annulus is noted.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion. No new or large pleural or airway nodules in the thoracic spine. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No new bone lesions. Thyroid abnormalities: Normal thyroid. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance in the lungs. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Scattered calcified granulomas. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases.
We found that there is a large amount of lung and airway disease in the upper lobe of the lungs and that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. The lung wall is thickened and there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. There is a small amount of bone in the thoracic spine and no new bone lesions have been found. There are no other abnormalities in the spine or thoracoskeletons. The spine is stable and the spine does not show signs of degenerative changes due to the age of the spine. The lungs are clear and the airways are clear.
This is an overview of the findings from the published research. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Multiple bilateral patchy groundglass opacities which are most confluent in the left lung base. Some of these are more nodular, for instance a 9 mm nodule in the top lobe of the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.3 cm which is larger than the aorta at this level. There is also dilation of the lobar and segmental pulmonary arteries.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Pancreatic Research Group's (CHNG) series 4. The review shows that there are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, but the size and location of these are not clear. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are noted. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the first phase of the study. There is no evidence of pleural effusion from the tumour in the right lung. The tumour is confined to the right paratracheal lobe of the lungs and measures 1.6 cm in size. There are no signs of tumour spread to other parts of the body.
We found that the lungs and airways appear to be as good as they have been for many years. The airways are patent and no pleural effusions were seen. There is a calcified nodule in the left thyroid gland. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. There are three vessel coronary artery calcification. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there are changes in the spine.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart and vessels of the aorta were stable and that there were no new or enlarging lung nodules in the right lung. However, the left lung had branching pulmonary nodules which are likely to be due to airway disease. The right lung had a small but stable pleural effusion and aortic effusion. There was no change in the size of the coronary artery or the blood vessels. The thoracic adenopathy of the thyroid gland was not found to be different from that of the other parts of the body. There were no changes in the number or size of any of the bony lesions in the fifth rib or in the abdomen.
This is an overview of the various parts of the heart, lungs, lungs and airways of people with heart disease who have had a stroke. The main findings are the presence of a spiculated mass in the upper lobe of the lungs and a nodule in the lower lobe. The nodule is connected to the major fissure in the right lung by a thin line that is about 1.6 cm long and has a thin, thinning wall that tethers the main lung to the airway. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax (collapsed lung). There is a small hernia in the aorta and no pericardial effusion (hole in the wall that leads to the heart). There are some lucent lesions in the spine (for example C7, T3 vertebral bodies) and aortic calcifications. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area (neck) and the thyroid (thyroid gland) is unremarkable. However, there is a thinning of the esophageal wall which can be seen in people with GERD.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs appear to be normal in size. There is some scarring in the lungs, but no new or enlarging lymph nodes were seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal. There are three-vessel coronary artery disease, but there is no pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to be of the same size as the other chambers. The pelvis did not have any aggressive bone lesions. The breast tissue was not found to have changed in any major way. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the breast tissue. Breast cancer is not known to be a problem at this time.
We found that there are new sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left lower lung and small airways disease is seen in the right upper lung. No pleural effusion was found. There is a right chest port with the distal tip of aorta extending from the chest to the heart. The heart chambers are normal in size and there is three-vessel coronary artery calcification. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy was found in the thoracoskeletal system. There was no evidence of adenopathies in the lungs or the airways. However, there is a 1.8 cm lesion in the thyroid gland that is not well described. The tumour is not thought to be cancerous.
We found that there is a stable sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right upper lobe of the lung. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were seen. There is mucus impaction in the upper lobe. No pleural effusions. There are stable sclerotic lesions in the T1 and T10 vertebral bodies. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. Upper Abdomen: There is a small hiatal hernia in the pelvis. We found a stable lesion at the level of T10 that expands the foramen and measures 2.1 cm Hounsfield unit 7, likely representing a perineural cyst. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased conspicuity of subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes, possibly to the left of the trachea, similar to prior.
We found that the tumour of the esophagus has not spread to other parts of the body. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The tumour is still in the upper lobe of the lung and there is a 6 mm groundglass lung nodule in the left upper lobe. There are no signs of cancer in the lower lobe.
This is an overview of the results from the review of the heart, lungs, and airways of patients who have had surgery to open up the airways and lungs of the lungs to remove the blockage. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta and pulmonary artery, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thyroid gland has a single large nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size. This was seen in 2013 and is thought to be due to impaction of mucus from the lungs. The other nodules are not known to cause harm.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of patients who have been admitted to a thoracoscopy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are thin and filled with small pockets of air that may be due to cavitary (pulmonary) pneumonia or necrotic (pneumothoracic) pneumonia. There is a significant amount of subcutaneous emphysema in the chest wall. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels are normal size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size and left-sided central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. Right IJ ECMO cannula and partially visualized right IVC ECMO canula. Upper Abdomen: Upper parts of the body are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
We found that there is a new sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right middle lobe of the right breast. There is an os acromiale on the right. There are no pleural effusions or pericardial effusion. The heart appears to be normal in size. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid is unremarkable. The left breast has a subcentimeter retroperitoneal lymph node and there are multiple subcentimeters of lymph nodes in the mediastinal and axillary lymph nodes. The right breast appears to have the same size and shape as the left breast. The breast implants were removed on November 7, 2020.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT of the diaphragm and lung biopsies of patients with acute myocardial infarction of the aortic artery. Aortic arterial calcifications were found in the lower lobe of the lungs. There was no evidence of lung collapse or pleural effusion, nor was there evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. No thoracic lymphadenopathy was found. A hiatal hernia was noted in the pelvis. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the study. We found that there is a 1.0 cm right posterior paratracheal node (nonspecific) in the right ventricle of the lung, but no signs of adenopathy were seen. The heart size is enlarged. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion. There are three-vessel coronary calcification. The liver shows a contour and an enlargement of the caudate lobe. Bones and soft tissue show that there are scattered sclerotic lesions in the visualized osseous structures, which may be due to the spread of metastases from the cancer to other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs/airways of adults who have had a heart or blood vessel blockage. The heart and blood vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The lungs are clear and the airways are clear. However, there are some calcified pleural plaques along the diaphragm and aorta of the heart. This may be due to the presence of small nodules in the lung and may be caused by a change in the rhythm of the lungs. There is no sign of cancer in the lungs or airways. There are no signs of cancerous growths in the lymph nodes or in the thyroid gland.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are described as normal in size. There is no evidence of lung or airway effusion or pleural effusion. Pneumothorax is not known to be a cause for concern. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large in size and there is no pericardial effusion (hole in the middle of the heart). There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Large right renal mass is partially imaged. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the neck) was seen. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
We found that there is a right-sided Port-A-Cath with a distal tip in the distal SVC. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There are some coronary artery calcifications. No new or enlarging nodules were seen. No pleural effusions were identified. There is a stable hemangioma in the vertebral body of T8. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Scattered sclerotic densities are likely to be due to the presence of bone islands in the sclerotized tissue. There was a large amount of fluid in the biceps and subscapularis muscles.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are no lymph nodes in the thorax or lungs. The heart appears to be the same size as it was prior to surgery. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Spine and Spine: There is a large number of lytic lesions in the spine with the most prominent in the right lower lobe. There is some atelectasis of the spiculated lesion in the left lung. There are other lesions in other parts of the spine, but it is not clear whether these are new or not. No new lesions were found after surgery. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to have a normal size and there was no effusion of the aorta. Normal course and size of the arteries. No pleural effusions.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria.
We found that there are many new metastatic lesions in the lungs, some of them measuring up to 1.0 cm in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. There is stable subcentimeter hypodensities in the left thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: A right chest port distal tip terminates in the distal SVC. The left atrium is stably enlarged. Normal course and size of the aorta. There are coronary calcifications of LAD. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0cm in size and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: There is a likely hemangioma in the T3 and T8 vertebral body that is likely to be confined to the spinal canal and causing mild stenosis of the central canal. This could be due to degenerative changes versus meningioma. Ribs: There are new sclerotic densities along the left 3-6 ribs.
We found no new or enlarging nodules or lymph nodes. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Please see separate scan of the abdomen/pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 6 mm right upper lobe nodule (4:79) and 5 mm right lung (4-162) in the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lung wall thickening. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Status post right nephrectomy. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings of the CABG. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are moderate pleural effusions, greater on left. Endotracheal tube is in place. There is a mucus plugging in the bronchi. No central pulmonary embolism is seen. No thoracic adenopathy was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There was a small pericardial effusion. Antidependent pneumopericardium was found in the chest and appears to be stable. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found a 1.5 cm ground glass nodule in the superior segment of the left lower lobe and a 9 mm breast lesion in the right breast. There is no associated soft tissue component on mediastinal windows. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs appear to be stable and that the heart and vessels of the aorta and aortic valve have not changed in size or shape. However, there are some small, but stable, pleural effusion in the left pleural lobe. There is a small but stable tumour in the right lung. There are also a few small, stable nodules in the other lungs. The heart and the vessels appear to have no pericardial effusion.
We found that lung nodules were seen in the right lower lobe of the lung on the first thick-section CT. There is bibasilar atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pleural swelling. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: Heart is healthy. No pericardial effusion. Aorta and aorta are normal size and shape. Coronary artery calcifications. Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new enlarging or new lung or lung nodules in the lung or airways or pleural effusions. However, there is a lot of mucous plugging in the trachea and some atelectasis in the right lung. There is some scarring in the left lung and some granuloma in the lower lobe. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be the same size and shape as they were when we last looked at them. There are no signs of cancer in the heart or the vessels. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in this study. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion was found. The aortic valve appears to be in the same shape as it was when we looked at the last time we looked.
We found a 1.3 cm subpleural groundglass nodule in the right lung (3:34) that has been there since at least 2010. No new nodules were found after surgery. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. There are no new pleural nodules in the left lung (4 mm, 3:330) or in the middle of the lung (1.2 mm) that have been there for at least four years. There was no new growth after surgery in either lung. The right lung is stable. The left lung is also stable, but there is a 1-2 mm increase in the number of micronodules, which may be related to prior surgery. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. The aorta of the aortic artery is normal and there are no signs of calcification of the artery. The thoracic adenopathy is not known to be caused by the surgery.
We found that there is a stable 6 mm pulmonary nodule in the left lung at the top of the lung. There is minimal atelectasis at the lung bases. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Three-vessel coronary artery calcification is seen. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report on the pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Slight interval increase in metastatic disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebra body from 0.7 cm to 1.2 cm.
This is a summary of the findings of the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcification. Aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No new or enlarging nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. Atrophic thyroid. Esophagus: Some of the esophagus is patulous.
This is an overview of the results from the review of surgical and non-sarcoma lung and heart surgery in adults who have had aortic valve surgery for heart disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are open and there is a trace of pleural effusion in the right lung. No thoracic adenopathy was found. Heart and Vessels: There is a biatrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion. A right subclavian catheter is in the chest and leads to the right axilla. Upper Abdomen: An enteric tube leads from the chest to the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there is an anemia in the blood pool.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. We found that the heart size is normal, and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. There is some evidence of heart disease in the chest, but the risk of this is low. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy. The stents were placed in the celiac artery in the lower abdomen, and the stents are still in place. We are not sure if they will be in place for long enough to cause any harm.
We found no new tumour in the chest or lungs. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe of the lung, which is likely to be from a lymphangioleiomyomatosis (a type of cancer that starts in the lungs and travels down to the lungs). There is no new lung nodule. There are a few thin-walled cysts in the left lower lobe, which may be a cancer of the lymphatic system. The heart size is normal and there is no pericardial effusion. Multiple left thyroid nodules are found, measuring up to 1.8 cm in size, in the upper abdomen. No new tumours were found in the pelvis. No aggressive osseous lesion was found. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart is normal in size. There is a sub 4-mm nodule in the right lobe of the thyroid gland dating back to at least 2015. The lungs are stable and the central airways are patent. No pleural effusion or growth of pleural adenopathy. Thyroid gland is stable and there is a 3 mm nodule on the right side of the right lung. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. No significant coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unchanged left renal cyst with punctate calcification. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies.
This is an update of a review first done in 2013. The results show that there is some thickening of the bronchial wall in both lungs and the airways (bronchial plexus) and there is mild emphysema. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found, but there are a few sub-4 mm nodules in the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. Thyroid enlargement has not been seen in either lung or the airway. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Mildly thickened esophageal wall thickening. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous.
We found a 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:159). No new or enlarging nodules have been found since the surgery in May 2019. The lungs are stable and have not changed in size or shape. There is a small hole in the wall of the lung which can be seen in the setting of GERD. The appearance of the lungs has not changed since May 2021. The aorta of the heart is normal in size and the main aortic artery is dilated. There are no signs of arterial blockage or blockage. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower lobe. There was a small hernia in the right lower lobe which is not thought to have been caused by the surgery. There were no changes in the size of the nodule or in the shape of the aneurysm. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.0 cm. Hemangioma in the T9 vertebrae of the neck was not found after surgery.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the chest wall and neck of the patient. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large central tracheobronchial tree, which is likely to be a lymph node originating in the lungs. There is no evidence of cancer of the lungs or of the airways. There are no signs of cancer in the pleura or pleura. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The arteries of the heart are clear and there are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood veins are normal. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found. However, there is edema of the left supraclavicular region and left upper anterior chest wall, may be a sequela of venous obstruction. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent although evaluation of the other jugular veins is limited.
This is a summary of the findings from the review of the post-surgery chest X-ray of the heart and lungs of the patient. The results show that the lungs are still not large and there is still a lot of fluid in the airways. There is also mild bronchiectasis (inflammation of the bronchus) in the lungs, which may be due to the presence of a blood clot in the main pulmonary artery. The main lung artery is large, measuring 3.8 cm, and may be seen in the case of high blood pressure. The thoracic adenopathy appears to be the same as the other parts of the body. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs appear to be stable, although there are a few new micronodules in the left lung. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion or consolidation was found. Heart and Vessels: Left-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary calcifications. Stable sclerotic foci in the right fourth and sixth lateral ribs. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the results of the post-surgery imaging of the heart and lungs of patients who have had heart and lung surgery. The heart appears to be normal in size, with no pericardial effusion. There is a right chest wall Chemo-Port, which leads to the heart, and a right lung wall with a small hernia. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Again seen are changes to the left lungs, with loss of volume of the left lung in the upper lobe. The left basilar gas collection, is again seen, measuring up to approximately 6.5 cm, and there is no change in the right basilar hydropneumothorax. However, there is an improvement in previously seen right lower lobe groundglass opacities. Emphysema/Mucus plugging in bronchi/Bronchi: There is an increase in the number of bronchi with mucus blockage. No aggressive bone lesions were seen, but there are some nonobstructive renal calculi. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large, and the aorta is an open vessel, with a diameter of 3.7 cm. There are mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. There was no thoracic adenopathy. There were no aggressive bone lesions. The abdominal wall wall wall has a small hiatal hernia, which is not thought to be caused by the surgery itself.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs were stable after surgery. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta were normal size. There were no new or more than one large lung nodule in the left upper lobe. There was no change in the size of the pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe which were found to be the same as those found after surgery in the lower lobe of the thoracic spine in the last 10 years. We found no changes in the number of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Upper Abdomen: We found that most of the other parts of the body were in good condition. No changes were found in the bones of the spine or in the heart or the vessels.
This is an update of a study that was done in the right breast of a breast cancer survivor who had surgery to reduce the size of the tumour and to remove part of the thyroid gland. The breast was then resected and the cancer spread to other parts of the body. This update found that the breast had spread to the lungs and the airways. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and vessels of the thoracic aorta were normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the heart or of the vessels. The tumour was not found to be confined to the chest or the lungs. There were no new lymph nodes found after surgery.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. Mild bronchiectasis in the lung bases which is likely due to aspiration. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema. There are a few parenchymal lung nodules, for example 4.5 mm in the right lung and 5.5 in the left lung, and a large pleural tumour in the middle lobe. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. Lung wall thickening is noted. Thyroid gland (thyroid) is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Mild dilatation of the aorta to 3.7 cm. Mild aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the upper and lower limbs. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T8 vertebral bodies. Multilevel vertebral body hemangiomas were seen in the bilateral humeral heads, likely bony islands.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 4 mm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 318. This nodule is unchanged going back to study from April 2006. No new or enlarged lung nodles. No consolidations. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracogenic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found a 4 mm left lung nodule in the left lung of the thoracic spine. There is no evidence of adenopathy or pleural effusion in this lung. The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Cholelithiasis. Osseous and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the SVC. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No new or enlarging lung nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracical adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter-sized thyroid nodules in the thyroid. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that the right lung and airways are stable with no new pleural effusions. The previous 7.5 mm right lower lobe nodule near the right major fissure is new from prior. Calcified granuloma was found in the middle lobe. There is no new thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Mild left atrioventricular thrombophlebitis (heart disease of the atria) and atria of the aorta. Stable mild ectasia of the descending artery (downing of the heart) at 3.8 cm. Three-vessel coronary calcifications and calcified plaques are found along the artery including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Unremarkable thyroid gland.
This is an overview of the results of the most up-to-date review of the heart, lungs and airways of patients with acute myocardial infarction. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There is mild thickening of the bronchial wall, particularly in the right lung, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The aortic aneurysm measuring 4.5 cm is noted, which is new from the last follow-up in 2019. There are severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The lung wall is thickened and a loop recorder is noted in the anterior left chest wall. Hypodensities in the liver are again noted, one of which now demonstrates punctate calcifications, new from a prior examination. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The patient is well-travelled and well-loved by family and friends.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Collaboration. The search is up to date as of 3/26/2018. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are mild coronary calcifications. There is a small hiatal hernia. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that post-surgery changes in the lungs/airways/pleura were stable and no new or enlarging lung nodules were found compared to the prior surgery. No new lung nodles were found after the first surgery. There were no new lung or airway nodules after the second surgery. The right lung was the same size as it was when the first procedure was done. There was no change in the size of the right lung nodule. The left lung had no new nodules. The thoracic aorta and aortic veins were normal size. The heart and vessels were of normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: No new bone lesions were found and there were no aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes were found in the spine.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs appear to be in good shape. There is patchy, but not a lot of change, of the size and shape of the lung in keeping with pneumonia. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The aorta and vessels of the heart appear to have a normal course and size. There was no change in the size of the aortic valve. There were no changes in the diameter of the chest wall or in the length of the airways. The lymph nodes did not show any signs of adenopathy.
We found that there is a large amount of emphysema in both lungs. There is a lot of narrowing of the trachea and mainstem airways, which can be seen in bronchomalacia. The tracheostomy tube ends in the airways in the upper thoracic region. There are also a few small airways impacts in the left lung and a small subcentimeter lung nodule in the right lung. The aorta of the heart is large and narrow, with three-vessel coronary arterial calcifications. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which is a sign of high blood pressure. No signs of arterial thrombosis were found. There were no signs of pleural effusion or pleural edema. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aorta is narrow and the main artery is narrowed, which indicates that it is likely to be a source of blood clots. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is severe lung disease with a high risk of pulmonary edema, which could be due to a build-up of fluid in the lungs due to lack of oxygenation of the blood. The lungs appear to have a narrow airway with a small amount of impaction in the mainstem bronchi. The gastrostomy tube is long and thin, which means that the tube may not be able to reach all the way to the lungs and thus may block the airway drainage. The abdomen has a small hernia, which may be caused by aortic stenosis. Upper Abdomen: Small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Partially visualized a C6 compression deformity which is age indeterminant although it appears to be long-term. No definite aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. Ribs: There are bilateral subacute rib fractures.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Clear lungs. No new lung cancer has been found. Calcified granuloma was found in the right upper lobe of the lung. No other lung cancer was found. Heart and Vessels: No new heart or aortic enlargement was found, but there is a concern of enlargement in the left ventricles of the heart. Aortic stenosis is not known to be a cause of the enlargement. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left axillary lymph nodes measure up to 1.0 cm but have a normal fatty hilum suggesting benign etiology. No additional enlarged lymph nodes were found.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural nodules. There were no pleural effusion or pleothorax. There was no pericardial effusion. The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There is mild aortic valvular calcification. The lymph nodes are worsening left axillary adenopathy, measuring up to 4.2 cm in diameter, previously 1.9 cm in short axis. The breast adenopathies are improved. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Worsening of periportal adenitis is again noted, better evaluated on abdominal CT dated 10/23/2021. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of lung and airway surgery for adults with ILD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are in good condition. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Aortic and aortic valve calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased number of subcentimeter lymph nodes with subcarinal nodes measuring up to 13 mm.
This is an overview of the aortic aorta and other parts of the thoracic lung and airways of the heart. Aortic dissection has been done in patients who have had heart surgery to open up the main artery from the chest to the abdomen. This is done to see if there is any evidence of narrowing or narrowing of the artery. The patient is in the second stage of heart surgery and is on a ventricle ventilator. The heart is at the top of the chest wall and the pacemaker leads run from the right lung to the right atrium and the ventricles of the lungs. This patient had chest surgery to fix a pacemaker in the first stage of surgery and has been in hospital for more than a year. The main findings of this review are that: 1. No signs of adenopathy in the lungs or airways were found. 2. No evidence of pneumonia. 3. No pericardial effusion. 4. No changes in the heart rhythm. 5. No change in the blood flow to the heart or circulation.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original review was done in 2008. This update has been updated in 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: The tracheobronchial tree (tracheostomy tube) is in the upper lobe of the lung with thickening of the airways and pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: The hemodialysis catheters run from the right lung to the right atrium. Blood in the blood pool is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or tumours in the right lung. The right lung is stable and the right perihilar (bronchial wall) has improved. No new or large lung nodles or tumour-like growths were found. However, there is a chronic thickening of the right pleural wall. No pleural effusion was found. Thyroid surgery did not result in any new tumours. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be normal size and there is no evidence of aortic valve effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion, and there was no change in the size of the vessels.
This is an overview of the findings of CT scans of the lungs, heart, and pelvis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways show signs of large airways disease including mild bronchial wall thickening and mild scarring in the right lung with bronchiolectasis (for example 4:313) and bronchiectasis (4:263) and scarring at the lung bases. Mild of the right hemidiaphragm (hematoma) and right pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal size and volume. No evidence of adenopathies in the neck or in the thoracoid fossa. Gastroesophagus/Esophagus: Eosophageal wall thickened with fluid and debris noted in the proximal portions of the esophagus which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Small hernia (hindi hernia) in the hernia area. No signs of pericardial effusion (hole in the wall of the heart) or peritoneal effusion in the peritoneum. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been found to be at risk of peritonitis (inflammation of the lymph nodes) or lymphatic drainage. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Nodules are most likely benign postinfectious or postinflammatory in etiology.
This is an overview of the lung and airways of patients with lung cancer who have had a chest X-ray to look for signs of lung cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are a few lung nodules, most of which were seen on prior lung X-rays and are likely to be from lymph nodes in the lung. No lung cancer was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta and pulmonary artery, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen. No other abnormalities were noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatal hernia. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
We found 7 mm pulmonary nodule in the left upper lobe of the lung from July 2021 to July 2017 and a new 3 mm lung nodule from July 2017. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No cancerous growths in the lymph nodes. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid cells. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is still in the same location as the one described in the first study. Other scattered pulmonary nodules including a 4 mm right middle lobe nodule in the thoracic lobe are still there and there is no evidence that they have changed in size or size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: None of the major organs were found to be affected. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid cells. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from this review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: Similar masslike consolidation opacities in the right upper lobe with associated bronchiectasis, consistent with previously seen lung neoplasm. There are a few scattered groundglass nodules in the left lower lobe which have not changed in size. There is no evidence of new disease. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Right-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis, otherwise unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval development of subcentimeter lymphadenopathies, increased in number compared to prior.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusions. No lung or airways enlargement was noted. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. The heart and vessels appeared to be normal in size. There were no heart chambers or pericardial effusion. The thyroid gland is nodular. However, there were some calcified granulomas in the heart and arteries of the aorta.
We found that there are many stable 4 mm pulmonary nodules in the lungs, some in a tree-in-bud pattern, for instance in the left lung on series 3, image 200. There is mild bibasilar air trapping on expiratory view. No pleural effusion. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No thoracic adenopathy was found. There was a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries.
This is an overview of the findings from the published research on the thoracic spine and lung and airways of patients with thoracoscopy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of large airway disease including bronchial wall thickening and areas of mucoid impaction. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Atrophic kidneys. Calcifications in the liver. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lung adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the lung and airways and the heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: Endotracheal tube in good position. There is a small leak in the right lung that leads to a small right hydropneumothorax (hole in the lung wall). There is no evidence of infection. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tubes end just above the diaphragm. The transesophageal tube terminates in the upper portion of the stomach.
This is an overview of the post-surgery changes of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. No new bony lesions. No aggressive bony lesion. No cancer cells were found in the sternotomy area. Bilateral breast implants in place.
We found that there is a 15 x 13 mm nodule in the medial left upper lobe of the lung that was not there on the last PET (2/5/2021) but was there on prior PET when it was 11 x 8 mm. Mild nodularity along the left fissure is noted. There is no clear cause for this enlargement. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is mild emphysema. No pneumonia or lung edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in the size and size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
This is an overview of the results of the imaging of the thoracic spine of patients who have had a thoracoscopy to look at the lungs, heart, and aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathies or adenopathy in the lymph nodes. No changes in the size or shape of the heart or aortic valve. Normal course and size of the aortas. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and pulmonary artery.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are no signs of lung cancer or pleural effusion in the lungs. The right lung is normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted in the left lung. No signs of adenopathy in the thoracic spine. Thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The right heart is large and the left is small. There is a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the common carotid artery from the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Aortic valve calcifications in the main aortic artery. No pericardial effusion. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of secretions in the trachea. Small, right greater than left pleural effusions with active atelectasis at the lung bases. Mild interlobular septal thickening. Lateral segment right ventricle consolidation with surrounding groundglass opacities. Scattered areas of linear subsegmental atelectitis. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the thyroid area. Small hernia in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: Small amount of upper abdominal ascites. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: Cardiomegaly with four-chamber enlargement. Aortic valves calcified. Coronary artery calcifications. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Main pulmonary artery measures 35 mm. No evidence of an aneurysm in the aortia ascending to the lungs. No signs of narrowing of the main pulmonary artery. Minimal calcification of the anortic arch at the top of the heart. The main arterial drain drains in place. The arterial drains are in place and connected to the arterial catheters in the atrium and left atrium, with a biventricular ventricular assist (LVAD) cannula and RVAD outflow cannula.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleura. There were no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There was no change in the size of the lung nodule at the medial right lung base (series 5, image 385) or in the number of pleural nodules at the apices (5.3 x 2.7 cm in size) compared to the prior exam. Scattered nodules with a diameter of up to 5 mm in size were found in the right lung and are stable compared to prior examination. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodules were found. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta and mitral annular calcifications are mild. The lymph nodes did not show any signs of adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
We found that there is a large lung effusion and a large pleural effusion in the left lung. Thickening of the pleura is also seen. There is a stable 6.5 mm nodule in the right lung. A right lung granuloma is seen. The heart appears normal in size. Severe coronary calcifications are seen. Normal course and size of the aorta. A left IJ dialysis catheters leads to the right atrium. The central airways are patent. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. Upper Abdomen: Status post Roux-en-Y gastric bypass. Status post cholecystectomy.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are all in the same size and size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of changes in the lungs, heart, and aorta of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Nonobstructing right renal calculi. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right-sided rib fractures. Normal thyroid.
We found that there is a moderate large right pneumothorax in the lungs with a range of symptoms. There is bronchiectasis in the upper lobe of the lungs and changes in peripheral cystic changes in the other lobes. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The main pulmonary arteries are large and the ascending aorta is large. The airways of the heart and lungs are patent. There are no aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings of this review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis, mainly in the right upper lobe, and subpleural reticulations are seen in the lower lobe. No endobronchial lesion or retained secretions. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcification. Aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes in the left breast and left axilla.
We found that there is a new cluster of peribronchial groundglass opacities in the lungs in the left lung (4/239) and dependent in the right lung (2/239). There is mild biapical paraseptal emphysema. There are no pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No thoracic adenopathies were found. There were mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: A TIPS catheter is again seen. The spleen is stably enlarged. There is a remote compression deformity of T6 vertebral body, and a healed sternal fracture. Multiple left-sided rib fractures have healed. Partially visualized surgery is required to fix these fractures.
We found a 1.3 cm subsolid nodule in the right upper lobe of the lung, which is stable in size going back to the study from April 2020, with a 3 mm solid component. There are other sub-4 mm nodules in other parts of the lungs, for example in the lower lobe. There is mild paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found in the heart and there are mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The great blood vessels are of good size. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the results of the surgery to treat patients with pleural pleural cancer of the lungs and airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: We found that the pleural effusion in the right lung was not as large as in the left lung, but there was still a small amount of fluid in the pleura. We also found that there was a slight increase in the number of pleural fluid leaks in the lower lobe of the lung. A new small lung effusion has developed on the right side of the body, which has not yet healed. We found no new pleural leak in the other lung. The heart and blood vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Cervicothoracic spinal surgery was performed to fix the spinal cord to the thoracic spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a change in the size and shape of some of the lung and airways consolidation, some with surrounding groundglass opacification. There is mucus plugging in the lower lobe of the lungs and there is evidence of anemia. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The lymph nodes are stable, with a 1.0 cm subcarinal node and aortopulmonary nodules in the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous and soft tissue structures and Soft Tissues: There are no aggressive bone lesions. Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC.
This is a summary of the findings of a CT of the same day of surgery for both the lungs and the airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is emphysema and large airways disease. Postradiation changes in the anterior right lung are noted. Enlarging 8 mm subpleural nodule in the left upper lobe with adjacent new and enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new lung nodule. No pulmonary edema. Heart and Vessels: A stable hypodense nodule is noted at the right cardiophrenic angle. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated reports for CTs of the abdomen and pelvis. Large sternal metastasis in the sternal region of the chest is not changed. No metastasis was found in the oesophagus and no new osseous metastasies were found. However, there is a stable soft tissue nodule extending posteriorly in the area of the confluence of the brachiocephalic veins measuring 2.9 x 1.7 cm.
We found that the lung and airways appear to be normal in size. There are some calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the lung, which may be due to the presence of advanced lung cancer. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The thyroid gland appears to be in the same place as the lung. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal. We did not find any evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area.
We found that there is a small but stable tumour of the lungs in the left lung on the first scan. There is also a small hernia in the right lung. No pleural effusions were found. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. There are stable cysts in the liver in both the left and right lungs. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. S-shaped scoliosis is seen in the neck of the right breast. The right breast appears to have a round density. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body.
This is an update of a study that was done in 2007 and found that the lungs and airways of the heart and lungs were affected by large airway disease. This appears to have progressed since the prior study. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. The heart and vessels of the aorta were normal in size and there were no signs of adenopathy in the heart or vessels.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathies or adenopathy of the lungs. Thyroid: Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules in the right lung. Upper Abdomen: Upper part of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings from a CT of the same day as the initial chest X-ray. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung and airways appear to be normal in size. There are no signs of lung or airway damage. Thyroid/Thyroid Area: Thyroid is normal. No signs of cancer in the thyroid area. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and healthy. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal. Upper Abdomen: Upper abdomen and pelvis: Bone and soft tissue abnormalities were not found. No evidence of cancerous growths in the pelvis or in the thoracic area. The bone and soft tissues appear to have healed from the initial fracture of the sternum.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT of the same day as the initial chest X-ray. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 3 mm nodule in the left lung and 4 mm in the right lung, which may have not been seen on prior X-rays, but may have been related to the positioning of the diaphragm at that time. There is no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is aneurysmal, measuring up to 4.4 cm in size, and the pulmonary artery is large and of good size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of both the abdomen and pelvis. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The original review was last updated in 2013. We have updated it in 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. Stable 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:97) and 8 mm right lower lobe 8 mm nodule with 3 mm solid part of a mediastinal window (mediastinal windows) in the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia. Melanoma of the right paratracheal lymph node is stable. Underlying centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema.
We found evidence of fibrotic lung disease in the lower lobe of the lung. We also found that there is an increase in honeycombing in the study from May 2017 and that there are tree-in-bud nodular opacities in the right upper lobe and a thick-walled cavitary lesion in the esophagus. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers are again mildly enlarged. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged, and there is a small pericardial effusion, which is a sign of high blood pressure. No heart defects were found. No coronary artery calcifications were seen. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypodensity in the hepatocellular dome is too small to assess. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the soft tissues.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left lung has a large groundglass nodule (4.0 cm in size) that has been there for a long time. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there is a lot of scarring in the left lung and lung wall. Thyroid enlargement has not been reported in the other lung and lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Dense aortic calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Right chest wall ICD leads end in the right atrium and right ventricle. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcifications in both breasts.
This is an update of a review first done in 2009. The original review was done in 2010. This update has been updated in 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging lung or airway nodules or lymph nodes were found. Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion. Aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Hepatic hypodensities too small to assess. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia in the right atria of the atria. Older healed right fifth rib fracture.
We found that there is a persistent 4.9 x 3.0 x 6.4 cm mass in the lower lobe of the lung which is likely to remain the same in size when we reran the search in August 2021. There is a small calcification in the mass which abuts the esophagus. There are also changes in the airways which may be due to thickening of the pleural space. No pleural effusion was found. The heart appears to be normal in size and there was no evidence of pericardial effusion. There was no change in the size of the heart or the vessels which carry the blood from the heart to the lungs. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs appear to be stable. The airways are patent. The right lung has thickened in the past year or so, but not as much as in the first year of follow-up. No evidence of pleural thickening was found, but there is an enlargement of a lymph node in the left lung. There were no signs of cancerous growths or lymphadenopathy in the lymph nodes in the upper body.
We found no new or enlarging nodules or other than those that have been there for many years. There is some evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall consistent with airways disease. No new or large nodules have been found. No pleural effusion was found. The heart is in size and the aorta appears to be of the same size as it was in the past. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic cavity or of pericardial effusion. However, there is some scarring of the tracheobronchial tree.
This is an overview of lung and airways and soft tissues. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea. Stable 5 mm right middle lobe nodule (4: 3:15) and 3 mm right lower lobe micronodule (see 4: 459). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lung thickening and increased reticulations were seen in the right and left lower lobe. Increased subpleural reticulation was seen in both the left and right lobe. Thin-walled cyst was found in the lower lobe of the right lung. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Subcarinal node measures 1.2 cm, stable since 2019. Small hernia.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial and left ventricle enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and size. Rib Cage &amp; Sternum: No acute osseous injury. Thoracic Spine: No injury to the thoracic bone. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Clavicles &amp: Scapulae: Clavicle and rib cage were not imaged in their entirety on cross-sectional images but no fracture was seen on the scout images. Rib cage &amp, Sternum and Rib Cage - Rib cage is old and the rib cage appears to have healed. Bone and soft tissues: Bilateral breast calcifications. Biopsy clip in the left breast.
This is an overview of lung and airways disease in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Enlarging, now 5 mm, subpleural right lower lobe nodule (5.274 cm) was found on April 2021 exam (previously 5.247 cm). Stable 1.1 cm right lung (bronchial wall thickening) in the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Lung wall thickens with bronchiectasis (diffuse thickening of the airways wall) in both lungs. Stable 7 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule, and stable 4 mm left lung (brachycephalic) nodule. Other stable micronodules (for example 5:159,160,256) are found in the trachea and neck. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic and aortics valve calcifications. Dense mitral annular calcification. Upper Abdomen: Reported in breast and pelvis separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Small hernia. Paraesophageal varices.
This is an overview of the findings of this review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thymic tissue in the anterior mediastinum. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No cancerous or malignous growths. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered areas of mucus plugging for example in the anterior right upper lobe bronchus. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Stable soft tissue nodule in the chest wall (3:417). No new or enlarging lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T8 compression deformity.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs appear to be normal in size. There is a trace right pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion was found. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be large and healthy. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Aortic valvular calcifications are seen. The ascending aorta is ectatic, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The main pulmonary artery measures 3.4 cm in diameter. Chemo-Port terminates in the right atrium. Hypoattenuation of the blood pool suggests that anemia may be present.
This is an update of the original review from April 2021. We found that the right breast mass now measures up to 2.5 x 2.0 cm and the right lung has changed from the original 3 mm nodule noted on the April examination to a 7 mm (5.284 mm) subpleural nodule on the July 2021 examination. There is no evidence of any new tumour in the left breast mass. The right lung is still not clear of new tumours and there is still a chance that some of the tumours that were seen in the April study may not have been found. However, the tumour that was found on April 2021 is no longer there and may not be there at all. There are no other changes in the breast mass that we know of. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aortic valve of the aorta is normal in shape and size. The left vertebral artery (a branch of the main artery that leads to the heart) is in the same place as the right vertebral arch. The lymph nodes have not changed in size or shape as were seen on April and July 2021.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No new or large bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions in the upper abdomen. No new lung or airway nodules in the lung or in the airways. No signs of airway disease. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the lower lobe of the left lung. No other abnormalities were found in the other parts of the body. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of adenopathy in the lymph nodes. Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endobronchial 3 mm nodule in the proximal right middle lobe bronchus. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild biapical scarring. Thyroid (thyroid gland) is normal in size. No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No malignancy of the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and well-preserved. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pericardium (vessel) does not show any signs of enlargement. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging lung or lung wall nodules or tumours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta measures 40 mm and the aortic artery has calcifications. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the thyroid area. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Thickening of the bronchial wall consistent with airways disease was found in both lungs and the pleura. No new or large lung or airways nodules were found. There was no change in the number of pleural pleural abscesses or pleural haemorrhage. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from a new study of the thoracic spine and lung and heart. The tumour was found to be confined to the lower lobe of the lung and spread to the airways. No new or enlarging nodules were found. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs. The airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Thyroid enlargement was found in the thyroid, but not in the other parts of the body. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found, and normal course and size of the aorta. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathies were found by CT.
This is an overview of the evidence from the published research. We found that there are a few lung and airways nodules in the thoracic spine, but no new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta are normal size and there are no changes in the size of the coronary artery or aortic valve. There are no new pleural or pleural nodules and the airways are clear. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the pleural airways. Upper Abdomen: There were no new bone lesions in the upper arm or leg. There was no change in the number or size of thyroid nodules. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcification of coronary arteries and aortas.
We found that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural nodules in the lung or airways. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic spine. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal heart size. Aortic valve replacement and patchy repair of the ascending aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Hypoattenuating lesions in the liver, the largest of which is a simple cyst measuring less than 3 mm in the left lower lobe. No aggressive bony lesions. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarged lung nodles. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracitis (scarring) of the neck or thoracopharyngeal lymph nodes. Thyroid abnormalities: No abnormalities in the thyroid. Healed sternotomy.
This is an overview of the results from the review of lung, heart, heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways: The main lung tree (tracheobronchial tree) is patent. There is some evidence of bronchiectasis and scarring to the right of the tracheostomy tube. There are no pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. No pneumothorax. The aortic artery (the main artery in the heart) is narrowed and narrow with calcified blood in the blood pool, which can be seen with high blood pressure. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: There is evidence of enlargement of the aorta and the myocardium (the vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs). There is also a small hernia on the right side of the heart, which may be due to the cholecystoid surgery. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are more than twice the size of the other major artery and can be associated with anemia. Thyroid enlargement: Thyroid growth is not consistent across the whole body. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1 cm, probably on the basis of congestion. Upper Abdomen: Cholecystectomy for ulcerative colitis was performed prior to the peritoneal resection of the gallbladder. Spine changes: Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine. Body wall edema.
We found a 1.2 cm density in the right lower lobe that is lobulated on the coronal plane and could possibly communicate with an airway. There is a trace pericardial effusion. The heart is normal in size. Severe three-vessel coronary arterial calcifications are found in the aorta and there is a small amount of blood loss to the lungs from the heart. The right lobe of the heart appears to be stable from prior surgery. No acute fracture was identified. No aggressive lesion was found. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a punctate splenic calcification that is nonspecific and a left renal cyst. No hematoma was found and no lymphadenopathy was noted. The pelvic ring and femurs are nondiagnostic for fracture due to lack of movement in the pelvis.
We found that there is a large amount of residual air in the pleural space, which could be related to the removal of air from the lungs. There is also a small amount of fluid in the right pleura, which may be due to the body's need to communicate with the air inside the lung. We are not sure if this is a cause for concern or not. We found that the lung wall is thickened and there is some concern that this may be a cause of cystitis. There are a few pockets of bronchial mucoid impaction in the upper lobe of the lung and a right tracheal diverticulum, which is a narrowing in the trachea that leads to the lungs and is thought to be caused by fluid leaking from the lung into the pleura. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a few scattered hepatic hypodensities that are too large to be sure of and left lung and brain scarring. No aggressive osseous lesion was found. There was no lymphadenopathy, ascites, or free intraperitoneal air. A Foley catheter was seen in the bladder lumen.
This is an update of a CT scan from 21 years ago which showed that there was a loss of volume in the lower lobe of the lung and improvement in the upper lobe. However, there is still a lot of fluid in the bronchus and there is a chance that this may not have been caused by the surgery. There is also a possibility that it was caused by an atelectasis of the left lung. This may be caused by a blockage of the blood supply to the lungs from the lungs to the heart. There are no signs of lung collapse or pericardial effusion. The thoracic spine appears to be the same as it was when the original CT scan was done.
This is an overview of the condition of the heart and lungs of patients who have been in hospital for at least 48 hours. The heart is in a stable condition. The lungs are in good condition, but there is some evidence of thickening of the airways in the left lung (pulmonary parenchyma) and there is a possibility that there may be fluid in the lungs (pneumothorax). There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. There are 2 left chest tubes and a mediastinal drain. There is a small amount of air in the central airways and there are no signs of obstruction of the pleural airways. There appears to be no aggressive lesion of the osseous lesion (a lesion is a hole in the lining of the body that leads to the lungs) or of the lungs that may be caused by a blood clot, but this is not known at this time.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. We found that there is mild emphysema in the upper lobe of the left lung, which has not changed since the last time we looked at it. There is a small left lung tube and there is a mild pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. The spleen is large, measuring 15.3 cm in length, and the pericardial effusion is not thought to be a cause for concern. The patient is in a stable condition.
This is an overview of the results from the review of the chest and abdomen of a patient who had a wedge resection in the left lower lobe of the heart. The surgery was done to remove the blockage of the airways and the patient is now noted to be in a stable condition. There are no new lung nodules in the chest. There is no new pulmonary nodule in the right lung. The heart size is normal. There was no pericardial effusion. Upper abdomen: A right hepatocellular lobe cyst is still in place. No new lesions have been found. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion was found. The central airways are patent.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. We found that the heart is normal in size. Lungs/airways/pleura: There are a few lung nodules in the right and left lungs. There is a 5 mm nodule at the top of the lung on the right lung. There are also a few nodules on the left lung. No lung consolidation. Mild atelectasis is a condition in which the lungs do not close at all. No pleural effusions or pleural scarring. The trachea is midline and patent. Mediastinum/lymph nodes: No mediastinal, hilar, or axillary lymphadenopathy. The thyroid gland is normal. Heart and blood vessels: The heart is large and of good size. The aorta and aortic arch have a narrow arch with a straight arch and a right-sided and a left-side arch. Aortic arteries, renal arteries, celiac arteries, and iliac arteries are patent. Lymph nodes: Prominent 0.6 cm periportal node in the left mesenteric region (series 302, image 206) and a cluster of subcentimeter lymph nodes in the upper mesentral region (Series 302, series 302). Bones and soft tissues: 1.5 cm mixed lucent/sclerotic lesion in the lower lumbar spine (right ilium) and 1.0 cm in the liver (lungs) as well as the caudate lobe (left ilium). Abdomen and pelvis: Liver: Multiple hepatic metastases, the largest in the hepatic dome, hepatic segment 7/8. The largest in both the left and right hepatic lobe, as well over 8 cm in length, and in the rest of the liver. Pancreas: There is fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. No focal lesion.. Adrenal glands: Left adrenal gland is nodular. The other regional glands are normal. Kidneys: Multiple left renal cysts measuring up to 8.9 cm. Unremarkable right kidney. No hydroureteronephrosis or nephrolithiasis. Spleen: Splenomegaly (splenodysplasia) is a disease of the sphincter that leads to scarring of the sclera (stomach wall) and is not thought to be caused by the gallbladder. Gastroesophageal (bowel) tissue is thinning and there is a thinning of the stomach wall. No bowel obstruction. No gallstones or gallstones have been found. No patients have died from gallstones. The appendix has not been found to be affected by gallstones, but there is an overgrowth of the appendix wall that may be a cause for concern.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date search of the medical records. We found that there are a few small pockets of blood in the right ventricle of the heart, but the heart size is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. The blood pool in the blood pool is too large for blood to reach the heart and there is a risk of anemia. There was no evidence of aneurysm or peribronchovascular hematoma in the left lung. The left perinephric vein is not large, but there is evidence of a blood clot in the upper lobe of the peritoneal cavity. There are no signs of cancer or lymphadenopathy in the chest or the abdomen. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The heart size is stable and there is no evidence of heart enlargement or pericardial effusion. There is no pleural effusion or pleural swelling. There are no signs of cancer or lymphadenopathy in the chest or the pelvis. However, there is an increase in the amount of air in the lower lobe of the lungs with the use of a bronchoscopy. This may be due to the enlargement of the lung wall caused by the heart. The analysis of the abdomen revealed that there is not enough evidence to rule out the presence of cancer in this area.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. The review shows that there is an increase in right supraclavic adenopathy in the right thyroid lobe, with new mass on the right thyrocyte. However, there is a decrease in superior mediastinal adenopathies, and the neck mass has also decreased. The heart size is normal. There is a small pericardial effusion, but there is no change in the size of the heart or the vessels that carry the blood from the heart to the lungs. The neck mass appears to have decreased, as shown by a 1.5 cm pretracheal lymph node, which was previously at least 2.4 cm in size. The left brachiocephalic vein (SVC) remains open, although the confluence of the SVC and SVC is severely narrowed. Other mediastal nodes have also decreased, except for the right hilar adenitis, which has increased in size (1.4cm). The left axillary lymph node (left side of the neck) has not changed in size, although it was previously 1.2 x 1.0 cm. The right centrilobular emphysema is again noted. The upper lobe mass has decreased (3.4x1.6 cm) and the thyroid lobe mass (2.9x2.7 cm) has decreased.
We found that a 3 mm subpleural nodule in the right middle lobe of the right lung is still in the same place as it was found in 2014 and has not changed in size or size. There is no new lung enlargement. The heart size is normal. The aneurysm is a narrowing of the ascending thoracic aorta measuring 4.4 cm at the level of right main pulmonary artery, which was previously 4.2 cm. There was no pericardial effusion. There are old left lateral 5th-7th rib fractures. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
We found that the heart and aorta were normal size and there were no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural nodules. There was a large hiatal hernia in the left lower lobe of the lung due to the large hernia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The liver and lungs were clear and no pericardial effusion was noted. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the thoracic spine. The breasts were found to have calcification of the breasts in both breasts bilaterally.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart is normal in size. The lungs are clear. The airways are patent. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The chest port tip of the aorta terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion. Lungs are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the vessels. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No cancer of the lungs or the airways. Tumours and Soft Tissues: No cancerous growths or growths in the soft tissues. Thyroid: Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that a sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung is stable and there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Other lung nodules are stable, for example in the left lung on image 273 of series 5. There is no aggressive osseous lesion.
This is an overview of the findings from the radiographs of the thoracic spine. The radiographs show that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules, and that the heart and aorta are normal size. However, there is some evidence of narrowing of the coronary artery (the main artery that carries blood from the heart to the lungs) and there are some calcified calcifications of the main artery and coronary artery. There is no evidence of adenopathy within the thorax. There are no changes in the number or size of the pleural pleural effusions, nor are there any signs of aneurysm or pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the largest and most up-to-date study of this type of lung and heart surgery. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered lung nodules including a 5 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe in series 5 image 214 are unchanged going back to studies from November 2018. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions were found below the level of the diaphragm. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No cancerous growths were found in any of the lymph nodes. Thyroid: No adenopathy was found in one of the thyroids. Normal thyroid. Intravenous thymus (thymus is the part of the blood stream that carries the blood around the body) was not found.
We found a 5 mm right upper lobe lung nodule but it is not thought to represent metastatic disease. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the effects of the disease on the lungs, heart, and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a marked improvement in the number and size of new and enlarging lung nodules, for example a new lung nodule in the left lung measures 2.4 x 1.6 cm (previously 2.0 cm) and a new pulmonary artery embolus in the right lung measures 4.3 x 3.0cm. There are no new pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: Segmental and subsegmental right lower lobe pulmonary arteries are unchanged from the most recent CT. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Moderate pericardial effusion is again seen. There is worsening mass effect on the left main pulmonary artery, with preserved distal flow. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. The esophagus is patulous.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural nodules. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. There is a small amount of blood in the coronary artery and the pulmonary artery in the right lung. No changes in the number of patients with pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there are signs of large airway changes including thickening of the bronchial wall. The thoracic spine appears to be the same as it was in the 1950s and early 1960s.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathies or adenopathy of the lungs. Thyroid enlargement: Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter-sized nodules in the thyroid. No other abnormalities were found. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the diaphragm area of the heart. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Severe aortic valve calcification with diffuse thickening of the LV myocardium and LV apical aneurysm was found. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications were found. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. Subcentimeter skin nodules were found in the right lower anterior chest wall.
We found that the esophagus is filled with fluid, the stomach wall is thickened and the heart appears to be enlarged. There is a small pericardial effusion. Thyroid surgery did not result in any signs of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. The tumour of the thyroid is confined to the right lobe of the lung and there is evidence of scarring/atelectasis in the thoracic lobe. There are no signs of cancerous growths in the lung or the airway. The stomach wall appears to have thinning and may have a mild esophageal wall thickening.
We found that the heart and vessels of the heart appear to be normal in size. The aorta and aortic valve appear to have the same size and shape. The lungs are clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be large and healthy. There is no evidence of heart disease in the vessels. However, there is a mild risk of coronary artery atherosclerosis. Upper Abdomen: The kidneys are shrunken and atrophied. The right adrenal artery has calcified and is likely to be due to a long-term inflammatory or hemorrhage process. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was stable dextroscoliosis.
We performed a tracheostomy to open up the airways and found that the lungs and airways were clear. The heart and vessels of the heart were also clear and there was no change in the size of the aorta or pericardial effusion. The lungs were clear of fluid and there were no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area. There were no changes in the lungs or airways of the lungs.
This is an overview of lung and airways disease in adults. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs: Lung wall thickening consistent with bronchial wall thrombocytopenia (bronchial plexus) and pleural effusion (pneumothorax) in the upper lobe of the lung. Lung wall thinning consistent with airways diseases. Lung and airway wall thickened in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe and right lower lobe from recent surgery. No new or enlarging nodules have been found outside the radiation field. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Thyroid: Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body. No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathies in the thoracoskeletal area. No changes in the number of lymph nodes.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that a 1.3 cm long lung nodule in the right upper lobe has increased in size from 1.1 cm previously and is now 1.2 cm long. This is the largest of the three lung nodules found in this area. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are also a number of other small sub-5 mm lung nodles in the lower lobe, some of which are stable and others that are not. Mild emphysema is present. No aggressive tumour has been found.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs/airways of patients who have had a heart or lung transplant from the chest. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta of the lung are normal size. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the lungs or airways, but there are a few lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm in one lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There are no signs of cancer in the lung or airway. The liver is normal size and the vessels are of the same size as they were when the heart was transplanted from the lung to the lungs. There was no clear evidence of cancerous growths in the lymph nodes or in the thyroid gland.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of published in The Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Database of Reviews. The heart is enlarged. There has been an increase in the occurrence of lymphadenopathy in the left coronary artery and lymphadenitis of the lymphatic system in the heart. There is no evidence of a tumour on the surface of the heart, but the heart is too large for this to be ruled out.
We found that the right lung and heart of the heart and the aorta of the lungs were stable after surgery. There was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels appeared to be the same size and shape as before surgery. The thoracic spine did not change in size or shape. There were no changes in the number or size of the thyroid nodules or the lymph nodes. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracoskeletal spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are two pleural effusions, greater on the right than on the left. There is an atelectasis between the lungs and airways on the upper lobe of the lung, which may be due to a blockage of the airways caused by a blood clot. Heart and Vessels: There is a small pericardial effusion. There are heart and blood vessel enlargement in the left heart and there are heart-like calcifications in the vessels of the heart. Upper Abdomen: There has been a small enlargement of ascites in the lower abdomen. No other heart or blood vessels have been found to have enlargement. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found, and there is stable prominence of the left breast glandular tissue, and overlying skin thickening.
We found that lung and airways are clear and that no new or enlarging lung nodules were found after surgery. No new or increased pulmonary nodules have been found. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are the same size as they were when the surgery was first done. There is no evidence of any new or more than one lung nodule in the heart or vessels. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Lungs are clear. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine. There were no new pleural nodules in the lung or in the airways. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the thyroid. There was no change in the size of the thyroid or the thyroid gland. No changes in the number or size of lung or airways nodules. No pericardial effusion was found, nor was there an increase in the risk of aortic stenosis.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scan of the lung from the right lung to the right atrium. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild emphysema and mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening are noted.
This is an update of a review first done in 2010. We found that there is evidence of thickening of the esophageal wall which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchial wall thickening and bronchiectasis (bronchial blockage) in the lower lobe of the lung consistent with airways disease, and in the upper lobe with emphysema. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricle enlargement. Extensive coronary artery calcifications. LAD and LCx stents stents. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Aortic ossifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No cancerous growths. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Large hernia.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine of aorta, lungs, heart, and vessels of the heart and blood vessels. This is an update of a review first done in 2013. The results are current to June 2018. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large azygos fissure in the lung with no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent soft tissue the left of the gastric conduit in series 4 image 219 is unchanged. No new adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Stable post-surgery changes consistent with prior esophagectomy and gastric pull-through. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scans of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with acute myocardial infarction. There is no evidence of pleural effusion, but lymphadenopathy in the paraaortic and paravertebral parts of the lungs has been found. There was an increase in the number of lymphadenopathies in the right paraortic lymph nodes, for example a 1.5 cm right paraaordic lymph node was 0.8 cm in size. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are seen. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from a chest X-ray of a breast cancer survivor who had surgery to remove the tumour from the breast. The breast was removed and the breast was resected. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body. There is a small left pleural effusion in the lower lobe of the lung and a trace right pleural enlargement. The heart is enlarged. Sclerotic foci are found in the ribs and spine and are thought to be from metastases of breast cancer.
This is an update of a prior study from August 2021. We found that the number of lung nodules in the right lung was approximately the same as in the prior study. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. The heart and vessels of the aorta were normal size and there were no signs of adenopathy in the heart or vessels. However, there was an increase in the size of the right upper lobe of the lung and there was a small amount of scarring in the left lung consistent with the use of radiotherapy prior to treatment. The thoracic airways were clear. There were no reports of any side effects of the treatment.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had a heart or lung transplantation for any cause. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal and confluent centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominate in the lungs. Signs of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis, diffuse bronchial wall thickening, and multiple foci of mucoid impaction. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No cancerous changes in the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Right-sided renal cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The results of this review show that there is no evidence of a tumour of the lungs in this group of patients. Fat necrosis has been found in the anterior part of the upper abdomen, but this is not thought to be due to the presence of a lung tumour. There is no sign of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of adults over the age of 60 years of age who have had a thoracoscopy of their spine to look for signs of osteoporosis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered granulomas. No new lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous and Soft Tissues: No cancerous growths in the soft tissues.
This is an overview of lung and airway changes in people with thoracic spine cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are changes in the size and shape of the lungs and airways. There are signs of large airway and lung wall thickening. Small airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal size of the heart and vessels. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No cancerous growths in the lymph nodes. Thyroid: No signs of cancer in the thyroids. Aorta and aorta are normal size and there are no signs of heart or aortic artery calcifications.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary and aortic mild calcifications, including aortical valve leaflets, have been found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Thyroid lobe: Stable left thyroid lobe 2.3 cm nodule. Stable right apical 7 mm nodule (5/67).
We found that lung and airways changes were stable post surgery in both the right and the left lungs. No new lung nodules or mass were found after surgery. There were no new pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels of the aorta and aortic valve were normal in size. There was no change in the number of patients with adenopathy in the thoracic area after surgery, nor was there any evidence of adenopathies in the lungs or the airways.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Mild biatrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion. Aortic and aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the CABG. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung apices have not been found to be in the field-of-view. No new pleural effusions have been found. The airways are patent. No more lung nodules were found after the initial chest X-rays were taken. The left lung is likely to have a tree-in-bud lung infection and the heart is large. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the heart or pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT of the abdomen/pelvis obtained the same day. There are no new lung or airways nodules. Bone and soft tissues: No new bone or soft tissues were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart is globally enlarged. Biventricular aICD is present.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the lungs from the chest wall to the diaphragm. There are a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules in the right lung on the right side of the lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is an overview of the results of a study of the size and shape of lung and airways and of the aorta of the heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. There is a small hernia in the distal esophagus, which may be due to a hernia caused by a blockage of the esophageal canal. Thyroid and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Although the study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries; a filling defect of thromboembolism is suspected in the lateral segmental branch of right lower lobe pulmonary artery. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria.
This is an update of a review first done in 2013. The original review was done in 2014. This update was done again in 2017. The review now looks at the following. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs have thickened and there are signs of thickened bronchial wall (bronchiectasis) in the subpleural left upper lobe and lingula. There are no new lung nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement has decreased and now measures up to 1 cm in size. No new cancer cells have been found. No other cancer cells were found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
We found that a sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung is stable and there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is evidence of bronchiectasis with mucous plugging in the lingula. There is no improvement of the L1 vertebral body.
This is an overview of changes in the lung and airways of the thoracic spine due to age-related degenerative changes. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe mixed centrilobular paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. There is a new 1.9 cm nodule in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 144. This is the same as the one in series 3 from November 2017. There was a new 5 mm nodule on the left lung in series 250. There were no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortic valve. Calcified blood clots are in the coronary artery and valve.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. We found that there is still a large tree of tracheobronchial nodules in the left lung and that the lung wall is thickening. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found, but there is a new subpleural nodule in the lower lobe and patchy and tree-in-bud opacities in the upper lobe. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Aorta is normal in course and size. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous and soft tissues: Stable disease of the left 10th rib.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date scans of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen in the lung and airways. These findings are likely to be due to mild pulmonary edema as the risk of this type of lung swelling has decreased compared with a neck CT. However, there is a chance that this is due to the small size of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion was seen. The main pulmonary artery was found to be slightly enlarged. Upper Abdomen: None of the major organs were seen to have changed in size or shape. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Thyroid and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of cancer were found in any of the lymph nodes. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid or adenoma of the thyroids. The heart and vessels were of the same size and shape as the other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchial plexus) is consistent with airways disease. New clusters of micronodules in the right upper lobe (for example 7:143 and 7:239) and in the left lower lobe (7:239). No pleural effusion or lung effusion was noted. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There is an aortic arch with an aberrant right subclavian artery with a retroesophageal course. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathies.
We found no new or enlarging nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications.
This is an update of a review first done in 2014. We have updated the review in 2017. We found that there is still a small amount of fluid in the right lung, but the volume of fluid has decreased and there are no signs of fluid build-up in the aorta or aortic valve. However, there is evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall in both lobes of the lungs, which has been there for at least a year. There is no evidence of blood clots in the coronary artery or in the main pulmonary artery. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion.
We found that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung (4/210) or in the upper lobe (268), but there are some changes in the lungs that may be related to fibrotic lung disease. The airways are patent. No new pleural effusions were found. There is no new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Mild calcifications of the aortic valves were found in the heart chambers. There was no change in the size of the peribronchial vessels. There were no new bone lesions in the thoracoskeletons. The thyroid gland was not found to have changed in size or shape.
We found that the mass in the upper lobe of the lung now measures 4.4 x 1.2 cm and the rest of the mass is stable (5:66). A 1.1 cm left apical nodule is stable and a 1.9 cm spiculated groundglass nodule with a 7 mm solid component is still in the same place as before. Both left and right pleural effusion has resolved. There are no new sclerotic lesions. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications have not been found. The mass is still attached to the pericardium and has not spread to other parts of the body. There is no change in the size of the esophagus or other soft tissues. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. There were no new coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Pericardial effusion was similar to prior. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Thickened bronchial wall and lung wall thickening. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No change in lymph nodes. Subcarinal adenopathy is similar to pre-existing adenopathies. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No evidence of hypermetabolic lesions was found on June 2021 PET/CT. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We found no new or enlarging nodules or large tumours in the right upper lobe (3.1 cm), but a cluster of small micronodules in the upper lobe that may be due to small airways disease. No new or larger nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body or spread to the lungs. Thyroid surgery did not show any signs of adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads lead to the right atrium and right ventricle. Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic valve and aortic artery calcifications were not found. T8 vertebral body hemangioma is a type of brain tumour that starts at the top of the neck and travels down to the spinal cord and is usually confined to the back of the spine. It may be caused by a blood clot in the aorta or by a blockage of the main artery that leads to the heart. No evidence of cancer was found in the left atrium or in the main arteries of the heart or both. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild lower lobes with bronchiectasis. Stable lymph nodes in the lower lobe have not changed in size or size since at least 2007. There is no evidence of lung cancer in the lymph nodes near the right major fissure. No signs of disease in the rest of the lungs or the airways. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged right renal cyst. Left renal hypodensities too small to assess. Calcified granulomata in the spleen. Intravenous and arterial scarring at the lung bases.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodule. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A 0.7 mm groundglass nodule in the right lung is stable and there is no change in the size of the tumour. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body or spread to the lungs. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. No other abnormalities were found. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No cancer of the lungs or lymph nodes was found. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid cells. Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. Aortic arch measures 38 mm long and main lung measures 33 mm long. There is no evidence of aortic stenosis or pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion was found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. Severe coronary artery calcifications were found in the main aorta. No calcifications of the heart were found. There were no other abnormalities. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracoid bone) was seen. Thyroid enlargement was not seen.
This is a summary of the findings of the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable atelectasis of the right lung with a large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusions. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stabilised compression deformity of the T12 vertebral body. Stable bony lesions in T10 and T11 vertebral bodies. There is an increase in the number of rib lesions and a right eighth rib lesion which may be due to treatment change.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airways: There is a large tracheobronchial tree (tracheotomy to open up the airways) and a small pleural effusion in the right lung. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Stable scarring and/or atelectasis in the lingula adjacent to the fissure. Scattered sub-4 mm micronodules (for example left upper lobe 4:93, 109) in the left lung. No new or enlarging nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial enlargement. Aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomata in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Tumours of the sternum, sternum and sternum are still attached to the chest with intact wires.
This is an update of a study that was first done in 2004. We found that the lung and airways of the thoracic spine have not changed in size and that the heart and vessels of the aorta are the same size as they were when the first study was done. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules. There is a large hiatal hernia in the stomach that is not thought to be related to the heart or the blood vessels. The heart and blood vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. Aorta and aortic veins are of normal size, but there are severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary artery and the mitral annulus. The hernia is a hernia that covers most of the stomach and is not believed to be due to heart or blood vessel blockage. The thyroid gland is normal size. No other abnormalities were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the current Cochrane Lung and Pancreatic X-ray series. There are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, for example in the left lung on image 301 of series 4. Stable subsegmental scarring/atelectasis is noted in the right lung. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Esophageal varices are present. A subcentimeter right thyroid nodule is stable. A sclerotic lesion in the fifth rib is seen. A hemangioma is again noted in T10 vertebral body. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is an overview of the findings from the ongoing Cochrane Lung and Pneumothoracic Network (NPLN) and is up-to-date as of July 2014. There are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung, for example in the left upper lobe on image 120 of series 4. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scan of the lungs from the chest to the diaphragm. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, for example in the left lung on image 463 of series 4. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are seen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's systematic review of lung biopsies of sub-4 mm lung nodules in adults with bronchial wall thickening. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is a small hiatal hernia in the right lung, which may be due to a hernia caused by the hernia. Mild but not aggressive groundglass opacities in the left lung are not known to cause any harm.
We found that there is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lung on series 4, image 198. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There is an S-shaped scoliosis in the neck of the aorta. There are no aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion. Lungs and airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the vessels. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date available studies. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are clear. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm which can be seen in the setting of high blood pressure. No lung enlargement was found in patients with high blood pressures. No abnormal growths were found in the lungs. No pericardial effusion was found. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and the vessels are of good size. There is no evidence of any abnormalities in the heart or vessels. Upper Abdomen: Bone and soft tissues are clear and there are no signs of aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal and there is no sign of cancer in the thyroid.
We found that there are some small airways obstructions in the lung and airways of the right lung. Some of these obstructions appear to be larger than others, for example right apical nodularity (series 2, image 78). There is a trace right pleural effusion with overlying subsegmental atelectasis. No pericardial effusion was found. There is no thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the airways) post-surgery. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable, noting a hepatic hypodensity is too small to assess. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes were found to be affected. There are post surgery changes in the right breast. There appears to be nonorganised edema along the chest wall, but there is no evidence of hematoma (hematoma is when blood clots form on the skin). There are 2 surgical drains in the left chest, but these do not appear to have been used to carry out the surgery.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways appear to be normal. No evidence of blockage or obstruction of the airways. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears normal in size. Severe coronary arterial calcifications and/or stents are present. Stable pericardial effusion measuring up to 4.1 cm posteriorly. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Flowing anterior endplate osteophytes without loss of intervertebral disc heights is suggestive of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent Abdomen/Pelvis CT report. There are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lingula and some mild paraseptal emphysema. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A left thyroid nodule is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
We found that there is a large amount of secretions/debris in the trachea, left mainstem bronchus and left lung. There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. There was a 1.8 cm prevascular nodule, which is thought to be an enlargement of a lymph node, in the lymph nodes of the lung. Multiple hepatic cysts were found in the liver. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the first chest X-ray of patients with this type of lung cancer. There is no evidence of lung disease in this group of patients. However, there is a new left pleural effusion with a small atelectasis. A small hernia has been found in the thoracic region of the lung. No aggressive osseous lesion has been seen.
We found that there is no evidence of aortic aneurysm/pseudoaneurysm, dissection, or rupture of the aorta. There is a small but not large amount of anterior fluid in the drain, as well as several small foci of air along the course of the drain's course. The patient is in a stable condition. No other fractures were found in the thoracic spine or thoracacic cage. The body and tail are well-defined and homogeneous, with no signs of scarring. The heart and lungs appear to be stable, although there is a slight enlargement of the pulmonary artery and its lobar branch in the left lung. The right lung appears to be healing well, but there is some residual scarring in the right lung which may be due to scarring caused by the prior lung collapse. There are no other post-surgic chest fractures. The liver and biliary ductal dilatation is mild and the stent has not been placed. The pancreatic head/neck junction is hypoenhancing. The uncinate process appears to enhance normally. The stent is in place since 10/10/2021.
We found that the lungs and airways appear to be normal in size. There is a sub-2 mm nodule in the left lung (4:297). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pleural adenopathy (inflammation of the pleural airways) or pericardial effusion was found. The heart and vessels appeared to be of the same size and course as the other parts of the body. Upper Abdomen: For findings in the abdomen/pelvis, please see the separate CT report Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there is a possibility that there may have been some damage to the brain in the right ear. No signs of perineal abscess were found in this part of the mouth. The spine of the neck shows changes that may be due to age and disease.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Airways/Pleura are clear. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating hepatocellular lesions which are too small to be seen on chest CT. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Normal thyroid. Heart and Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal heart and blood vessels. Remains of the liver and other soft tissues are unremarkable.
We found that there are many new and enlarging lung and airway nodules in the lower lobe of the lungs. There is mild centrilobular emphysema in the right lung. No new adenopathies were found in the thoracic lobe. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. However, there is a small hernia in the chambers of the aortic valve, which may be a cause for concern. There are multiple hyperdense foci in the breasts of the breasts, which are likely to result in calcifications of the artery wall and the heart chambers.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs were clear and that the heart and blood vessels were normal in size. There is a small pleural effusion in the left lung, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal. There was no pericardial effusion. The thyroid nodule is 5.2 cm in size, with calcification and a few areas of necrosis. The tumour is in the right thyroid lobe of the thyroid and is not thought to have spread to the other parts of the body. We did not find any signs of cancer in the lungs or the airways. We found no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found that the number of pleural effusions in the pleural space (the space between the lungs and the airways) was reduced in both the right and the left lung. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found in the right lung. There was no change in the size of the thoracic aorta or the heart or the vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs. The esophageal wall is thickening, and there is no new adenopathy in this area. There is no evidence of cancer in the esophagus or the lymph nodes. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size, and no pericardial effusion was found. Upper Abdomen: No new bone lesions were found, but there was a decrease in the amount of soft tissue nodularity in this region. There were no changes in the length of the diaphragm or in the bone in this part of the body.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Thyroid and Pancreatic Ultrasound (PACS) network of the thoracic and lung biopsies of thyroid surgery in adults ( 18 years of age) who have had thyroid surgery for cancer of the thyroids. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A small hiatal hernia was noted. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable spread of pulmonary nodules measuring up to 3 mm along the fissure on the left in image 293. No new or large lung nodles were found. No consolidations. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathies. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: No adenopathy of the thyroid. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: No changes in the size or shape of the diaphragm or ulceration of the abdomen. No other abnormalities.
We found that there is a new small left pleural effusion with a loculation in the left fissure. There is a 5.0 x 2.2 cm gas-containing retrosternal fluid collection at the inferior aspect of the sternum. Adjacent left lower lobe consolidation is likely atelectasis. Paraseptal emphysema is noted. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion was found.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. There is a 5 mm partially calcified nodule in the upper lobe of the right lung near the major fissure (4/190) and a stable 5 mm groundglass nodule on the other side of the lung in the inferior lobe (4-202). Both nodules appear to be stable. There are no pleural effusions in the pleura (airways) or thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the chest wall). Thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no lung or airways mass or lung mass, but there are a few calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the right lung. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. There is a calcified nodule in the right chest port that is not known to be related to the disease. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. The aorta appears to be of the same size as the rest of the body. Upper Abdomen and Thymic Tumor Area: We found no cancerous growths in the thymic bed of the thyrotropium. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Laryngoscopy and Radiothoracic Intravenous Imaging Group (CHIP) series 3. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014. The main findings are that there are a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules in the right lung, but these appear to be stable. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion is seen. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is an update of a previously seen left-sided chest port. The heart is not enlarged. No pericardial effusion was noted. There is no new pulmonary nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion was found. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in size. No axillary, supraclavic, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy was identified. No new lung nodule was seen. Density within the right kidneys was not seen but was likely due to excreted gadolinium contrast from the earlier MR abdomen/pelvis. Mucosal and/or luminal hyperdensity was seen in the fourth portion of the duodenum.
This review found that there is some evidence that pleural effusions in the right lung of the lung may be the cause of thickening of the bronchial wall. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema (swelling of the lungs) or lymphadenopathy (inflammation of the lymph nodes) or of an aggressive lesion.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new lung or airways lesions have been found. Mild bronchiectasis (inflammation of the airways) has been noted. No new thoracic adenopathies have been identified. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.1 cm mm in the lower right paratracheal lymph node (4/192) and 2.2 cm mm lower right cardiophrenic lymph nodes (both 4/234) have been reported. The left thyroid lobe is surgically absent.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart appear to be stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were noted. The heart appears to be normal in size. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the aorta or pericardial effusion. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues were not found to be affected.
This is an update of CT of the lungs/airways/Pleura performed on the same day as the chest and pelvis. Lungs/Airways: We found a new tree of the tracheobronchial tree in the right lung, which is likely to be caused by a fungal or fungal infection. There was no evidence of lung infection in the other lung. Lung and airways: The lungs are stable and the pleura (pleural space in the airways) is clear. There are no signs of infection in either lung. The heart is normal in size and there are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great and small blood vessels are all in good shape. Upper Abdomen: We did not find any signs of cancer in the pelvis or other soft tissues.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Nodularities along the bilateral major fissures, for example 4 mm nodule on the left side (3/257) and 5 mm on the right side (27/259) are likely to represent lymph nodes in the lung, and there are many bilateral scattered lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues are unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Cervical spine hardware is noted.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No new thoracic adenopathies have been identified. No pleural effusions. Thyroid gland enlargement in the right breast was not found to be different from that in the breast before surgery. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs appear to be as good as they have been in the past 20 years. The airways are patent and there are no pleural effusions. The heart appears to be the same size as it has been for many years. There is some evidence of atelectasis in the left ventricles of the heart, likely due to a prior heart infarct. No pericardial effusion was found. The aorta is normal in size and there is no evidence of calcification of the aortic valve. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues appear to have not been affected by the disease. There are no signs of cancer in the lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Collaboration. We found that the lungs of the heart and lungs are stable and the airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. There is a moderate amount of bronchiectasis in the upper lobe of the lungs and there is a mild but stable bronchial wall thickening. The heart appears to be of good size and the aorta appears to have the same size and shape as before. Mild calcification of aortic leaflets has been noted. There are no new thoracic adenopathies in the thoracoskeletons. The body of the thyroid (thyroid gland) is stable and no new adenopathy has been found. However, there is an increase of the number of prominent mediastinal lymph nodes in the right paratracheal lobe (5/178) and a subpleural 7 mm nodule in the left upper lobe. Both are new from prior surgery and both are likely to have been caused by the same cause. There was no change in the size of the vertebrae of the neck (T7 and T10) or in the curvature of the back of the spine (T10) as well as in the neck of the chest (T11 and T12). There is no evidence of any change in quality of life.
This is an update of a CT of the chest and pelvis that was done on 11/23/2020. The CT showed that the heart and vessels of the heart were normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. However, there are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There is a small hernia in the right breast. The lung and airways did not show any signs of infection or lung collapse. There was no change in the size of the lung or airways. There were no changes in the amount of fluid in the lungs or in the airway. There are no signs of adenopathy of the thoracic adenopathies.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs following cholecystoid surgery. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 5 mm groundglass nodule in the left lower lobe in series 4 image 213 are unchanged. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary and aortas. Upper Abdomen: None of the remaining abdominal organs have been seen to have changed in size or shape. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. Thyroid abnormalities: No abnormalities were found in the thyroid tissue.
We found that lung and airway changes were similar in the two groups of patients. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal size of the main pulmonary artery and aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries (the main artery that carries blood to the heart) and the aortas (the vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs) of the heart and lungs. No new heart or blood vessels have been found. Upper Abdomen: There were no new fractures above the diaphragm (the top of the lung) or in the thoracic spine. There were also no new bony lesions in the rib cage or the pelvis. There was no change in the number of patients with aortic stenosis or myocardial infarction. Lung and airways clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of cancer in the lymph nodes. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the thyroids. Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung mass or lung nodules were found in the lung cavity. There was a small amount of pleural effusion in the pleura. The airways are patent. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary calcifications Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Heterogeneous density of the bone marrow was seen in the thoracic cage.
This is an overview of the findings from a large, well-designed study of breast implants in breast cancer patients. The breast implants are placed in place and the breast tissue is examined in a number of ways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis in the left lung. There is a slight atelectasis on the left side of the lung, but the lung is not large enough to be of concern. No new lung nodules have been found. The left lung is still not large and there is still a small amount of fluid in the pleural space on the right side. There are no new lung or airways nodules in the right lung. The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal size of the thoracic aorta. Decreasing trace pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Mitral annulations of the aortic and coronary veins. Aortic annulus is a thin membrane that forms around the heart and leads to the blood supply to the lungs. Thyroid enlargement is stable and there are no signs of cancer in the thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Post-surgery changes of the spine with calcifications in the back soft tissues. No aggressive bony lesions. Bilateral breast implant in place.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the heart or of the aorta. The lymph nodes appear to be in the same place as before surgery. The right thyroid lobe is surgically absent.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas.
We found that there is a lot of fluid in the airways of the lungs and in the mainstem bronchi (bronchi) and there is some loss of volume in the right upper lobe of the lung. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. The heart appears to be normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways Group. We found that there is evidence that there may be some mild lung disease in the upper lobe of the lungs. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are some tree-in-bud nodules in the right lung, which may be a sign of small airways disease. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The aorta and aortic veins are normal. The thoracic adenopathy is not known to be a cause for concern. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
We found no lung mass or lung mass in the lungs or in the airways. No pleural effusions. There was a 1.2 cm groundglass nodule in the right lung (4/68) and a 2.5 mm in the left lung. We could not see the nodule on the right but thought it might be there. We also thought it was there on the left but did not see it. There were a few calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the lungs. The hernia was of moderate to large size. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues were unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The lymph nodes appear to be normal size. Hiatal hernia: Moderate to large sized hernia.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of the size of which was performed in adults with heart and circulatory diseases. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs were resectioned in the right upper lobe of the lung on 3/24/2021 and the largest subsolid nodule (1.4 x 0.6 cm) was found on 12/18/2020. No pleural effusion was found. There is a small hernia in the groin area. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. Carotid and brachiocephalic arteries are found in both the right and the left common carotid arteries. The ascending aorta is an arterial artery, with a diameter of 3.9 cm.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules in the right lung (4/116) or pleural effusions. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable ectasia of the ascending aorta at 3.8 cm was noted. Moderate coronary calcifications and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets were found in both chambers of the heart. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Bilateral gynecomastia was found in the pelvis in both the right and the left pelvis. Again seen bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis and linear bands of scarring/atelectasis. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable left supraclavic and mediastinal lymphadenopathy such as1.3 cm left para-aortic lymph node (four/120) and 7 mm right cardiophrenic lymph and distal paraesophageal 1 cm lymph nodes were found (four-four hundred and thirty-eight). No new adenopathies were found by size of the thyroid gland.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The results show that the lungs are clear and the airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is hypodense in the aorta, which may be a sign of anemia. No pericardial effusion was found. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic cavity. The sternum appears to have healed from the previous surgery. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found that lung and airways changes may be due to changes in the upper lobe of the lung that may be seen in the setting of atypical infection or pulmonary edema. Thyroid gland enlargement was the cause of the enlargement. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Three-vessel coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Subacute fractures of right fourth through sixth ribs.
We found that the mass in the lung was reduced from 8.5 x 4.7 cm to 4.6 x 3.2 cm by the time of surgery. The mass now measures 1.5 cm shorter than it did before surgery. There was no change in the size of the mass after surgery, but there was an increase in the length of time it took to reach the top of the lung. There were no new or enlarging nodules or tumours in the mass and the mass did not change in size after surgery. However, the mass is still too large to pass through the bronchial wall and there is still a chance that it may block the airway. We found no new tumours or growths in the lymph nodes. The left lung wall thickened and there was improvement in the amount of thickened air in the upper lobe. The lesion in the left lung is stable and no new growths have been found. The right lung is also stable and has not changed in size. The aortic valves of the aorta are still functioning as they should after surgery and heart and blood flow is normal.
We found no new or enlarging solid lung nodules. However, there was an increase in the incidence of bronchiolitis in the upper lobe of the lung. There were some calcified granulomas in the right lung. The airways are patent. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
Aortic and aortic valves: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Aortic valvular calcifications: Mild to moderate coronary calcifications. Although the study was not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries, a filling defect was found in the lingular segmental branch (5/228). Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Heterogeneous osseous structure of the thoracic cage with widespread lytic and sclerotic lesions, which may be associated with metastases.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No new or enlarging nodules. Mild upper lobe pleural emphysema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Thyroid and lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Gastroesophageal wall thickened, but there was no change in the size of the esophagus. No changes in the diameter of the stomach wall. Upper Abdomen: Reported in both right and left gynecomastia, right greater than left.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No cancerous growths or growths in the soft tissues. No adenopathies of the bones. Thyroid: Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the condition of the heart, lungs, airways and other parts of the body. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is large and the pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are extensive secretions in the trachea and bronchi extending into the right upper lobe and the bronchi. This is likely to be due to a build-up of fluid in the right lung due to the treatment of lung cancer, but there is a possibility that it is due to other diseases as well. The lungs are stable, but the pleural effusion is increased in the left lung where a chest tube was placed prior to the chest tube being placed.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs of patients with thoracoscopy to look at changes in the structure and size of the heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe in the lungs. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No cancerous or necrotising lesions in the soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative changes.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs are stable. The airways are patent. There is a small hernia in the right lung, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There are severe coronary artery calcifications in the chest wall. The stents are in place to prevent blockage of the artery and the stents have not yet been placed. The thoracic adenopathy is not known to be caused by the surgery. The tumour of the thyroid has not spread to other parts of the body.
We found no new or enlarging nodules or tumours in the lung or airways. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid glands.
We found that the lung and airways are clear and that there are no signs of infection in the right lung and the left lung which may be related to chronic effusions. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The tumour of the heart has not spread to other parts of the body. There is a right-sided pleural effusion in the chest which is likely due to a long-term blockage of the pleural airways. There are no other signs of disease in the thoracic spine. The liver and lungs are clear. Upper Abdomen: Post surgery changes of the stomach. Remains of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Thyroid: Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Dilatations of the mitral annulus.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax/Pleura studies. Lungs/Airways: Lungs: There is evidence of bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thickening and multiple foci of mucoid impaction with scattered centrilobular nodules in the lungs. There are no pleural effusions. There is no thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The heart has mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in height and size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable T9 superior endplate compression deformity. Moderate hiatal hernia.
We found no new or enlarging nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Improved post-surgery changes in the left axilla with decreased irregular soft tissue opacity since prior exam. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Atrophic thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: New small pleural effusion from prior. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Stable trace pericardial effusion. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
We found a 5 mm nodule in the left lower lobe of the lung that had been there for many years. There is increased nodular growth in the central right upper lobe, which is of concern due to the small size of the nodule and the fact that it is in the area of postradiation change. We are not sure if this is a new tumour or not. There are no other signs of disease in the lungs or airways. The heart is normal in size, but there is a slight enlargement of the interatrial septum. No heart defects were found. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the other parts of the body. No aggressive bone lesions were found, and there were no signs of cancerous growths in the soft tissues. The thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a cystic cystic tracheobronchial tree in the trachea and large airways disease, which has not been seen in the lung in the past 20 years.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways: Lung and airway effusion in the right lung is stable with no new or enlarging lung nodules. Lung drain is still in place in the left lung. No new or large pulmonary nodules have been found. Lung drainage is stable. Pneumothoracic drainage is normal. Pneurons: Pneural drainage is similar to that of the lung before surgery. There is a slight decrease in the amount of fluid in the pleural space, but not a change in the size of lung nodule or lymph node. Pleurons remain in place at the left base of the pleurons. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 6 mm right pericardiophrenic node. Stable subcentimeter mediastinal and subcentral lymph nodes. No enlarging or new lymph nodes were found. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the two thyroid nodules examined. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aorta: Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Known left breast malignancy with overlying skin thickening. Diffuse osseous metastasis of breast cancer in the breast tissue, similar to the breast cancer that was found in the other breast tissue in the same area of the body. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some with a higher than the other, some of which are healing. Please see the bone scan for results.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine following thoracoscopy to look at the lungs, heart, and aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with more of the lungs in the upper lobe. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aortas. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aprota. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No other abnormalities were seen in the abdomen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No abnormalities in the lymph nodes. Thyroid: Normal thyroid.
We found that the heart and blood vessels are normal in size and there is no evidence of heart or blood vessel effusion. The heart is not large and the blood vessels appear to be of good size. There are no signs of aortic stenosis or pleural effusion or pleothorax. The right-sided rib fractures are healed and appear to have healed on their own. The gallbladder appears to be filled with blood from a recent heart catheterization. There is no sign of cancer or malignancy of the liver. The thyroid is unremarkable.
We found no new or enlarging nodules or tumours in the lung or the airways. There is a lot of scarring in the lungs and airways, for example in the left lung and the superior segment of the left lobe of the lung, which is likely due to prior granulomatous disease. Thyroid tissue appears to be stable and there is no new growth of new nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. We found that the right lower lobe of the right lung is still filled with a large number of sub-6 mm groundglass and solid nodules, but the tumour has shrunk in size from 13 mm in 2010 to 9 mm in 2019. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The esophagus is patulous and the right breast appears to be the same as in the left breast. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal, but there is a slight enlargement of the coronary artery calcifications. The right breast shows signs of postprocedural changes, including biopsy clips.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of lung cancer in the lung area. There is some evidence of atelectasis (inflammation of the lungs) in the upper lobe of the lung, which may be due to a disease of the blood vessels, but the risk of this is low. There are no signs of heart or blood vessel blockages. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the artery that carries blood from the heart to the lungs). The arteries of the heart are clear and there are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Thyroid enlargement: The thyroid is normal and the other parts of the body appear to be normal. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Post-surgery changes of the left breast.
This is an update of a study that was first done in 2000. The results show that the lung and airways of patients with thoracic spine cystic fibroids have worsened compared to the original study from 2000. There is evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall, bronchiectasis, and mucoid impaction with tree-in-bud opacities and peribronchial consolidations. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. Upper Abdomen: The cystic mass in the mid upper abdomen appears to be the same as it has been in the past. No new adenopathies have been seen. Thyroid nodules have been found in the right and subcentimeter thyroid nodules in both heart and blood vessels. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Routine age-related degenerative changes have been observed in the thorac spine.
This is an overview of the results from the review of the post-surgery imaging of the right upper lobe of the thyroid gland. We found that there are two large, round glass nodules that have not changed in size, including a 9 mm left upper lobe nodule and a 1.9 cm left thyroid gland nodule. Other sub-6 mm nodules, for example a 5 mm nodule in the right lower lobe, are stable. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Mild coronary artery calcifications were found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the thoracic spine.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We found that the lung and airways of the heart and lungs have not healed as well as we would like, and that there is still a lot of scarring in the airways. The heart and vessels of the aorta and aortic valve are normal in size. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic vessels. The esophagus is still distended from the top of the chest wall to the level of the inlet. No pleural effusion was found.
We found that the heart and lungs are normal in size. There is a new 5 mm right lower lobe lung nodule as well as an enlarging 8 mm left fissural nodule. There are mild aortic valvular calcifications in the aorta. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or consolidation was found. The heart and blood vessels are well-preserved. The thoracic spine is deformed and there are a few fractures in the left rib cage.
This is a summary of the findings from the review of the results of the most up-to-date information on the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Thyroid gland: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in length. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that the lungs and airways of the thoracic spine have not changed in size compared to the prior study. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been seen. There is a moderate risk of large airway disease with signs of thickening of the bronchial wall. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorts are found in both the aortas and the lungs. There are no aggressive bone lesions in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the breast and lung surgery for breast cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Stable disease of T11 vertebral body.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the superior segment of right lower lobe (4/213) and in the left lower lobe a band of atelectasis/scarring. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Anchor suture in the right humeral head, status post rotator cuff repair.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or more than one large lung nodule was found. No changes in the number of pleural nodules. Lung and airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy of the lungs or airways. Thyroid: Thyroid nodules were found to be in the same area as those found in the other parts of the body. No new nodules have been found. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. We found that the heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. There is a small but stable subcentimeter hypodense nodule in the right lobe of the thyroid gland. The thoracic spine is normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there were some changes in the spine that could not be ruled out due to the presence of osteoporosis. No pleural effusion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening is probably due to thickening caused by thickening of the bronchial wall. No signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen and Breast: Both breast and pelvis were found to have a 10 mm lesion, but the breast lesion appeared to be smaller than the pelvis lesion.
This is a summary of the results of the chest wall resection with prostheses in place. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodule. Stable 7 mm lingular nodule in the left lung. The previously noted new left lower lobe nodule has resolved. Reticulation in the upper lobes is likely due to the use of prior surgery for the cancer and is not thought to be related to the cancer. No other new lung nodules have been found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in the size and size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs have not changed in size, and that the heart and vessels of the aorta are normal in size. No new lung nodules were found, but there are a few calcified granulomas in the coronary artery. There are no new pleural or thoracic adenopathy or pleural effusion. There is no evidence of cancer in the liver or lungs. Thyroid gland enlargement was noted in the thyroid gland, but the size and shape of the enlargement could be due to the presence of other tumour types. There was no change in the number or size of the pleural adenopathies. No pericardial effusion was found.
This is an overview of the results of the most up-to-date imaging of the thoracic spine in adults who have had a cholecystectomy for any cause. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is complete atelectasis of the right lung in the right lower lobe and near completion of the left lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: None of the remaining abdominal organs are known to be in need of surgery. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Ill-defined subcarinal soft tissue mass measuring up to 3.3 cm long and 1.1 cm short on the right mainstem bronchus. There is also a new right lower paratracheal adenopathy with a mass on the short-axis of the neck which is likely to be a lung nodule.
We found that there are a few lung nodules in the thoracic spine including an 8 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule and a 9 mm pleura nodule near the fissure on the right pleura in the left upper lobe. These nodules have not changed in size compared to the prior study from December 2020. Some of these nodules are slightly increased in size going back to study from October 2016. There are no new pulmonary nodules. We found no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. There is a 2.4 cm left-sided thyroid nodule in the right lung which is the same as the other nodules found in the other lung. The heart is normal size and the aorta is of a normal size. No pericardial effusion was found. The liver is also of a good size. There were no new lymph nodes found in any of the lung or airways. There was no change in the number of patients with adenopathies of the lungs or the airways in the first three years of the study. The thyroid was not found to have changed in the last three years. The body of the heart is of good size and there is a normal course and amount of blood flow to the heart. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. Remains of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an update of a review first done in 2010. We found no new or enlarging tumours or new tumours since the last update. However, there are a few new tumour-free nodules and granulomata in the upper lobe of the lung. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body or spread to lymph nodes. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. The aorta of the heart is 40 mm long and the aortic valve has calcified. There are no signs of cancer in the lungs or other soft tissues.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lung and the lungs of the lungs have changed and there is a similar thickening of the esophagus with a mild hernia. There is no evidence of a pericardial effusion. The patient's blood pool is low in attenuation consistent with anemia. Upper Abdomen: There is an apparent ascites and edema of fluid in the upper abdomen around the pancreas and stomach with indistinct soft tissues with poor separation. A simple appearing left renal cyst is again noted. The heart appears normal in size.
We found that there is evidence of emphysema in both the chest and the abdomen. There is a 14.4 cm bulla in the right lung at the top of the lung and 14.3 cm in the left lung. The heart size is normal. There are no pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuating, with iron deposition in the spleen. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs: There is evidence of lung cancer in the lungs, but no evidence of tumour of the lungs or of the airways. The heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion (hole in the heart wall) or pleural effusion. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy (scarring of the lymphatic system) in the chest or the pelvis. Bone and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
We found that there is a moderate right pleural effusion and pleural fibrotic changes, for instance in the left lung. There is a 1.6 cm subcarinal lymph node (series 3 image 209) and a 0.9 cm paratracheal lymph nodes (a subcentimeter lymph node is a lymph node in the airways). There is no pericardial effusion. Calcified granulomas are seen in the right lung and the right middle lobe. There are no other major pleural changes. The thoracic aorta and aortic vein calcifications are seen. The heart appears to be enlarged in size. A pacemaker has been placed in the heart and a mitral valve replacement has been done. The visualized chest wall is unimpressive. Upper Abdomen: The imaging of the upper abdomen is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is an increase of lymph nodes in the subcarine lobe of the lung and in the mediastinum. The lung and airways appear to be stable. The central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart has a pacemaker placed in it. Mitral valve replacements have been performed. Coronary artery calcifications have been noted. The aortas and veins have not changed in the same way as before.
This is an overview of the results from a stent graft. The stent was placed in the left ventricle of the heart in order to improve blood flow to the lungs. The heart is still large, but the blood in the blood pool is lower than it was when the tubes were removed. There is a calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe of the right lung. No aggressive osseous lesion was found, but there is a chance that it may have been caused by the tube being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
We found that the lung and airways appear to be as good as they have been in the past. There are stable lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm, including a right apical lung nodule on series 3, image 120. Nodularity is unchanged compared to 10/19/2020. There is a chronic small left pleural effusion. No thoracic adenopathies were seen. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. There were some calcified granulomas. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The airways are patent. Lung and airway nodules are again seen, and are likely to be inflammatory in nature. Heart chambers: There are severe coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis is seen. Lumbar spine, sternum, and bilateral ribs appear to have extensive lytic lesions. A right sternalis muscle is seen in the sternum. There was a small hiatal hernia in the right shoulder.
We found that there is new fluid in the lung cavity from the resection of the right lobe of the lung after resection. There is a 9 mm nodule in the right upper lobe, increased from 3 mm on prior exam. The lung is normal in size. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion was found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is large and the vessels of the aorta are normal. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs: The lungs are clear. There is evidence of pleural effusion in the right lung and there is an atelectasis of the left lung. However, there is no evidence of air in the upper lobe of the lungs. The heart size is normal. Upper abdomen: There is no clear evidence of pericardial effusion. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
We found that lung and airways abnormalities, mainly in the upper lobe of the lung, have decreased in size. There are no new lung nodules identified. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size, with no pericardial effusion. The tumour of the aorta appears to be confined to the left ventricle of the heart and the heart chambers appear to have the same size and shape as those in the other chambers of the cardiac chambers.
We found that there is no evidence of pleural effusion and that lymphadenopathy is stable in the right paratracheal lymph nodes. There is no change in the size of the tumour in the pelvis. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scans of the abdomen and pelvis. The tumour was found to be confined to the diaphragm and not in the lungs. There were no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion, and no aggressive lesion was found.
We found that there is no new or enlarging lung nodule at the top of the lung. There is aneurysm of the left ventricle with thrombus (thrombus is a blood clot in a blood vessel in the heart) again, but this time it was not as large as it was in the first. There are coronary artery stents in place. Heart and Vessels: There is a left-sided biventricular ICD in place, with leads terminating in the right atrial appendage, right ventricular free wall, and a tributary vein of the coronary sinus. The great blood vessels are normal in size. There was mild cardiomegaly in both the left and right atria of the heart, with the enlargement in the atria on the right and the right ventricles on the left. No new or large lung nodules were found. No lung enlargement was noted in the lungs or in the airways. Atelectasis was found at the bases of the lungs in both men and one in the women. There were no changes in the spine or neck of the spine. Thyroid and Pancreatic Tonsils: Thyroid enlargement and enlargement were not seen in either the left or the right thyroid. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: We found no new lung or airway nodules. The left lung and airways are stable. The right lung and pleura are not affected. The heart and vessels are in place and the great blood vessel stents have been placed. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's clinical trials of lung cancer in adults. We found that there are a number of lung tumours in the upper lobe of the lung that have not spread to the other lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or effusion in the thoracic lymphadenae. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
We found that there is no evidence of lung disease in the lungs or airways. There is a new subpleural nodule in the left lower lobe of the left lung, which has not been found since 2015. There are no signs of pleural effusion or pleothorax. The heart is normal in size and there are no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart beat is normal and the vessels of the heart are normal size. The stents are in place for the coronary artery and the great blood vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis. Renal cyst at the upper pole of the right kidney. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of post-surgery imaging of the lungs, heart, and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the thyroid after surgery. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aorta: Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Coarse calcifications in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Displaced fractures of the left fourth through seventh ribs. The fracture lines are still evident. Mild sclerosis is noted. Healed right-sided rib fractures.
This is an overview of the findings from the Abdomen/Pelvis CT (CT) of patients with thoracic lymphadenopathy and pleural effusion. There is no evidence of a tumour of the lungs or of the pleural cavity. Clusters of tiny lung nodules at the right lung base are likely to be caused by an infection.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the thoracic lobe of the neck. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A 4 mm groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe is nonspecific and may be infectious/inflammatory in etiology. There are bilateral thyroid nodules measuring up to 1.4 cm on the right. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. The review shows that there are no new lung nodules in the chest, and that there is no new evidence of emphysema in the lungs. The heart size is normal. There is no evidence of a new tumour in the pericardium or peritoneum. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the neck or other parts of the body.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart appear to be normal in size and that the aorta and aortic chambers appear to have the same size and shape. There is no evidence of pleural effusion in the pleura or pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. However, there is a small amount of fluid in the airways and a prominent subaortic lymph node (5/233 cm) that is likely to be a source of infection. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The hernia of the hernia is a mild hernia and appears to be confined to the left side of the chest wall.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT scans of the heart and lungs. The heart is large and the lungs are stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the thoracic area. However, there are small pleural effusions with atelectasis on the right lung and a large thyroid gland with multiple nodules on the left lung. There are a number of fractures in the spine and rib cage.
This is an overview of the findings from the first large-scale study of this type of lung cancer. There is a decrease in the size of the pleural effusion in the right lung and the risk of atelectasis (inflammation of the lungs) associated with pleural metastasis has also decreased. However, there is still a high risk of lung reexpansion due to expansion of the tumour in the lung. There appears to be improvement in the amount and size of metastasis and lymphadenopathy in the upper paratracheal and perihilar airways.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Laryngoscopy and Radiothoracic Network (CLN) of the post-operative changes of right upper lobe surgery for people with acute myeloid leukaemia. There are stable changes in the number and size of lung nodules and lymphadenopathy. Mild emphysema is noted. There is no pleural effusion. The liver is fatty. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an overview of the results of the radiographs of the chest and lungs of the breast after breast augmentation. There is a 9 mm groundglass nodule in the right lung base and a 3 mm nodule at the left lung base, both in the upper lobe of the lung, which were not changed from the one that was seen before. There was no change in the size of the other nodule, which was the same as the one seen prior. No changes were seen in the other two nodules. There were no changes in the number of patients with lung disease or in the amount of fluid in the lungs or the airways. The heart was normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. The great blood vessels were all in the same size and appeared to be of good size. The breast implants did not cause any harm.
We found a 1 cm left lung nodule in the size of 8 mm on the prior study. Thickening along the fissure in the left lung is unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas.
This is an overview of the findings from the new study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: See separate report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lucent lesion in the right fourth rib in series 5 image 137 which is stable compared to the prior study and remains indeterminate. Intramuscular lipomas in the left shoulder left back, a benign finding.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The lungs appear to be stable and there are no new or large pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. There is a 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right upper lobe of the right lung in series 4 image 115 and a 4 millimetre (mm) nodule along the major fissure on the right in image 260 and on the left in image 204 which is likely to be an intrapulmonary lymph node. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was seen. The airways are clear. No new or enlarged pulmonary nodules were found. The heart and vessels of the heart were normal size and there was no pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery was normal size. Upper Abdomen: There were no new bone lesions in the upper abdomen. There was no new adenopathy in the thoracic spine. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the two thyroid nodules and there were no changes in the number of thyroids in the neck or in the mass of thyroid cells in the area around the major vein in the chest.
We found that there are changes in the structure and size of the lungs, heart and blood vessels of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Patchy groundglass in the lung apices. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodles. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone and soft tissue in the right hilum. No aggressive bone lesions. Roughly the same size and shape of the heart and vessels were found in both the right and left ventricles of the chest. There was no change in the number of adenopathies in the chest or in the volume of calcified lung mass in the left lung.
We found a large spiculated nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung, which was previously 3 mm (4:378) and a 4 mm nodule on the left lobe, which had not changed in size. There is no change in the number of sub-4 mm nodules in the upper lobe. We found a right-sided chest port in the SVC and the heart chambers in the aorta. No pericardial effusion was found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Thyroid cancer was not found in the esophagus. Heart and Vessels: A right-side chest port terminates in the sVC. The heart chambers appear normal in size and there is no evidence of an aortic blockage. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T4 compression fracture. No aggressive osseous lesion. Coarse calcified granulomas in both breasts.
We found that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. There is a 1.2 cm right lung nodule in the lower lobe of the lung and a 4 mm in the middle lobe in the lung. Both nodules remain the same as they were in the prior study. There are no other new or larger nodules in the lungs. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: We found no new bone lesions. No aggressive bone lesions in the bone around the collarbone. Routine age-related changes in the spine are seen with age.
We found that the size of most of the lung nodules was reduced by surgery. The largest lung nodule in the inferior lingular paracardiac lobe (5/307) was reduced from 2.4 x 1.6 cm (5 out of 307) to 1.2 cm. No new or enlarging lung nodles were found. The airways are patent. There were no pleural effusions. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. The aorta and aortic ventricle appear to be the same size and shape. No aggressive bone lesions were identified.
We found that the lung and airways of the thoracic spine have not changed in any major way. There are still a few lung nodules but no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. There is no change in the size of the aorta or the heart or the vessels that carry blood from the lungs to the lungs. The body's blood vessels are normal size and the body's heart and vessels appear to be of the same size as they were in the prior study. The lungs are clear and the airways are clear. None of the other parts of the body were affected. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusions. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. There were no heart-like calcifications in the coronary artery. Thyroid gland and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included part of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be of good size and there were no changes in the size of the vessels. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are better described on 9/9/2021 CT scan of the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No more than one bone lesion was found in the upper abdomen. No new or large lung or thoracic adenopathy.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Tumours and Soft Tissues: No cancerous growths in the soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No changes in lung and airways. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion (hole in the wall of the heart) or peritoneal bleed. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia (hernia) in the esophagus. Diffuse esophageal wall thickening with patulous (stomach) parts of the esphagus noted which may be related to esophagitis or GERD.
No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. The lungs appear to be stable, with mild fibrotic changes in the left lung. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There was no change in the size of the aorta or the heart chambers. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
We found that there are large pleural effusions in both in the lungs and in the airways, as well as pulmonary edema (swelling) in both lungs. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. The aorta of the heart appears to be the same size as it was when we first looked at it in the chest. There are no signs of trauma to the heart or vessels. The endotracheal tube is in a good position and there is an increase in the size of the right paratrachea (nose and throat) lymph nodes. There is no evidence of aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothoracic/Pleura (Pleural) and Heart and Vessels (Aorta) review. Lungs/Airways: No pleural effusion was found in the left lung. The right lung was found to have a round-like atelectasis and a feeding tube was found. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary arterial hypertension was noted in the right lung at 4.2 cm, but not in the aorta. Heart and vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and scattered calcified plaques were found in aortic artery. The kidneys are atrophic. Upper Abdomen: Gastrostomy (gastrostomy) feeding tube is again noted. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Pneurons/Lymphs: No abnormalities were seen in the thoracopharyngeal lymph nodes. The heart and vessels were stable.
We found that the left lung of the thoracic spine was stable post-surgery. There is a 1.3 cm left lung nodule in series 3 image 342 which was previously 0.9 cm and there is a new 4 mm left lower lobe (pulmonary nodule) in series 387. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and vessels of the aorta were normal size and there were no pericardial effusion. There was no change in the size of the coronary artery or aortic valve. There were no changes in the number of lung nodules or in the shape of the heart or the vessels. Thyroid enlargement was not found in any of the radiographs. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid.
We found that lung and airways are stable and there are no pleural effusions. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There is a small but stable tumour of the right lung (4/56 and 73) and new nodules in the left lung on images 130 and 136. An 8 mm spiculated nodule on the right side of the lung next to a minor fissure has been found and is stable from 4.5 mm on prior. The right lung also has a small, but stable, 8 mm nodule in the middle of the airways which may be due to a long-term inflammation of the lungs. The lymph nodes of the thyroid gland are not enlarged by size criteria, for example 1 cm in the lower right paratracheal lymph node. There are no aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart is not large and the vessels of the aorta appear to be of the same size and shape as before. Moderate coronary calcifications have been found. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesion was found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable subcentimeter-sized lymph nodes were found in the mediastinal lymph nodes, not enlarging by size. Thyroid gland is unremarkable.
We found that the lungs are stable and the airways are patent. The heart is normal in size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries are the cause of atelectasis. The aorta measures 37 mm. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Spina bifida was not found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Thyroid nodularities: Stable thyroid nodularity, some of which may be calcified and some that are not. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
We found no new or enlargement of lung nodules. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of the descending aorta at 4.1 cm. Triple-vessel coronary calcification and stents. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be stable. No changes in the size of the heart or of the vessels. No change in the number of stents or angioplasty. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No major bone lesions were found. The airways are patent.
We found that the pockets of air in the esophagus that we had feared were still there when we did not have a full echocardiogram were no longer seen and that the tumour had shrunk in size. However, there is still a small pocket of air on the right side of the esphagus that may be a "protrusion" and may represent a fold. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body. There is no evidence of cancer in the liver or lungs. The heart is normal in size and the aorta (vessel) measures 40 mm in diameter. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are found in both the right and left chambers of the heart. There are no signs of cancerous growths in the lungs or in the airways. The stomach is open with gastric pull-through. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was a slight decrease in the size of the right hilar node, now 13 mm in size, from 15 mm to less than 15 mm.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 7 mm middle lobe nodule since March 2020 (4/253) and left lower lobe subpleural 4 mm nodule is also stable. No pleural effusions. Stable 2.6 x 1.3 cm right-sided chest port intramuscular lipoma. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: St stable left adrenal myolipoma. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date search of the medical records. Lungs/Airways/Pleura : Findings of fibrotic interstitial lung disease, including lung reticulations, bronchiectasis, and bronchiolitis are similar to the most recent prior exam which was done on 7/22/2020. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No honeycombing was found. The main lung artery is enlarged with a 3.7 cm increase in the size of the main pulmonary artery. Mild coronary artery calcifications were found in both legs. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. The central airways are patent. No consolidation or pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple prominent subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes are likely to have been affected by inflammatory lymph nodes. Surgical clips in the right neck are likely due to a prior parathyroid surgery. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and the aorta is of good size. There is no evidence of aortic stenosis or narrowing of the arteries. The aortas appear to be of a good size and the main artery appears to have normal blood flow. There are no signs of arterial blockage or blockage. No changes in the blood pressure of the heart or the blood vessels. Eosophageal wall thickening can be seen in the esophagus in the same way as in patients with GERD.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodularities in the lungs or heart. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. There is a moderate-sized hiatal hernia and a patulous esophagus. No pericardial effusion. The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta appears to be of the same size as the other chambers. The thoracic adenopathies appear to be stable. No new or large adenopathy of the breast tissue was found in the breast and lymph nodes.
We found no new or enlarging nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: We found a stable cluster of nodules along the right major fissure (4:204) and a 3 mm right lower lobe nodule. No new or increased nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta.
This is an overview of the results of the post-surgery examination of the lungs and airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung mass or lung nodules were found within the aerated parts of the lung. No new pleural effusions were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable changes of the sternotomy and repair of the aortic aneurysm.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomas in the spleen. No aggressive bone lesions. Post surgery changes in the anterior chest wall with no residual soft tissue. Remains of abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No more aggressive bone lesion. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
We found no new or enlarging lung or thoracic adenopathies. However, there are still a large amount of tree-in-bud nodularities in the right lung and lower lobe with new patches of ill-defined groundglass opacities, for example on image 187 of series 4 and image 339 of series 5, which are likely to be inflammatory in nature. There is a small but stable 9 mm air-filled cyst in the left lower lobe. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No new or large lung nodules were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable sclerotic foci of the thymic cage.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Thickening of the bronchial wall is thought to be due to thickening of airways mucosa due to disease of the airways. No pleural effusion or pleothorax was found. Lung and airways wall thickening may be a cause for concern. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Partially imaged cyst in the right kidney. No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia in the neck. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement is seen in both thyroids (thyroids are the outermost layers of the thyroid that support the thyroid) and not in the other parts of the body. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Scoliosis and multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
We found that there are no new tumours in the size of the lung and airways has not changed. However, there are a few new nodules in the upper lobe of the lungs, which have not been found since at least 2016. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the vessels. There is no change in the amount of fluid in the lungs or in the pleural space. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic cavity or of aortic stenosis.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Intubation of the right lung and the left lung. Subsegmental atelectasis at the right lungs base. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. No coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules in the right lung (4/280). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No new or large adenopathies were found in the thoracic adenopathy area. There was no change in the size of the aorta or pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from this review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airways are stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aorta is mildly dilated. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. No honeycombing. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes were found to be affected. Thymic hyperplasia was found in one lymph node.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of CT of the lungs and airways of patients with COPD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lung mass in the lower lobe measures 4.7 x 3.4 cm. There is emphysema and large airways disease. Lung mass in both the right lung and the left lung is 4.8 x 4.5 cm. No lung mass was found in the upper lobe. There are no signs of disease in the lungs or airways. Heart and Vessels: There is no pericardial effusion, but there are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The heart is normal in size. The great and small blood vessels are all healthy. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated reports for CTs of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Flowing anterior osteophytes are consistent with diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH).
We found that lung and airways were stable and there were no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion after surgery. There was an increase of reticulations in the pleura which may be due to smoking-related lung disease. The heart and vessels of the aorta were normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the right breast. No thoracic adenopathy was noted.
We found that the lungs and airways of the heart and lungs are clear. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The aorta measures up to 4.3 cm in the axial plane and the main pulmonary artery is 4.1 cm long. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were found in both the right atrium and right ventricle. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There was no change in the size of the left atrium or the ventricles. The right atrial wall calcifications were similar to those found in the other parts of the body. There were no changes in the number of patients with osteoporosis of the thoracic spine or in the amount of bone left in the pelvis.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We have updated the review in 2013. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart is normal in size. There is a small hernia on the right side of the heart and no pericardial effusion. The aorta is 36 mm long and the heart is surrounded by coronary artery calcifications. No new or large pleural nodules have been found. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracoid bone) was found. The thyroid gland was not found to be affected. There are no signs of cancer in the lungs or the airways. However, there is a large sebaceous cyst in the right chest wall that has not been cleared up yet. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Stable sclerotic focus in the T5 vertebral body and L1 endplate compression deformity. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We have updated the original version published in 2008. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Thickening of the bronchial wall in the upper lobe of the lung and mild bronchiectasis in the lower lobe. No new lung nodules or masses have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. No more than 3 mm micronodules of thyroid growth in the right breast have been seen in the last 10 years. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid artery (the main artery from the heart to the lungs). Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the liver (lungs) of the liver were found to be higher than in the other parts of the body, but the cause of this is not known. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid is heterogeneous.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs appear to be normal in size and there is no evidence of lung cancer or pleural effusion. Thyroid: Thyroid appears to be healthy and there are no signs of cancerous growths in the area around the lungs. No signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. No pericardial effusion was found. Aorta: Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of malignancy in the lymph nodes.
We found a 1.5 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule in series 2 from the most recent study from November 2020 and is stable going back to the lung cancer screening from October 2019. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The left upper lobe of the right lung is also stable. Other smaller groundglass nugules including in the right middle lobe in image 30 are still there and there is no change in the size or shape of these. The adrenal glands are stable. The heart and vessels of the heart and aorta are normal size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are clear. No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Routine age-related degenerative changes were found in the spine.
We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. We have seen mild lung herniation through the right third intercostal space. Mucous secretions in the proximal trachea. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Stable trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Stable low-density lesion in the right hepatic lobe, likely a cyst, and 1.3 cm right adrenal nodule. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or enlarged thoracic adenopathies. Stables moderate-sized hiatal hernia and thyroid nodularities.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We have updated the review in 2013. We found that there is some evidence of thickening of the esophageal wall, which can be seen in the setting of GERD. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. However, there is a possibility that this thickening may be due to the presence of granulomata in the lymph nodes of the lungs. There are no other signs of disease in the lungs or the airways. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with most of the enlargement in the atria of the heart in the left atrium. The aorta is large and the aortic valve may be of use in the case of heart failure. Thyroid abnormalities: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the three main subgroups of the thyroid. There were no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is some thinning of the bronchial wall in the lower lobe of the left lung, but this is not thought to be caused by disease of the lung wall. Mild scarring in the anterior segment of the right upper lobe and the medial part of the same lobe in the right lung. Scattered calcified granulomas are found in the upper lobe. No other lung or airways abnormalities were found. No signs of cancer in the lung or in the pleural area. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged bilateral renal cysts and other hypodensities too small to assess. Left hepatocellular hypodensity is likely to be a cyst. Tons of tissue in the pelvis and hip area were not imaged. Hemangioma in T7 vertebral body.
Aortic valves and aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion, but the heart appears to be large and heart-shaped. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroids. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
We found that the right pleural effusion in the pleural space (the space between the lungs and the airways) is still stable, but there is an atelectasis in the right base of the pleura, which may be a sign of increased pleural pressure. We also found that there is a small but stable right apical cavitary lesion in the upper lobe of the right lung (8.5 x 4 x 3.7 cm in diameter) and a diffuse bronchiectasis (inflammation of the bronchus) on the other side of the lung, which is likely to be due to prior lung infections. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. There is a narrowing of the aorta (the main artery of the heart) at the top of the chest wall that may be an indication of high blood pressure. There are no signs of cancerous growths on the surface of the liver. The thyroid gland is unremarkable and the other parts of the body are unaltered. The airways are patent.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a wide spread of lung cancer in the lung and airways. No new nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
We found no new thoracic adenopathy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: We found a new 7 mm nodule in the upper lobe of the lung (3/206) that has been there for more than two years but was new from February 2017. We also found a subsegmental atelectasis, pleural thickening and partially calcified pleural plaques along the posterior costal pleura. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found no new or enlarging nodules. A 1 cm nodule described as new on the prior study in the right lower lobe of the thoracic spine has resolved. Other nodules including the nodule next to the cyst in the upper lobe, 6 mm right apical nodule image 153 and the smaller nodules in the left base including a 4 mm nodule in image 383 are still there. No new or larger nodules have been found. Lungs/Airways/Pleura are clear. Stable mild reticulation of subpleural scarring. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right hilar node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis in series 4 image 231 is still there and there is no new adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
We found no new or enlarging nodules in the right lower lobe of the right lung after surgery. There was a slight attenuation of the lung parenchyma which may be related to air trapping/small airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or large tumours were found. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Left adrenal myelolipoma. Hepatocellular carcinoma of the left adrenal artery, aortic valve and calcifications.
This is an update of a review published in 2019. We found that there are more tree-in-bud nodles in the upper lobe of the lung (right greater than left) compared to the prior study from 2019. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No lung nodules greater than 5 mm were found. There is a gastrostomy tube with tip and balloon in the gastric body lumen. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic lymphadenopathy was found. The heart chambers appear to be large, and the aorta appears to be of the same size as the rest of the body. The thoracolumbar spinal curve is seen, which may be due to the placement of the tube in the thoracostomy chamber. The airways are patent with retained secretions in the lower bronchi (for example series 3 image 230), with similar to minimally increased lung distal airway bronchiectasis. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The visualized bowel is not obstructed, and there is no ascites or lymphadenitis. No aggressive osseous lesions or acute bony abnormalities are seen. The oesophageal vessels appear to have a thick, dense vasculature, but there are no signs of inflammation at the GE junction.
This is an overview of the findings from the CABG, median sternotomy and mitral annuloplasty. The heart is stably enlarged. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The central airways are patent. There is no evidence of any new disease in the lungs or the airways. The right atrium of the heart is filled with calcified granulomas. The left atrium has not been affected by the enlargement. Thyroid gland enlargement: There are a few large lymph nodes in the right paratracheal lobe and in the upper lobe of the thyroid, but these are not thought to be new. Thyroids: There is a large, heterogeneous thyroid gland in the middle of the lower lobe. There are no new or enlarged lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is not believed to be affected by any new cancer cells. Heart and Vessels: The right-sided hemodialysis catheters run through the heart and end in the atrium. No pericardial effusion was found. Vascular calcification was found in the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see the report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We found that the lungs and airways of the right lung have thickened and there is evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchial plexus) in both the right and the left lung. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be normal in size and no pericardial effusion was found. The right breast has calcified and has a biopsy clip in the right breast. There are no signs of adenopathy in the thoracic area. The left breast has thinning of the pleural wall and a small amount of scarring of the breast wall. There appears to be little or no change in the size of the heart or vessels.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs are clear and that the heart and vessels of the aorta are normal in size. The aortic valve of the heart is still functioning as it should. There are no signs of cancer in the lungs or the airways. There is no evidence of tumour of the pleura or pleural effusion. However, there are a number of lymph nodes in the mediastinum measuring up to 1.2 cm in size as well as a 1.8 cm left supraclavaneous lymph node. The thoracic spine appears to be the same as it has been for many years. There were no changes in the spine or in the soft tissues of the neck or the abdomen.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a tree-in-bud tree in the tracheobronchial tree at the left lung base (3:405). Mild bronchiectasis in the left lower lobe. No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Minimal aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any part of the body. No other abnormalities were noted.
