A CT of the lungs/airways/Pleura showed that lung metastasis was reduced from 9 to 15 mm at the top of the lung and from 5 to 5.5 mm on the right lung. There was no change in the risk of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema was found. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels of the heart are large and of good size. The tumour was not spread to other parts of the body.
For findings in the neck, please see the separate report for CT of the neck performed on the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse mild bronchiectasis, areas of mucus impaction, and bronchial wall thickening, consistent with large airways disease. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Severe aortic valvular and mitral annular calcifications are found in the mitral valve. The left vertebral artery comes from the aorta and there is no evidence that it is connected to the heart by a blood stream that flows from the heart to the vertebrae. Upper Abdomen/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenomyopathies or adenopathies were found. The visualized thyroid is not significant. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The lungs are clear. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart is normal in size. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. The lymph nodes are clear and there are no signs of thoracic adenopathies. The chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Thyroid gland enlargement: Heterogeneous and enlarged thyroid gland. No new or new enlargement of previously seen nodules were found. The thyroid gland appears to be stable in size and there is no new growth of new nodules since the last time we looked. There is no evidence of a change in the size of any of the nodules that we looked at. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to assess. Bone and soft tissues: No new bone lesions were found after surgery.
This is an update of a review first done in 2004. A new search was done in 2010 and a new set of images were added. The original search was run in 2012 and the new search is now up to date as of February 2014. The new search will be added to the list of search points at any time of day or night. This update will be published when the next search is done. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. There is no honeycombing or significant reticulation of the trachea or bronchus. However, there is mild air trapped in the lung on expiratory images. This may be due to an inflammation of the lungs that is not thought to be caused by infection. Thyroid and Thyroid Tissue: Thyroid tissue is normal in size. The thyroid is well-preserved. There are no signs of damage to the thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and healthy. No pericardial effusion (hole in the heart wall). There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are large and of good size. There was a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracopharyngeal tissue) or pleural edema (inflammation of the airways) was not found. No evidence of a thoracoscopy was needed. Upper Abdomen: No signs of trauma to the bone or joints were found. There were no aggressive bone or soft tissues found.
This is an overview of CT of the lung and airways and the heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: We found a 2 mm nodule in the upper lobe of the trachea (trachea is the tube that carries air from the lungs to the lungs). There was no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are all in good shape. Upper Abdomen and pelvis: We did not find any signs of trauma to the upper and lower pelvis. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen. No signs of adenopathy of the thoracic lymph nodes or of the thyroids. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an update of a CT of the lungs and airways that was performed on the same day as the original original in 2010. There is a thickening of the pleural wall in the right lung, which has not improved since the first CT in 2000. This thickening may be due to metastasis of the tumour to the lungs or to a tumour in the lymph nodes, or both. There are no signs of metastasis in the heart or the vessels of the heart, nor are there any signs of pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the artery that carries blood from the heart to the heart). There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The heart is normal in size. The great blood vessels are of good size, and there is no evidence of blockage of the vessels. No new thoracic adenopathy was found by CT. The tumour was not large or spread to other parts of the body.
This is an overview of lung and airway disease in adults with COPD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are many sub-4 mm nodules in the lungs, the largest in the left upper lobe measuring up to 3 mm (5/180). These are stable back to 2019. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The heart is normal in size. The lungs are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The original review found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion in the right lung or airways. However, there were a few calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the left lung. There were also some mild secretions in the trachea and in the lower lung. No new or large lung nodules were found. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There was no change in the size of the aorta or the vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs or the lungs to the blood stream. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the sternum or sternum.
We found that there is mild bibasilar atelectasis in the lung and airways. There is a sub-4 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lung and a calcified granuloma in the upper lobe of the left lung. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. The liver is normal and the aorta appears to be of the same size as in patients with acute myocardial infarction. However, there is a mild hepatocellular steatosis in the liver. There are no signs of cancer in the lymph nodes or in the thoracic adenopathies. The thyroid gland is missing from the left breast. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the tracheobronchial tree. The tracheostomy tube is the tube that carries air from the lungs to the airways and the airway is in the chest. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of lung collapse in the right lung base. There is evidence of loss of volume in the lower lobe of the left lung base and in the upper lobe as well. There are no signs of pericardial effusion or pleural thrombophlebitis. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The aorta is small and the pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The pulmonary artery may be a source of blood clots in the lungs that can lead to lung collapse and death. The heart and vessels of the coronary artery are normal. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right-sided rib fractures are noted. No pleural effusion/thickening. No pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. 1.7 hypodense nodule in the left thyroid gland.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original review was done in 2008. The new version was performed in 2013. The review now has been done in 2017 and the results are as follows: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube in place. No pleural effusion. Patchy bilateral airspace opacities involving all lobes with dense consolidation of the lung bases. No pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small amount of subcutaneous emphysema along the right side of the chest wall. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusions. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the thoracic spine, lungs/airways/pulmonary and circulatory system, heart, blood vessels, and lymph nodes of patients with acute myocardial infarction. The results show that there is a large number of subcutaneous and subacute pulmonary nodules, some of which are stable and others that have grown in size over time. There is stable narrowing of the left mainstem bronchus of the lungs. There are also a large amount of pleural effusions in the upper lobe of the lung and a large right pleural metastatic lung mass. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The blood pool in the myocardium is hypodense compared to that in the heart, which may be a sign of anemia. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous and soft tissues: There are stable compression deformities in the top of the spine, transfixed by a hole in the skin at the front of the vertebrae, as well as in the scaphoid and scapulothoracic collarbone. A small hiatal hernia is stable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is a group of enlarged cardiophrenic nodes on the right side of the neck, measuring up to 1.8 cm in long and 1.1 cm in short, and a right lower paratracheal node, which has not changed in size. A right thyrotropium (thyroid) punctate is still in place. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be stable. The ascending aorta is large, measuring 3.8cm in length, and the blood pool is low.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings of a chest X-ray and CABG of the aortic valve of the heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. Stable small pleural effusion and atelectasis in the right lung. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta appears to be of the same size as the rest of the body. There is mild calcification of the valvular leaflets in the heart and a hiatal hernia in the groin area. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent but less than 1 cm noncalcified and calcified mediastinal lymph nodes. The included part of the thyroid gland is not known to have any cancerous growths. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No serious bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the condition of patients who have had esophagus and pancreas surgery to open up a hole in the chest wall to remove esophageal cancer and have been in hospital for more than a year. The surgery was done to remove the cancer from the right lung (tracheobronchial tree) prior to resection of the right lobe of the trachea. The tracheo-pulmonary ventricle is the tube that carries air in and out of the body. A right chest tube leads to the lungs and a left lung to the airway. Both tubes lead to the chest and the left lung has a thin wall that allows air to reach the lungs. The right lung wall is thickened and there is a small hole in it. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or narrowing of the pleural airways. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. The aorta is 42 mm long and the aortic valve has calcifications. There are no major defects in the heart or vessels. However, there is evidence of subcutaneous emphysema in the left lateral chest wall. There may be a large number of subcentimeter-sized lymph nodes in the subcarinal area of the neck. No evidence of cancer in the thyroid area is known.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. There is a thin-walled cyst in the left upper lobe of the lung (4:132) from prior surgery. No new or enlarging nodules or tumours. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thorax) was seen. Thyroid enlargement was not seen. The heart appears to be normal in size. The aorta is 41 mm long and the aortic valve is the same as it was prior to surgery. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cysts and other hypodensities too small to assess were seen. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a sub-4 mm nodule in the right upper lobe of the lungs, stable back to 5/2021 and stable going back to studies from December 2017. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion. No new adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Normal course and size of the aorta. The central pulmonary artery is a normal size. There is no evidence of any new malignancy. Upper Abdomen: Dictated. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review shows that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion from the tumour. However, there is a persistent tumour of the non membranous tracheal wall, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica.
This is an overview of the condition of a patient who had a cholecystectomy to open up the aortic valve in the thoracic region of the thorax. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion, but there is a small number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in some parts of the body. There are hepatic cysts and hypodensities too small to assess. Sclerotic foci in the right humeral head and T10 vertebral body are stable. The aorta is aneurysmal to 4.2 cm.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found in the lungs or airways. No pleural effusions were found. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta were found, but these appear to be unrelated to the heart. There were no changes in the breast and axilla of the right breast.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airway Group's Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2019. The review shows that there are more sub-4 mm peribronchovascular nodules in the lung and airways, some in a tree-in-bud distribution, and that there is mucus plugging (bibasilar atelectasis) in the distal bronchi. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. The heart appears to be normal in size. There are some calcified granulomas in the heart and there is a punctate left thyroid mass in the thyroid gland. The body of the lungs is covered in a thick mucus-like mucus that is thought to be caused by small airway disease.
This is an overview of the findings from the current study of the thoracic spine of a woman with thoracoscopy of the lungs, airways and airways of the neck. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Some of these nodules have spread to other parts of the body. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new noncalcified adenopathy. Thyroid and Pancreas: Thyroid enlargement has not been found in any of the three thyroids. Abdomen: Most of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Lung and Airways and Abdomen review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is persistent occlusion of the right upper lobe bronchus with mass in the upper lobe of the upper lung, worse than before. There is evidence of lymphangitis spread in the lymph nodes of the lung, which is likely to be due to spread of the cancer in lymph nodes from the lungs to the neck and back. There are new soft tissue changes along the right and left pleural fissures and there is new nodular and soft tissue in the right pericardial fat, which may be related to the spread of lymph cancer or may be caused by infection. The right pleural effusion is now multiloculated and thick-walled with locules along the medial ends of the pleura and within the fissure, which, if left untreated, may be the site of a new and more extensive cancer. The heart is normal in size. Heart and Blood Vessels: There are atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in height and size. The descending thoracic aorta has changes consistent with aortic thrombophlebitis (a narrowing of the blood vessels) and is thought to be the cause of the narrowing. No changes in the heart or blood vessels were noted in the other major blood vessels. Abdomens: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Lipoma in the size of the shoulder musculature can be noted. No pneumothorax was found in the left lung. There was no change in the number of people who had to have surgery for lung cancer in the chest or in the lungs. There were no deaths in either lung or the airways. The examination of the chest and lungs revealed that there was no evidence of a need for surgery on the chest wall or on the lungs or the lungs and airways, but there was some evidence of inflammation of the heart and blood vessel walls.
This is an overview of the condition of patients who have been in hospital for at least 48 hours after surgery to repair a rupture in the esophagus caused by aortic valve rupture. All patients have been examined by a thoracoscopy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube has been placed in the airways and is in a good position. There is no evidence of fluid in the pleural space or lung (although there is a chance that it may have been there when the tube was put in) or in the lungs (although it is not known if it was given by mouth or by tube). There is a small abscess in the mediastinum (smaller than in the lung) but there is no indication that it has spread to the other parts of the body. No evidence of an abscess has been found in the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Pneumothorax of the right lung has resolved. Subcutaneous emphysema along the right ventricle wall of the chest wall has improved.
This is an overview of the results from the most up-to-date review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung (3/40). There is severe centrilobular emphysema, which has not progressed since 2017. There is also a small subaortic lymph node (1.2 cm in short axis diameter) in the lower lobe (4/206), which is the same as it was in 2017. No new pleural effusion has been seen. Heart and Vessels: Stable cardiomegaly. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Degenerative changes are seen in the visualized spine. Changes from prior lumpectomy noted in the left breast. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine that have been seen in patients with thoracoscopy. A 1.1 cm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule remains the same as on the study from April 2021. There is a chronic mucoid impaction and peribronchial consolidation in the right lower lobes which is similar to the one from 2021. The left lower lobe paraspinal finding described on PET/CT has decreased in size and is no longer present. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.5 cm in the axial plane. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta have been found in the mitral annulus and the aortic valve. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been seen. No pericardial effusion has been found. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size. Upper Abdomen: Most of the other parts of the body are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen throughout the spine.
This is an update of a review first done in 2006. The new results show that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules. However, there are some calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the lung. The airways are patent and no pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic adenopathies.
This is an update of a study from March 2021 that found no new pleural effusion or consolidation of pleural tissue. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe of the trachea and a new 3 mm right upper lobe nodule. The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of patients with thoracoscopy. The spine is the top of the neck and the lungs are at the front of the spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Signs of airway disease including bronchial wall thickening and mild bronchiectasis with a lower lobe predominance. In the left lower lobe there are ill-defined centrilobular nodules in series 4 image 406 for example. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of adenopathy. Thyroid: No signs of thyroid cancer. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No changes in bone structure or growths.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings from a CT scan of the aortic valve of the heart and of the lungs/airways/pleura from the same day. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size and there is no change in the size of the pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or narrowing of the pleura. There are no signs of trauma to the lungs, airways or pleura, but there is a small hernia in the right thyroid measuring up to 3.6 cm (4:48 cm) and a large subcutaneous nodule in the mid anterior chest wall, likely a sebaceous cyst, which is a type of cyst that grows in the body from the skin to the blood vessels. The thyroid is not thought to be a source of cancer. The hernia is likely to be caused by a blood clot in the thyroid muscle and is not known to cause cancer. No signs of cancer in the thoracic area or in the lymph nodes. No changes in the heart or the vessels.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Airway and Pneumothoracic Imaging Group (CHEG) study of lung, airways and pleural effusion. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a bibasilar atelectasis in the left lung. There is mild bronchiectasis (inflammation of the bronchus) in the right lung. Mild secretions are seen in the distal right mainstem lung. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion (hole in the wall of the heart) was found. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis (scarring of the cholemus) remains in the lower lobe of the left adrenal gland and there is a small hernia in the hiatal hernia on the left side of the pelvis. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found no change in the size of the lesion in the right apical lesion (5:104) or in the number of patients with pleural effusions. The airways are patent. We found no changes in the amount of blood in the pleural spaces. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be the same size as they were when we last examined them. There are no new heart or blood vessels in the coronary artery or the carotid artery. No new coronary artery calcifications have been found. There is no significant change in any of the other lung or airways or lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separately dictated report of CT abdomen from the same day. No change in stable sclerotic osseous metastasis involving axial and appendic bones and soft tissues.
This is a summary of a CT scan of the diaphragm area of the pelvis to look for signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A large hiatal hernia was found. Sclerotic metastasis in T2 vertebral body is unchanged.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Cochrane Collaboration review. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The size of the right lung was stable with a 6 mm nodule in the upper lobe of the left lung and other spread out nodules in the superior segment of the inferior lobe. There were no new pleural effusions or pleural bleeds. The left lung had a previous left lower lobe peri fissural groundglass (pleural effusion) that was thought to have been caused by a blood clot, but was found to be caused by inflammation of the lymph nodes. There was no new enlargement of these lymph nodes in the lower lobe. Lung wall thickening and bronchiectasis was seen in the right bronchial wall with a new basilar subsegmental atelectasis, which could have been due to the impact of the airway. Thyroid gland: No changes in the size or shape of the thyroids. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild mucus secretions were found in the left side of the carina. Coronary and aortic calcifications are present. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus and mild calcions of the valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cortical cysts. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are normal. No lung or airway enlargement or pleural effusion was found. Thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications were found. Upper Abdomen: Reported. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. The original review found that the tracheobronchial tree is patent. Clusters of micronodules in the left lower lobe (for example 3: 353, 365, 409) are not seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No pericardial effusion. The heart appears normal in size. The aorta of the aortic valve is 36 mm long and there are no calcifications in the artery that leads to the lungs from the lungs to the heart. There is no evidence of a narrowing of the pleura (pulmonary ventricle) or of the airways (pleura plexus) after surgery to remove the esophagus and pancreas. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid (thyroid gland) or in the thoracic area (thoracic adenopathy). There is a small amount of blood in the tumour of the thyroid but it does not look like there is any damage to the body. The tumour does not appear to be large or painful. The liver is normal and the kidneys are functioning normally.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are many stable pulmonary nodules in the lungs. No pleural effusion. No new thoracic adenopathy. The airways are patent. Thyroid lobe mass: A mass in the right thyroid lobe measuring 3 cm is stable in size. There are no new lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size and there are no pericardial effusion or narrowing of the vessels of the heart. There were mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: There were no new bone lesions in the upper body. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the results of a large-scale study of lung and airway disease in adults with chronic lung cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse thickening, and alveolar groundglass opacities are associated with pulmonary edema. Sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules, for instance in the left upper lobe on series 5, image 141 are seen. There are scattered pulmonary cysts/blebs. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: There is an enlargement of the mitral annulus and mild calcification of aortic valvular leaflets. No pericardial effusion was seen. The central pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged to 3.3 cm, may be seen in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Aortic valve, aortic valves and coronary artery calcifications. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or other lung or airways nodules. No pleural effusion. Stable scarring in the right lung apex: treated malignancy. Scattered clusters of calcified granulomata, a type of cancer, have been found in the upper lung. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Heart is normal in size.
This is an update of a review first done in 2006. We found that the tracheobronchial tree has not changed in size or shape. The tracheostomy tube is still in place and the lungs and airways are stable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. There are no new or enlarging lung nodules or lymph nodes. The heart and vessels of the aorta are stable and heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion. Mild biapical scarring was found in the perihilar region of the peritoneal cavity. There was no change in the size of the right and left major fissure. There were no changes in the shape or size of either the right or the left ventricle or the neck or the thoraco-abdomen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid and Ovaries: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Punctate calcifications in both breasts.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of CT of the upper lobe of the lung. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules are seen, for instance in the left upper lobe on series 4 of image 101. There is a left lower lobe calcified granuloma. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. The aorta appears to be of the same size as the rest of the body. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Nodular soft tissue densities in the thymic bed are likely to be due to the presence of thymus enlargement. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy was found.
This is an overview of the results of a study of the size and size of lung and airways and of heart and blood vessels in patients with acute myocardial infarction. The results show that the number of pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe of the lungs and in the airways of the heart and the heart has decreased. No new lung or airways nodules have been found. The heart is normal in size and the aorta is of the same size as the rest of the body. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area.
This is an update of a review first done in 2004. The original review was done in 2007. The review now has been re-ran in 2013 and a new version has been done in a new format. The new version shows that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is also no evidence of pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. However, there is evidence of a mild but stable punctate micronodule in the right lung base and new mild groundglass opacities in the left lung base. There are also mild subsegmental atelectasis and lymph nodes. The heart is normal in size and the aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications are normal. The esophagus is patulous and the thyroid is heterogeneous.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Worsening of nodularities in the right upper lobe and redemonstration of septal thickening in the left upper lobe. There is an increase of pleural effusion in the lower lobe. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 8.5 mm lower right paratracheal lymph node (5/158). The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2014. The review includes four main areas: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The lungs appear to be stable and the airways are patent. There is a new 1.0 cm large nodule in the azygos esophageal recess of the right lower lobe. No pleural effusions. The thoracic adenopathy appears to be no worse than in the patients who had surgery on the left lobe of the thyroid gland. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. There was a small amount of pericardial (vessel) fluid posteriorly. The aorta appears to run along the length of the body and has the same size as the aortic ventricles. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Thyroid gland enlargement: An atrophic lesion was found in the T6 vertebrae of the neck, previously measuring 1.3 cm, at an initial sclerotic lesion of 1.1 cm. The lesion grew to 2.1cm at the time of surgery and is still there.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Abdomen Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There was some thickening of the bronchial wall and bronchiectasis in the right lung base and bronchus. There was improvement in the left lung base, but not in the other lungs or the airways. There were no new lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung on the first follow-up in July 2021. However, there were a few new nodules on the left ventricle on the third follow up in July 2019. There are no new pleural effusion or enlarging of lymph nodes in the pleura. Thyroid enlargement was not seen after thyroid surgery. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly is a type of heart disease in which the heart is formed in both the left and the right chambers of the heart. The main cause of this is enlargement of the atria and ventricles of the lungs. There is a narrowing of the blood supply to the lungs and airways, which can lead to lung collapse and death. The heart and blood vessels are narrowed and may be blocked by blood clots.
We found that there is a spiculated mass in the right upper lobe of the right bronchi (bronchi are the airways of the lungs) that partially encases the right mainstem bronchus (the airway that carries air from the lungs to the lungs). This mass may be caused by a large spiculate mass originating from the right paratracheal lobe. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax (collapse of the airway wall). There is evidence of lymphadenopathy in the para-aortic lymph nodes, which may be due to a blockage of the aortic and coronary artery. The main pulmonary artery is large (3.4 cm) and may be seen in the case of high blood pressure. There are other nodules in the upper and lower lobes of the left adrenal gland measuring up to 1.2 cm and a prominent left supraclavicular lymph node measuring 9 mm. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen in this study. There was no change in the volume of blood in the vessels of the heart or in the size of the vessels that carry blood from the heart to the blood vessels. Upper Abdomen: There was a large nonobstructing renal tumour on the left side of the pelvis. No changes in bone or cartilage were seen. There were no changes in other parts of the body such as the liver, kidneys or lungs.
This is an overview of changes in heart, lungs, airways, and pleura of the thoracic spine after heart valve and aortic valve surgery. The heart and vessels are stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Stable heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary artery and the veins of the heart and heart and vessel are found in both heart and blood vessels. Upper Abdomen: No new pleural or pleural enlargement or narrowing of the pleura. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No more lymph nodes were found in the chest after surgery. Thyroid enlargement was not found in any of the thyroids. Heal of the sternum and sternum was complete after sternotomy. No aggressive bony lesions were found. Routine age-related degenerative changes were found throughout the spine.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine caused by age-related degenerative changes. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No adenopathy by CT size criteria.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original review was last updated in 2013. The review now has several new findings. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung wall thickening and foci of distal mucoid impaction in the right and left tracheobronchial wall. New tree-in-bud nodules in the upper lobe and right middle lobe. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications are present. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid artery (a branch of the blood stream that leads to the brain) is from the aortical arch (the arch of the heart). Ascending aorta measures 34 mm long. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the artery. Thyroid lobe: Thyroid is a large gland in the neck of the neck that drains the blood from the neck and is the source of a large amount of blood loss to the lungs and other parts of the body. Stable left and right thyroid lobe is heterogeneous. No enlarging of lymph nodes were found. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracoid bone) was found after surgery for haemodialysis (removal of the thyroid gland) in the left humerus (head of the head) prior to surgery to remove the thyroids (thyroid glands). Thyroid surgery was performed on the left thyroid lobe prior to removal of the thyroxine in the same day as the thyrogastric surgery on the right thyroid lobe. Bone and soft tissues: Stable L1 (shin bone) and L1 compression fracture of the L1 vertebrae. Osteotomies were performed on both the left and the right humeral head. No fractures were found in the back of the brain or the neck. No changes in the size of the lungs or the airways or in the pleural space.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of patients with thoracoscopy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchiectasis. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are normal. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy (scarring of the neck) or adenophlebitis (inflammation of the lymph nodes). Thyroid: Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of patients who have had thoracoscopy to look for signs of lung and airway disease. The surgery was performed on the right side of the spine to open up the lungs and remove the diseased airways. The results show that the lungs are stable and no new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and the aortic valve is normal size. There are no signs of cancer in any of the major veins or arteries in the spine. The spine is stable after surgery and there is no change in the size or shape of the thyroid gland or the lymph nodes. However, there are signs of large airway changes including a thickening of the bronchial wall and calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Tumour Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Stable right upper lobe 13 x 9 mm nodule (3:126); this nodule was previously biopsied and shown to be benign pathology. Severe upper lobe bronchiectasis with large apical bullae (4:65) and a 5 mm left apical nodule have resolved. Mucoid impaction in the left upper lobe has resolved and is not thought to be caused by the tracheostomy tube. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from this Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of secretions in the trachea. There is severe cystic and varicoid bronchiectasis. Some of the cysts show signs of air-fluid levels (for example left upper lobe 4:204) and some of the disease has progressed (4:278). No pleural effusion or pleural abscess was found. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion, pleural or peritoneal effusion. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the three thyroids (thyroids are the outermost layers of the thyroid that support the body's volume and volume of blood). Thyroid disease is not known to be caused by a tumour, but may be due to damage to the thyroid cells. There were no signs of cancerous growths in the thyroid (thyroid) or in the lymph nodes (lymph nodes are the part of the body that carries the lymphocytes that make up the blood vessels that carry the blood around the body and help the body to move around and move around). The heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The aorta, aortic valve and the valves of the aortas appear to be the same size and shape as the rest of the heart. There are some calcifications in both breasts, but these are not large and are not thought to be cancerous. However, there is a chance that they are due to the presence of bone in the breast tissue. There may be some calcification in the size of 2.2 cm in the right breast and there is new in the upper lobe of the right upper lobe, which has not been seen before. The left breast appears to have the same amount of calcified tissue as the other breasts. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Multiple vertebral hemangiomata versus osteopenia. No signs of osteoporosis.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the left lung of patients with acute myocardial infarction. There are a few lung nodules in the lower lobe of the right lung, but these are not stable and have not been found on previous CT scans. There is a 4 mm nodule in the right upper lobe and a 1.6 mm left lung nodule. No thoracic lymphadenopathy has been found, but a 1 cm thyroid nodule has been noted. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which may be a sign of high blood flow in the lungs. Extensive collateral vessels are seen throughout the left chest wall. No aggressive osseous lesion has been seen. A mild compression fracture of the T6 vertebral body is stable.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Thyroid and Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Thyroid enlargement in all lobes of the right thyroid with new dense consolidation in the right upper lobe. Stable right middle lobe nodularity. Lungs and airways: There is no evidence of cancer in any of the lungs or airways or of the pleural effusion. There is some evidence of tumour in the neck of the lung. No signs of disease in the other parts of the body. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Small amount of pericardial fluid. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This is an update of a tracheostomy that was performed on a patient who was in the ICU for more than a year. The patient was found to have a narrowing in the airways of the lungs and a narrowing of the pleura (pulmonary ventricles) in both the upper lobe and both the lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size and there was no evidence of pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to be of the same size as the rest of the body. Worsening of pleural consolidation in the right upper lobe of the lung and both lower lobes is a cause for concern. However, examination of these two lobes may have been done in a way that may account for some of the apparent parenchymal haziness.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of patients with thoracoscopy of the spine. The spine is the top of the neck and the lungs are in the chest. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is evidence of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis and multiple areas of mucoid impaction. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are some fissures in the airways and there is a small number of pulmonary nodules in the right lung. However, these nodules are not large and do not need to be treated. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy in the neck or in the lymph nodes. Thyroid enlargement is normal. No changes in the number of thyroids. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen in the spine and are thought to be due to the age of the bones.
This is an overview of the findings from the CABG. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no improvement in lung function and there is a moderate risk of atelectasis. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Few cysts are seen in the right lung lower lobe. Few scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules, some of which are calcified, have been found. Central airways are patent. No thoracic adenopathy was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart and blood vessels appear to be in good shape. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. Upper Abdomen: No evidence of an abnormality. Bone and soft tissues: No signs of trauma to the bone or soft tissues. The bone structure appears to be stable. There is a low risk of fracture of the right seventh rib.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe of the lung is thought to be due to some calcified granulomata. No suspicious lung nodules or mass. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 41 mm. Mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement is not seen in the thyroid.
Aortic valve calcifications and aortic artery enlargement are found in both lungs and heart. Thyroid enlargement is seen in both the lungs and the airways. No pericardial effusion was found. Aortic valves have not been found to be calcified, but there is a chance that this may be due to blockage of the valves. The aorta is 45 mm long and the heart is at least 50 mm wide. There is no evidence that any of the other parts of the body have changed in any way.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and neck of patients who have had a thoracoscopy (CT) of the neck to look for signs of cancer or other types of cancer in the neck of the spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prevascular mediastinal node measuring up to 1.1 cm long and 1.2 cm short on the short axis is found on the right side of the spinal cord. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. No changes in the number of thyroids. Bone and Osseous Structures and Soft Tissues: Benign-appearing lucent lesions in the left third rib in series 3 image 86 for example. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the neck.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening with foci of mucoid impaction (for example lingula 4:242) and a 5 mm groundglass nodule (4:85). Scattered calcified granulomata. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Large amount of thrombus in the right jugular vein, partially imaged. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid (thyroid gland) and Pancreas: Thyroid enlargement appears to be normal. No evidence of periarthenitis (scarring of the thyroid) was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Thyroid: No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the neck) or thyroid cancer was found. Atrophic thyroid was not found. Upper Abdomen: Thyroid enlargement was not seen prior to cholecystectomy. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. However, esophageal wall thickening can be seen in the case of stomach ulcers such as ulcerative colitis and ulcers of the esophagus. Spine and Spine: Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine were noted.
This is an overview of the condition of patients with bronchial wall thickening (bronchial plexus thickening) and pleural fluid in the right lung and subsegmental atelectasis in the lower lobe of the left lung. A right chest tube is inserted and the tip of the tube is in the region of the right ventricle. There is a very small right anteriorly layering (pneumothorax) of air in the airways and a very large right pleural gap (an air gap is a hole in the lung wall that leads to the airway that is not filled with air) of a right lung. This hole is thought to be caused by the growth of a cancer in the inferior lingula of the lower lung. There are no other signs of disease in the lungs or airways. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Punctate calcified granuloma in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original review was done in 2009. The new update was added in 2013. The review now includes information from two new reviews published in 2014 and 2015. The main findings are that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large degree of collapse in the right lung. Subsegmental atelectasis at the left lung. Small right and trace left pleural effusions. No significant change in size or distribution of pulmonary metastases. The metastasies show increased cavitation in response to treatment (for example right upper lobe 3: 199,221; left upper lobe 4:138; left lower lobe 3,195). No groundglass opacities to suggest pneumonitis. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral annular calcification. Upper Abdomen: Extensive hepatocellular metastasis. Worsening anasarca. Pneumobilia. Upper abdominal ascites. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. Mild thickening of the bronchial wall is thought to be due to thickened blood in the lungs consistent with airways disease. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or mass. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and of good size. There is no evidence of aortic aneurysm or myocardial infarction. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal and appears to be in the same place as the other parts of the body. No signs of cancer or lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen: Left breast has a small amount of bone in the left breast. No evidence of cancer in the right breast. Melanoma of the breast was not found in the breast X-rayed in the last two X-rays taken in the first half of the 20th century.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the thoracic spine of people who have had thoracoscopy to look at changes in the structure and function of the lungs, airways, heart and vessels of the spine. The spine is a thin layer of bone between the lungs and the heart and the blood vessels that carries blood from the lungs to the heart. The bone is usually of good size but there is some narrowing of the bone in the left and right lungs. There is some thinning of the distal esophageal wall. There are no new lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the esophagus or in the paraesophagus. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. The heart is normal size and the aorta is of normal size. The neck is thin and the spine is of good shape. No new bone lesions have been found in the neck or thoracopharyngeal area. However, there has been an increase in the size of some of the thyroid nodules in the lower lobe of the neck.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane thoracoscopy and Radioscopy Group's (RCTs) study of the thoracic spine and lung and airways in adults with thoracopharyngeal cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A right-sided lipoma (lipoma in the airways) is likely to be originating from the extrapleural space in the right lung measuring up to 5.2 cm in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The 1 cm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 283 is unchanged compared with the most recent study and is stable in size going back to study from December 2020, however it is new compared to the first study from January 2010. There are associated enlarged airways. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse mild bronchiectasis. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Calcification of the aortic valve. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement: No changes in the number of thyroids in the neck or in the mass of the thyroid. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No tumours of the bones or soft tissues were found. Routine age-related degenerative changes were found in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airway Group's Cochrane Respiratory and Pneumoscopy Group (CHRR Group) study of patients with lung and airway defects in the chest of a heart-lunged adult who have been admitted to the ICU of a tertiary hospital. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways appear to be stable. The endotracheal tube tip is in the midthoracic trachea. No effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separate CT abdomen/pelvis examination. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Portions of the bilateral lower ribs are not visualized on the CT chest or CT body scan. Multiple old left rib fracture deformities are found. No acute fracture was identified.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No evidence of pulmonary contusion or pleura. There is a minimally displaced fracture of the left lateral 5th rib in the left ventricle of the thoracic lobe of the pelvis. No acute compression fracture deformity. Central height loss of the T4 and T5 vertebrae appears to be a long-term problem and is not thought to be caused by the compression of the rib cage. However, there is mild stranding in the rib spaces between the left 3-4-4, 4-5 and 5-6 intercostal rib spaces, which is posttraumatic. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: The lower thoracics are either not clearly visualized or not visualized. Central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs/airways/pleura and heart/vessel of the aorta of aortic ventricles of the heart and of the blood supply to the lungs. There are scattered sub-6 mm pulmonary nodules, for example a left upper lobe nodule measuring 5 mm seen on series 4 image 114. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. There is no evidence of thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracoskeletal system) in either lung. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated CT abdomen for subdiaphragmatic findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes were found.
This is an overview of the results from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothoracic and Pulmonary (Pleural) Network (PLN) Group (PLNG) Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild multilobar bronchiectasis and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild reticulations in the left lung are thought to be scarring due to a previous pulmonary embolism in that area. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion (hole in the pleural wall) was found. No evidence of interstitial lung disease. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 38 mm. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Calcified granuloma in the right hepatocellular lobe. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of people who have had a thoracoscopy of this area. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 3 mm left apical pulmonary nodule in the lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are normal size and the aorta is the same size as it should be. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone structure or in the number of vertebrae above the diaphragm. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy (scarring of the adenoid wall of the lungs). Thyroid is normal.
This is an overview of the findings from a large-scale study of the thoracic spine of adults with thoracoscopy of the heart, lungs, and airways of people who have had a heart or lung transplant from the chest. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size and there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There is no evidence of adenopathy (scarring of the lungs or airways) of the chest or of the airways. However, there are some calcified calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas in the heart and the vessels. There are no changes in the size of the thyroid nodules or in the number of lymph nodes in the neck or the back of the neck.
We found that the volume loss of the left lung is stable, but there is an increase of fibrotic changes in the left lobe at the top of the lung, including left upper lobe cavitation. However, there is also an increase in the number of pulmonary nodules, for instance a 5 mm right lower lobe nodule on series 5, image 232; and an unchanged 6 mm left lung nodule. There is right apical pleuroparenchymal scarring. No pleural effusion. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size.
This review shows that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion from the tumour in either lung. However, there is a small number of sub-5 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the right lung and one sub-8 mm nodule in the upper lobe. There is no clear evidence of tumour spread to other parts of the body. The tumour appears to be confined to the diaphragm area.
This is an update of the original review from November 2014. No other new noncalcified pulmonary nodules have been found. There is a 4.8 x 4.6 x 6.2 cm right apical lung mass which was found in the upper lobe of the lung and does not cross the major fissure. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been seen. There are no other new pleural or arterial lymph nodes. The lymph nodes are located in the middle of the thoracic aorta between the lungs and the heart and are of a normal size. The pulmonary artery is normal size and there are no new calcified calcifications in the coronary arteries or the veins of the heart or the blood vessels. The thyroid is normal and there is no change in the number of thyroids or the size of the aortas or the thyroid gland. The body's airways are clear and clear of any obstruction.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. The spine is a thin, thin layer of bone between the heart and the lungs, and the airways and airways of the lungs and the heart. It is the area that carries blood from the lungs to the heart, the blood supply to the blood vessels and the body, and carries the blood that carries oxygen in the blood stream. This is the part of the spine that carries air from the heart to the lungs. Some of the changes in the spine may be due to the age of the spinal cord, but the spine does not seem to change with age. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax (collapsed lung). The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: None of the abdominal organs appear to have changed in any major way. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid enlargement: No change in the size or shape of the thyroid.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or lymph nodes. There is a stable 1.1 cm left thyrotropium nodule in the lower lobe of the left lung and a stable 2 cm left thyroid thyroid nodule. Both nodules are stable. However, there is a moderate amount of calcification in the heart and vessels of the heart. No pleural effusion was seen. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the pleura was noted. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. A pacemaker is in place.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane thoracoscopy (CT) study of the thoracic spine and lung and airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There was a decrease in the size of the lung nodules compared to study from September 2021. There was no change in the number of pleural effusions. There were also no changes in the amount of air in the lungs or the airways or in the mainstem bronchi or the trachea. However, there was an increase in the volume of fluid in the upper airways and in the heart and vessels. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were found in the coronary artery and the main artery of the heart. This was not seen with the CABG from September 2012 to September 2017. Lung and airway consolidation: Overall there was a slight decrease in lung consolidation compared to the study from December 2017 to September 2019. There is no evidence of a change in volume loss in either lung or airway. There are no signs of cancer in the lung or the lungs. No signs of disease in the airway or the bronchi. Thyroid enlargement was not found in either heart or the atria or the blood vessels. No evidence of cancer of the thyroid was found in any of the other parts of the body. No changes in bone and soft tissues were found. Upper Abdomen: No changes were seen in the bone or soft tissues.
This is an update of a study from August 2021. Some of the nodules seen on the prior study from 2021 have resolved. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is some atelectasis in the lower lobes and along the fissure in the left upper lobe. Patchy airspace opacities in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 165 for example. Pulmonary nodules including a 6 mm right-upper lobe nodule in the series 4 study 269. New large pericardial effusion. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Ascending aorta measures up to 4 cm in the axial plane. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No changes in bone structure and soft tissues.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidation of the lung and airways. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: A large portion of the abdominal organs are well-preserved. Moderate-sized hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs and airways and the heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema in the lungs. There is a mucus in the central airways. The pleural effusion in the right lung appears to be greater than in the left lung. There are mild coronary artery calcifications and no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart has a right chest port with the distal tip terminating in the superior right atrium. The heart chambers are normal in size and there is no evidence of narrowing of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Upper pelvis: There are some sclerotic foci in the bones, consistent with metastatic disease. Mediastinum/Lymph Nodes: Hilar lymph nodes up to 1.4 cm and mediastinal lymph nadias up to 2.0 cm are similar to prior.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of patients with thoracoscopy of this condition. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are a few calcified granulomas in the lungs and pleura, most of which are less than 4 mm in size. Some of these nodules are also likely related to mucoid impaction. There is a 1.1 x 0.6 cm nodule along the pleura in the superior segment of the right lower lobe. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy of the lungs or airways. Thyroid: There is no evidence of adenopathies of the heart or blood vessels or of the lymph nodes. The thyroid is normal. Upper Abdomen: No signs of bone or soft tissue damage. No changes in the bones of the back of the spine.
This is an overview of lung and airways and heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion. Pleural reticulations and mild traction bronchiectasis with some areas of subpleural sparing. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques. Stable 3 mm right upper lobe nodule (5.166 mm) is the largest and longest in the world. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aortic valve. Ascending aorta is 39 mm long. Coronary artery, aortics and valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of adenopathies of the lymph nodes. Thyroid enlargement is not seen in the thyroid.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas have been found in the lung and airways. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Bone and soft tissue structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone or soft tissue tumours. There was a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast in series 5 of a series 5 CT of the breast in the upper breast. There are no signs of cancer in the lungs or the airways or the heart or the vessels of the heart. No signs of adenopathy in the neck or in the chest. No changes in the number of lymph nodes or the size of lymph cells in the limbs or the thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Heart and Breast and Abdomen study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lung and airways: Lung disease is mainly confined to the upper lobe of the lungs. There is a combination of bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thickening, and mucus impaction. There are no pleural effusions. Lung disease: There are multiple pulmonary nodules. One spiculated solid nodule in the left lung is stable at 1.3 cm and there are other sub-5 cm nodules in the right lung. In the left and right lungs, there are stable nodules a 0.7 cm and a 1.2 cm. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. A calcification is in the breast of the left breast. The aorta of the heart appears to be the same size as that of the aortic valve and there is a three-vessel coronary artery calcification in the coronary artery. The other vessels appear to be unaltered. The subcentimeter retroperitoneal lymph nodes are found in the back of the abdomen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: [Mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.1 cm is not stable. Hilar lymph nodes measured up to 2.5 cm are not found in any of the other lymph nodes. The rest of the subcentimeters are not known to be stable due to noncontrast study.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the tumour in the lung of the right lung. No new or enlarging lung nodule has been found. There is a 1.3 mm right middle lobe lung tumour that is stable. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the lung or the thoracic area. The thyroid tumour is stable as well as the right and left thyroids. No aggressive osseous lesion has been seen. Sclerotic lesions in the right second rib are stable.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent chest X-ray of the diaphragm area of the pelvis to look for signs of lymphadenopathy. The X-rays did not show any abnormalities in the lungs or other parts of the body. However, there was a trace right pleural effusion, measuring up to 1.0 cm, in the left pleural area. There was no evidence of a large tumour in the right lung nor was there any evidence of any other lymphadenopathies.
This is an update of the original review from 2010. We found that the size of the cavitary lesion in the right lung is the same as it was when we last looked at it in 2010. There is a large amount of fluid in this lesion and the airway wall is thickening. There are also changes in the shape of the lungs and the aorta and there is an aneurysm of aortic arch in the descending aortus measuring up to 4 cm in size. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there are no new pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion. However, there is a lot of calcification in the coronary arteries and aortas. The airways are also thickened and the pleura (pulmonary ventricles) is narrowing. No new pleural nodules were found when we looked at the original results from 2010-11.
This review shows that there is no new or enlarging lung nodule in the right lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This review shows that there are no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the lungs. There is no evidence of an arterial blockage in the coronary artery (the main artery supplying blood to the lungs) or of an angioplasty (removal of blood). However, there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung, for example in the right upper lobe on image 99 of series 4 and in the left lung on image 279. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are seen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of post-surgery imaging of the thoracic spine and lung and airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas of the heart and the stents. Heart and Vessels: Stable post-operative changes consistent with a heart transplant. No other findings to suggest interstitial disease. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
This is an overview of the condition of lung and airways surgery for aortic valve replacement and left atrial appendage ligation. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic trachea. There is a moderate right and a small left, partially loculated pleural effusion. There are overlying consolidation opacities with air bronchograms that most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis, but there is a possibility that some of the airways may have been blocked by a large piece of ground glass that could have been aspirated. Mildly prominent mediastinal lymph nodes are active. Heart and Vessels: The heart valve valve is still in place and the atrium of the left atrium appears dilated. There was a small pericardial effusion of simple fluid. The sternotomy wires are not displaced. No definite pneumothorax has been found. No aggressive osseous lesion was found. Pneumomediastinum and fat stranding is postoperative.
This is an overview of surgery to open up the lungs and airways of patients with heart and blood vessels in the thoracic region of the chest. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which can be seen in setting of high blood pressure. Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the trachea. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are open and clear. No effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears normal in size. The heart is in the lower lobe of the lung and measures up to 3.8 cm in length. The airways are clear and well-ventilated. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. Upper Abdomen: The liver appears slightly lobular in contour. The spleen appears top normal to mildly enlarged. Enteric tube is present within the gastric lumen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive osseous lesion identified. Prominent bilateral gynecomastia noted. Mild anteriorging of the C6 vertebral body is seen.
We found extensive thickening of the bronchiolar and bronchial wall wall which may be related to bronchitis and/or asthma. There is a 3 mm pulmonary nodule in the left upper lobe of the lung. The lungs are clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion was found. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. The aorta and vessels appear to be of the same size as the rest of the body. However, there is a small amount of pneumomediastinum surrounding the distal esophagus/gastroesophageal junction with the majority of the in the superior mediastinal region. No evidence of perforation was found in the gastroesophagus. There was no evidence of any other perforations of the peritoneum or pleural spaces. The lymph nodes are not clearly defined. There are no signs of bone or soft tissue damage.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Paediatric Pulmonary and Intracranial Respirator's Group (PPLNG) Group (NPLG) Cochrane Collaboration (NVCG) Respiratory and Intravenous Network (ICN) Group, a group of specialists in the field of lung and airway surgery. The review of the PLLG network found that there is some evidence of pleural thickening in the upper lobe of the lungs. There is also a small amount of blood in the pleural space. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the lymph nodes. The heart size is normal. However, there is a trace pericardial effusion and there are calcified and calcified pleural lymph nodes, which may be due to prior granulomatous disease.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2004. The heart size is stably enlarged. There is no evidence of any new tumour in the chest or other parts of the body, but there is an atelectasis in the upper lobe of the chest and a cyst in the right renal lobe. No new tumours have been found in the lower lobe. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of published in The Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's 'Pulmonary and Intra-arterial Reviews' series. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. Lungs: There is evidence of thickening of the pulmonary septal at the upper lobe of the lung. There is a 6 mm groundglass left upper lobe nodule and other scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. A 2.6 cm hypoattenuating right thyroid nodule is unchanged. The heart size is normal status post aortic valve surgery and there is no pericardial effusion. The patient is again noted to be in a stable condition post cholecystoid surgery. Upper abdomen: A cyst in the right kidney has not been found and is not thought to be caused by the surgery. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the bone or in the soft tissue surrounding the cyst. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the study of pleural effusions in the chest and upper abdomen. The heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion and no periportal edema.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the results from a comprehensive search of the medical records. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The trachea is midline and patent. Note is made of an azygos lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a granuloma in the left lower lobe of no clinical significance. There are no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. The heart and vessels are filled with blood from the coronary artery and from the other chambers of the heart. The vessels have not changed in size in the last 10 years. Upper Abdomen: The spleen is prominent but not pathogenic. The spleens are thin and the spleen does not seem to be enlarging. The right kidney is normal. The left kidney has a cyst on the left and the left adrenal gland does not change in size, which is a good sign. The gallbladder has a large cyst in the aorta and there is a large pancreas lesion on the right. The pancreatic parenchyma (pancreatic cavity) is thin and not getting any larger. The sternum is filled with soft tissue thickening. The top of the sternum has been covered in fatty atrophy and there are a large number of lesions in the sternal manubrium (shin bone). There is an indeterminate 1.6 cm lesion in the adrenal glands, which did not change size in size on PET/CT June 2012. This lesion did not show an increase in size when it was taken out for the first time since 2002. The remaining lesions are of the same size and shape as the rest of the tumour.
This is an overview of the findings from an MRI of the lungs of patients with lung cancer who have been in hospital for at least six months. The results show that there are a few small lung nodules in the upper lobe of the lung, mainly in the left lung. Mild subpleural reticulation is seen in the lower lobe. There is a stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lobe. Mild emphysema is present. A new small left pleural effusion is seen. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy (scarring of the lymph nodes) in the thoracic area. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found. T12 compression fracture with associated vertebroplasty (removal of bone from the back of the neck) has not changed.
This is an overview of changes in the structure and function of the thoracic spine, lungs, airways, heart and blood vessels. Changes in Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is no evidence of a change in the size of any of the lymph nodes in the lower lobe of the lungs. However, there is an increase in size of some right axillary and subpectoral lymph nodes, for example a subpectoral lymph node measuring up to 1.2 cm long and 0.8 cm wide, which was not seen previously. There are also increasing numbers of right hilar adenopathies and subcarinal lymph nodes. No changes in bone and soft tissues. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No change in bone or soft tissues below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Lungs/Airways/Pleura and Heart/Vessels/Throat of the peribronchial tract. Lungs and Airways: There is a near-complete resolution of the previous left upper and lower lobe of the lung and airways. There is mild bronchiectasis in the lower lobe, with a patch of groundglass in the right base (5/392) but no evidence of infection. The airways are patent. The thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. However, there is a stable enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, measuring 3.2 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension. There are severe heart and blood vessel calcifications. AICD is seen on the left ventricle of the heart and in the main artery of the lungs. Upper Abdomen: There are stable nodulae of the left adrenal gland. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Ribs and Soft Tissues: None of the rib fractures appear to have been caused by any type of disease, but there are multiple healing rib fractures. The gastrostomy tube is still in place.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine that have been seen in people who have had a thoracoscopy of the spine. Changes in the lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysematous changes with more of the lungs in the upper lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable cyst in the left lower lobe with associated small airway findings. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is decreased soft tissue thickening along the suture line in the right. The 4 mm left lung nodules in the lower lobe of the left lung are unchanged compared to the prior study and are stable going back to studies from July 2020. There are no new or enlarged pulmonary nodles. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size. Pulmonary artery is normal size and there is no evidence of a narrowing of the airways. The thyroid gland has not changed in size or shape compared to prior surgery. Post-surgery changes of the lower lobes of the right lung are similar to those of the other two lobes. There was no change in the adenopathy of the thyrotropium (thyroid gland) or in the number of lymph nodes in the back of the neck. There were no new adenopathies in the thyroids after surgery. Upper Abdomen: Post surgery changes are consistent with prior left nephrectomy. Remains of the abdominal organs are normal. Small hiatal hernia.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings of a chest X-ray of a heart-lung biopsy. Results show that there is a large blood pool in the left ventricle of the heart. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. The heart size is large and the blood in the blood pool appears to be too low to allow normal blood flow to the lungs. There are atelectasis (holes) in the upper lobe of the left lung and there is some evidence of atelectasia in the right lung. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found. No lymphadenopathy has been identified. Further X-rays of the abdomen and pelvis are required.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's study of the thoracic aorta, the lungs, the airways, the heart, and the heart and blood vessels of patients with acute myocardial infarction. The evidence is up to date as of July 2021. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or airways or of the heart or blood vessels. There were no changes in the number of lymph nodes or the size of the thyroids in the neck or the thyroid gland. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pericardial effusion was noted. Upper Abdomen: A large part of the abdominal organs are well-preserved. There is evidence of growth of bony lesions in the T3, T4, and T6 vertebral bodies which have increased in size compared to study from July 2021 to July 2019.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now shows that there is no change in the number of sub-4 mm nodules in the right thyroid, but there are some changes in the upper and middle lobes. There is mild emphysema in the paraseptal lobe of the lungs, and there are a few cysts. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be the same size as they were before surgery. The airways are patent. There are no new pleural effusions or pleural bleeds. No new bone lesions have been found.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine, lungs, and airways of patients with thoracoscopy. Changes in the lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Scattered calcified granulomas. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the results from a study of the thoracic spine of adults with thoracoscopy of the lungs and airways of the heart and the aorta. The results show that there are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. However, there is a large amount of lung and airway disease including mild bronchiectasis and bronchial wall thickening throughout the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no pericardial effusion. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas have been found in both the coronary artery and the pulmonary artery. There is no new consolidation of the lung nodules in the right lung described on the prior study. No new consolidation was found in the left lung on the new study. The evidence is up to date as of September 2021.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Heart and Stroke and Pneumothorax/Pleura study. Lungs/Airways: No pleural effusion or pleural oedema. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.3 cm which is larger than the aorta at this level. There is also dilation of the lobar and segmental pulmonary arteries. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement is normal. No aggressive bony lesions. Upper Abdomen: No changes in the size of the heart or the vessels or in the shape of the lungs or the airways. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healing left-sided rib fractures.
This review shows that there are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, but the size and location of these nodules are not clear. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This study shows that there is no evidence of a pleural effusion from the tumour in the pleural area of the lungs. However, there is some evidence of lymphadenopathy in the right paratracheal lobe of the lung, for example a 1.2 cm lymphadenomy in that area. There is no clear evidence of metastasis to other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. There is a calcified nodule in the left thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. There are three vessel coronary artery calcification. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph Nodes: No thoracic adenopathy per size criteria. The lymph nodes appear to be unaltered. Thyroid Gland: There is no evidence of malignancy in the thyroid gland but there is calcified mass in the right thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There have been changes of the spine.
This is a summary of the findings from the Cochrane Lungs/Airways/Pleura (CT) and Heart and Vessels (SVC) review. Lungs and Airways: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Branching lung nodules in the left lung are likely to be due to airway disease. Stable septal thickening and linear scarring in the right lung is evident. No pneumothorax (collapsed lung) or pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion (hole in the heart) was found in the SVC. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were found in both the coronary artery and the main artery of the heart. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic lymph nodes or in the thyroid gland. Heart and vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be of good size. The aortic valve appears to be normal size and the pulmonary artery appears to have no changes in size. There is no evidence that the pleural airways are blocked or that there is any evidence of an obstruction of the airways. There are no signs of cancer in the pleura or the lungs. The combined lytic and sclerotic bony lesion involving the right fifth rib in series 5 image 220 for example is unchanged. No new bony lesions have been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central tracheobronchial tree is a tree of the trachea (trachea is the airway that carries air from the lungs to the lungs) and is thought to be the cause of lung cancer. There is a spiculated mass in the upper lobe of the right lung which is connected to the right major fissure by a thin line of connective tissue. This spiculate mass has been found to be of good size and is attached to the other fissures in the lung. There are no signs of pericardial effusion. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. No signs of adenopathy (scarring of the neck or thoracoscopy) of the thyroids or of the lymph nodes. Thyroids are not known to have a role in lung and airways cancer. Thyroxine (thyroid hormone) is well-preserved and there is no sign of periostitis (inflammation of the thyroid). Eosophageal wall thickening can be seen in the setting of GERD. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. Aortic calcifications are found in the aortic chambers of the heart. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Scattered lucent lesions in the spine (for example C7, T3 and C7 vertebral bodies).
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels of the heart and of the pelvis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is bibasilar atelectasis/scarring, mostly on the left lung. There are scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules. No new or enlarging lymph nodes were seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There is three-vessel coronary artery disease. No pericardial effusion was found. The aorta appears to be of the same size as the rest of the body. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were identified.
This is a summary of the findings of a Cochrane review of CT of the heart and vessels of the aorta and of the thoracoscopy of the pelvis. There are new sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules in the left lower lung, series 4 image 154 and 340. Small airways disease is seen in the right upper lung. No pleural effusions were found. No pericardial effusion was found. There is a three-vessel coronary artery calcification. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is no evidence of lymph nodes in the neck or thoracoskeletal area. However, there is a poorly defined 1.8 cm lesion arising from the left thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: There was a right chest port with the distal tip terminating in the mid to distal SVC. The aortic ventricle appears to be large and the heart chambers to be of normal size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: there is diffuse osseous metastatic disease with pathologic rib fractures.
We found that there is a stable sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right upper lobe of the lung. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. The airways are patent. There is mucus impaction in the upper lobe. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta and vessels appear to be normal. Upper Abdomen: There is a small hiatal hernia. There are stable sclerotic lesions in T1 and T10 vertebral bodies. There was a stable lesion at the level of T10 that expanded the foramen and measures 2.1 cm Hounsfield unit 7, likely representing a perineural cyst.
This is an overview of the findings from a series of CT scans of the esophagus of patients with esophageal cancer. The tumour was found to be in the upper lobe of the lung and the tumour has not spread to other parts of the body. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a small number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left lung and a 6 mm groundglass nodule in the right lung. These are not thought to be harmful.
This is an update of a review first done in 2013. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta and pulmonary artery are enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumonia in the lungs or the airways. Many of the lung nodules are likely to be due to impaction of mucus. The thyroid gland has a single large nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size. Thyroid surgery was done on the left thyroid gland in 2013, but the surgery was not of the same size as the surgery on the right thyroid gland, which was performed in 2013 as well. There was no change in the size of the thyroid gland after the surgery. There were no changes in the volume of the lymph nodes or in the number of lymphocytes in the thoracic area. The surgery did not result in any major side effects.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine of patients who have been admitted to the ICU. The thoracoscopy shows that the spine is covered by a thin layer of air that may represent cavitary lung nodules or necrotic pneumonia. There is a large amount of subcutaneous emphysema in the chest wall. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are in the pleural space between the lungs and the trachea. There are several cavitary pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe of the lungs that may be the source of lung cancer. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size. Pulmonary artery is normal size and there are no signs of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: The upper part of the abdomen is unremarkable. No signs of cancer in the bone or in the lymph nodes. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen in the spine of the spine.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. There is a new sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right ventricle of the right lung, which was previously 1.0 cm. Ongoing changes in the upper and middle lobes with subpleural reticulations and a 1.1 cm nodule. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy per size criteria. There are multiple subcentimeter mediastinal and axillary lymph nodes. The thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. The main pulmonary artery appears to be large, which can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable with subcentimeters of retroperitoneal lymph nodes and an os acromiale on the right. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The CT scan shows that there is no evidence of lung collapse or pleural effusion, nor is there any evidence of pulmonary embolism or pulmonary edema. However, there is evidence of coronary artery calcifications in the lower lobe of the heart and a hiatal hernia in the pelvis. No thoracic lymphadenopathy has been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane review of the liver and other parts of the body from the chest to the abdomen. There is a 1.0 cm right paratracheal lymph node in the right ventricle of the neck, which is not known to be a cancer. The heart size is large and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The liver shows a contour contour and an enlargement of the caudate lobe. There are scattered sclerotic lesions in the visualized osseous structures, which may be due to the spread of metastases from the tumour to the lungs.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of patients who have had a thoracoscopy of the lungs or airways to look for signs of cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the stents in the heart and the vessels of the stent are found. There is no evidence of adenopathy (scarring or loss of blood flow to the lungs) of the heart or of the vessels. There are no signs of lymph nodes in the neck or the back of the neck. Upper Abdomen: No evidence of cancer in the diaphragm area of the lower lobe of the pelvis. However, there is evidence of calcified pleural plaques in the left pleural cavity and a small number of small nodules in the right pleural cavities.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of lung or airway obstruction or pleural effusion in any of the lungs or airways of the lung. There is some concern about the presence of lung nodules measuring up to 2.5 cm in size, most of which are of concern for test disease. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are not large or of high size. Upper Abdomen: Large partially right renal mass is partially imaged. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracoid bone) was found. The thyroid is not seen.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the abdomen and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is apical lung scarring. A cyst is seen in the right lobe of the right lung. There is centrilobular emphysema (scarring at the top of the lungs). There is large airways disease. No new or enlarging nodules are seen. No pleural effusions were found. Heart and Vessels: There was a right-sided Port-A-Cath with the distal tip in the distall SVC. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. There are some coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion was found. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the pelvis. However, there is a stable hemangioma in the vertebral body of T8.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, airways, heart and vessels of the aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a spiculated lesion in the lower lobe of the left lung measuring up to 0.8 cm in size. There is some lingular atelectasis. No pleural effusion. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are no lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers are normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion (hole in the heart) nor is there any evidence of narrowing of the vessels. The airways are patent. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Spine and Spine: The spine appears to have a new lesion on the right side of the spine measuring 1.1 cm, but there are other lesions in other sites. It is not clear whether these are new or not, but a few of these lesions are.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Lung and airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria.
This is an overview of the results of CT scans of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: A right chest port distal tip terminates in the distal SVC. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. There are coronary calcifications of LAD. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm in size and can be seen in pulmonary arterial high blood pressure. There is stable subcentimeter hypodensities in the left thyroid gland. Upper Abdomen: There is a likely hemangioma in the T3 and T8 vertebras of the T8 neck vertebrae that is causing mild stenosis of the central canal. This may be due to the age of the tumour and is not thought to be related to meningioma. The left atrium of the left lung is enlarged.
This is a summary of the findings from the CT of the chest and heart of patients who have had a mastectomy for breast cancer. Breast cancer was not found to have spread to other parts of the body. No new or enlarging nodules or lymph nodes were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found in the lungs or airways. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the neck or thoracic adenopathies. The heart was normal in size and there was no pericardial effusion. Cholelithiasis was not seen in the breast or the pelvis.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mildly thickened bronchial wall (bronchial plexus) is a sign of thickening of the lung wall. Thyroid (thyroid) is normal in size and there is no evidence of adenopathy in the neck or thoracic adenopathies. No changes in the size of the thyroid nodule or in the number of thyroids in the upper lobe or the right breast. No change in the amount of thyroxine in the blood stream or in lymph nodes. The heart is normal and the vessels of the aorta are normal. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Status post right nephrectomy.
This is an update of a CABG and a CT of the chest that was done the same day. There is a small pericardial effusion (fluid in the cavity between the chest wall and the airways) and a 7 cm collection of fluid extending from the inferior and the xyphoid process. Endotracheal tube is in place. No pulmonary embolism was found. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracostomy tube) was noted. The heart and vessels of the heart appear to be normal in size. There are moderate pleural effusions, greater on left. Bibasilar atelectasis is seen.
Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. There is a 1.5 cm ground glass nodule in the superior segment of the left lower lobe of the right lung. This may be a tumour of the bone from which the blood supply to the lungs and airways was not damaged. There are no signs of trauma to the lung wall or airways. No aggressive bone or soft tissue tumours were found. There was no evidence of a need for surgical resection of the chest wall or the airways or of the lungs or airway. There were no other problems with the lungs, airways, or lungs. The aortic valve is normal size and the aorta is of the same size as the rest of the body. Aortic calcifications were found in both chambers of the heart and in the coronary artery. No other problems were found with the heart or the blood vessels. The breast tissue in the right breast appears to have not been affected by the surgery.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 3.2 x 1.5 cm consolidation in the left upper lobe of the lungs that has been there since at least October 2021 MRI of the shoulder but new since May 2021. There are surrounding tree-in-bud opacities in the lungs and lingula. Stable right upper lobe 2.3 cm groundglass nodule and a 5 mm left lower lobe nodule (5.335 cm). There are also scattered stable nodules in both the left and right lungs. Aorta and aortic valve calcifications and/or biopsy clips in both breasts. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta.
This is a review of CT of the lungs/airways/pleura/heart/vessel. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules are seen, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 5 of image 194. Nodules were not definitely seen on prior thick-section CT. There is bibasilar atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Tumour Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pleural swelling. No pericardial effusion. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction (for example right lower lobe 3:299). Mild decrease in right upper lobe consolidation in an area of prior fungal pneumonia. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracoid bone near the entrance of the lungs). Stable left upper lobe (3:62 to 3:74 cm) and other stable nodules (4:65 to 95 cm) are still in the same place as before surgery. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size and has not been affected by surgery or surgery-caused malignancy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of cancer in the thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. Aortic artery calcifications. Coronary artery (coronary veins) are not uncommon. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Bone and soft tissues: No cancerous growths or growths were found in any of the soft parts of the body. There is no evidence of malignancies in the lungs or airways.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new enlarging or pulmonary nodules. Lungs/airways/pleura are still covered by mucous plugging and there is no new evidence of pleural effusion. However, there is evidence of atelectasis in the trachea and there are signs of mucous plugs in the lung wall. There is no evidence of any new pleural or pleural enlargement. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement appears to be similar to that seen in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia (thyroid cancer). Thyroid tissue is covered in a thin layer of blood and appears normal in size. No new tumours have been found. Heart and Vessels: The chambers of the heart appear to be the same size as before. No pericardial effusion was found. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No evidence of adenopathies in the thoracoskeletal system. No signs of cancer in the lymph nodes.
This is an update of a review first done in 2004. We found that the right lobe of the tracheobronchial tree is still intact and that there are no new nodules. However, there is a 1.3 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule that has been there for at least four years. There is a 2.2 cm subpleural (subpleural is a part of the airway between the lungs and the airways) nodule, which has also been there since at least 2010 and is not thought to be related to surgery. There are no pleural effusion or pleural bleedage. The right lung is stable and the left lung is also stable. No new nodles were found after surgery. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. Pneumobilia may be due to prior surgery. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No thoracic adenopathy was noted in the thoracoskeletal area. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the lymph nodes. There was no evidence of cancer in the thyroid gland.
This is an overview of the findings from CT of the lungs, heart and vessels of the aorta and of the pelvis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a stable 6 mm pulmonary nodule in the left apex of the lung. No pleural effusions. There is minimal atelectasis at the lung bases. The central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Three-vessel coronary artery calcification is seen. The aortic ventricle appears to have a normal course and size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report on CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Slight interval increase in metastatic disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebra body from 0.7 cm to 1.2 cm.
This is a summary of the findings of the Cochrane review. The review found that the tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging nodules have been found in the lungs or airways or pleura. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Aortic valve calcions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. No more or less than 5 mm nodules in any of the sub-5 mm nodles since most remote examination of November 2020. Mild improvement in superimposed groundglass opacities since May 2021. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Atrophic thyroid.
Aortic valve repair: There is a trace left pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion, but there is a right subclavian catheter in the right axilla. Thyroid surgery: No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracostomy tube) or adenitis of the lymph nodes. There is an anemia in the blood pool, but this is not consistent with anemia due to anemia. Heart and Vessels: There was a biatric enlargement of the heart and vessels. No heart or vessel enlargement was found in the aortic valves. Upper Abdomen: An enteric tube terminates in the stomach. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There are mucous secretions in the trachea and pleura.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The review includes information from the medical records of adults who have had coronary artery stents placed in the chest and upper abdomen. The stents were placed in a vein in the celiac artery (the main artery of the heart) and the stents are still in place. There is no evidence of damage to the heart or lungs. However, there is some evidence of calcification in the coronary artery and there is a risk of narrowing of the artery wall. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the lymph nodes. The heart size is normal.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Thyroid and Pancreatic and Parenteral Thyroid Group (THG) Group (TPG) study. The review shows that there is no new evidence of lymphangioleiomyomatosis in the chest or the lungs. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe of the lung, but no new pulmonary nodule has been found. The heart size is normal. Multiple left thyroid nodules are found in the thyroid area, but there are no new tumours. No new tumour has been identified in the pelvis or the neck. The tumour in the lung is still in the same place where it was first found, but this time it is not thought to be as large as the thyroid nodule. There are no changes in the size of the heart or the pericardial effusion or in the pleural effusion. Bone and soft tissue were not found to be affected.
This is a summary of the findings from the Cochrane Thyroid and Pancreatic and Parenteral Thyroid Group (Thyroid) Group (TPG) and Pulmonary and Heart and Vessels (heart and vessels) review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable sub 4-mm nodules, including a 3 mm nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe. No pleural effusion or consolidation. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Subcentimeter nodule on the right lobe of the thyroid gland is stable dating back to at least 2015. Heart and Blood Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No significant coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unchanged left renal cyst with punctate calcification. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a review first done in 2013. No new or enlarging lung or airways nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. However, there were a few foci of mucoid impaction in the bronchial wall (for example in the right lung and the esophageal wall) and there was mild emphysema. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or the airways. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the patients. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal and the aorta is normal. No pericardial effusion was found, nor was there an increase in the number of calcifications in the coronary artery or in the thoracic wall. There were no changes in the size or shape of the lymph nodes or the thyroid.
This is a summary of the findings of the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Lung and Airway and Bone and Tumour Specialist, Ben Gray, from RETHINK, UK. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:159). No new or enlarging nodules have been found since surgery in the upper lobe of the lung. The appearance of the lungs is stable since May 2021. Trace right pleural effusion. Mildly thickened esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. Ascending aorta measures 35 mm. Mild aortic calcifications. Small pericardial fluid. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Hemangioma in T9 vertebral body.
For findings in the neck, please see the separate CT soft tissue neck report dictated by the neuroradiology service. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. Triangular nodule along the left major fissure is likely an intrapulmonary lymph node. There is edema of the left supraclavicular region and left upper anterior chest wall, may be a sequela of venous blockage. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent although evaluation of the internal jugular veins is limited. Upper Abdomen: see report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. No new tumours were found. There was no new evidence of cancer in the brain, lungs or airways. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in number and size. The visualized thyroid is normal.
We found that the tracheostomy tube was placed in the right trachea and that the lungs were not large enough to reach the airways. We found that there was a mild bronchiectasis in the upper lobe of the lungs and that there were some calcified granulomas in the lower lobe. There was no evidence of pleural effusion or narrowing of the pleural airway. The heart and vessels of the heart were not affected. The main pulmonary artery was found to be large, measuring 3.8 cm, which may be seen in the setting of high blood pressure. We did not find any signs of cancer in the thoracic area or the lymph nodes. The thyroid gland was unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart Group's study of the heart and vessels of the aortic and pericardial chambers. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural or pleural effusion. A few new lung fibres have been found in the upper lobe of the lung, for example in the left lung and the right lung. The central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: Left-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Mild coronary calcifications. Stable sclerotic foci in the right fourth and sixth ventricles of the right ventricle and in the rib cage are found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes are stable, for instance a 7 mm para-aortic lymph node (5/202) with an interval enlargement of two distal paraesophageal lymph nodes from a year prior. St stable 1.9 cm exophytic right thyroid nodule dating back to 3/20/2020. New nodular soft tissue densities in the thymic bed are likely to be due to growth of thymus. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of post-surgery imaging of the heart, lungs, airways, and other parts of the body. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There is a small hiatal hernia (hole in the wall of the chest) and there is a right chest wall Chemo-Port, which goes from the heart to the cavoatrial junction. There are mild coronary calcifications. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Again seen are changes to the left upper and middle lobes, with loss of volume loss of the left lung. However, left basilar gas (bronchopneumothorax) is still seen in the lower lobe of the lung. There was an improvement in the right lower lobe groundglass opacities, but there is still mucus plugging in the bronchi of the right lung. Lung and airways: There is no evidence of lymph nodes in the thoracic area or in the lymph nodes of the neck or the hip. There appears to be no change in the size of the lungs or the airways or the pleura. The heart and vessels: The aortic valve is not large, measuring 3.7 cm, and the ascending aorta is ectatic (that is, it does not reach the top of the blood stream). There are no signs of blockage in the coronary artery or the veins. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystoid surgery: There are multiple nonobive renal calculi. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No signs of disease in the soft tissues. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There have been several left axillary stapled stapling operations.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs/airways/pleura of patients who have had a thoracoscopy to look for changes in the structure and size of the lungs, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable post surgery changes. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter (cm) thyroid nodules in the left upper lobe of the lung is still the same size as it was before surgery. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the thoracic aorta, heart and blood vessels, lungs, airways, and lymph nodes. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs, heart, or blood vessels. There are no changes in the size of the breast or the tumour in the right breast post surgery. No new lymph nodes were found after surgery.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Mild bronchiectasis in the lung bases which is likely due to aspiration. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No adenopathy in the thorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Post surgery changes consistent with prior esophagectomy and gastric pull-through. No paraesophageal or gastric nodles. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyrotropium (thyroid nodules) has not been found. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No changes in bone and soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild emphysema and pleural tag. No pleural effusions. Mild bronchial wall thickening. The airways are patent. Thyroid gland: Reported in both the breast and the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild dilatation of the descending aorta to 3.7 cm. Mild aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen and T8 vertebrae: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T9 vertebral bodies. Multilevel vertebral body hemangiomas. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Diffuse mediastinal, bilateral axillary, inter and subpectoral lymphadenopathy: the largest in the right axilla measuring 1.8 cm. The other lymph nodes are not known to be affected.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of patients with thoracoscopy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No more or less enlargement of the pulmonary nodule in the right lung than in the left lung. This nodule is unchanged going back to study from April 2006.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine of patients with thoracoscopy of the lungs, heart, and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas of the heart and vessels occur with age. Thyroid: Thyroid nodules are found in 4% of adults and are usually of subcentimeter size. No adenopathy of the lung or airways or of the pleura. No soft tissue was found in any of the subcentimeters of the thyroid nodules. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Cholelithiasis.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and neck of patients who have had a thoracoscopy to look at changes in the structure and function of the spinal cord and thoracopharyngeal vertebrae. The results show that there are a few calcified granulomas in the lungs, but no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The airways are clear. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta are normal size. No pericardial effusion. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or the airways. There are no signs of cancer in the lymph nodes or in the heart or the vessels.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the effects of thyroid cancer on the lungs, airways, heart, and blood vessels of the thyroid. Thyroid cancer is a tumour of the thyroids originating in the thyroid gland and spread to the other parts of the body. It is thought to be caused by the growth of lymph nodes in the lungs and the airways. The thyroid is a small gland in the neck of the neck that drains the blood from the body and causes a thickening of the pleura (thoracic margin of the lungs). Thyroid disease is a disease of the blood cells that can lead to cancerous growths in the lung and the blood stream and can be a cause of chronic pleural effusion in the right lung and basilar septal thickening in the left lung. There is no evidence that this is caused by cancer of the lymph nodes.
We found that the tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is a mild thickening of the bronchial wall in the right lung, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The aortic aneurysm measuring 4.5 cm is noted, which is the same as it was in 2019. There are severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The pulmonary artery is large and shows signs of enlargement. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There was no evidence of pleural edema or pleural oedema. There were no signs of cancer or lymph nodes in any of the lymph nodes. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any lymph nodes or in the thyroid. The visualized thyroid is normal. The examination of the liver revealed hypodensities in the liver, one of which now shows punctate calcifications, new from a prior chest X-ray. Bone and Soft Tissues: No new bone or soft tissues were found. The X-rays did not show any changes in the bone structure or the soft tissues. Heart and Vessels: The heart was not affected by narrowing or narrowing of the vessels.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. There is no new evidence of periosteophyte fibrosis or pleural effusion. The lung and airways appear to be intact. The heart appears to be normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications and a small hernia in the chest. The airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no evidence of thoracic adenopathy (scarring in the thoracoskeletal area of the back of the neck). There is a small hiatal hernia.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine after surgery to open up the lungs and airways and to the heart and blood vessels. Changes in the lungs/airways/pleura are stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found after surgery compared to the prior surgery. There is no evidence of a change in the size of the right lung or airways or of the heart or blood vessel. The right lung is still full of fluid and the right pleural space is the same size as it was when the first surgery was done. There are no new lung nodules along the right bronchial stump. No pneumothorax (collapsed lung) was found. The airways are clear and the heart is still normal size. There was no change in size of either the coronary artery or the aorta. The thyroid gland did not show any signs of cancer after surgery. No changes were found in the bone structure or in the soft tissues below the diaphragm.
We found that the lungs and airways appear to be in good shape. There is no cavitation. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal and the aortic valve is of the same size and shape as the rest of the body. There are no signs of trauma to the lungs or airways, but there is a possibility that there may be a hole in the lung wall that may be caused by a blood clot, or that the airways may be inflamed.
We found that there is a large amount of emphysema in both lungs and airways of both lungs. There is a lot of narrowing of the main bronchi (mainstem bronchi) which can be seen in bronchomalacia, which is a lung disease that is caused by high blood pressure. There are also a few small nodles in the upper bronchi, which are likely to be caused by a blockage of the bronchi. However, there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The aorta of the heart is normal in size, but there are three-vessel coronary arterial calcifications noted. The main pulmonary artery is dilated, which means that the blood is pumped out from the lungs through the aortic valve into the heart at the top of the lungs at the time of heart surgery. No signs of adenopathy were found in the thoracic adenopathies. The hernia was not large. There were no signs of trauma to the pelvis or hip bone. There was no evidence that the hernia caused by the gastrostomy tube was caused by an arterial blockage.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Clear lungs. No new signs of lung cancer or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe of the lung was found. No other signs of disease. Heart and Vessels: Question mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricle enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and size. No coronary artery or aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left axillary lymph nodes measure up to 1.0 cm but have a normal fatty hilum suggesting benign etiology. No additional enlarged lymph nodes were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of CT scans of the tracheobronchial tree. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable 5 mm subpleural nodule in the right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No other lung or airway enlargement was noted. The tracheostomy tube is still in place. There is no evidence of a pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great and aortic blood vessels are normal in the short- and long-term. The lymph nodes: Worsening left axillary adenopathy, measuring up to 4.2 cm in diameter, was found on a CT scan of the lymph nodes in the lower lobe of the neck. There was no change in the size of any of the other adenopathies. Thyroid and Tumour: The thyroid is well-preserved and the tumour appears to be confined to the back of the head and neck. Upper Abdomen: Periportal adenitis is noted, better evaluated on abdominal CT dated 10/23/2021. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of lung and airways and heart surgery for patients with ILD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are not affected by pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there are a large number of pleural nodules and lymph nodes in the lower lobe of the lungs. This can be seen as a feature of old age. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic and aortic valve calcifications were found in both chambers of the heart. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased number of subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes with subcarinal nodes measuring up to 13 mm.
This is an update of a review first done in 2004. A new version of this review was done in 2008. The original review was last done in 2012. The new version was added in 2013. The patient is in the ICU at a tertiary hospital in the USA. The surgery was performed on the thoracic aortic valve in the chest. The heart and vessels were examined with a platelet-rich blood stream (PRF) from the right atrium to the right ventricle and back to the abdominal aorta. Aortic dissection was not possible due to the presence of a blood clot in the carotid artery, but a flap was seen in the artery that feeds the blood from the heart to the abdomen. No evidence of lung or airway problems. No signs of adenopathy of the lungs or airways were found. No pericardial effusion was found. There is no evidence of any other problems. The main problem is that the patient is too large to be followed up.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Large pleural effusion in the upper lobe of the trachea. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Right IJ hemodialysis catheters end in the right atrium. Attenuation of the blood pool is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial enlargement.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pleura Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or lung nodules have been found or found in the upper lobe of the lungs. There is improved bronchial impaction at the right lung base. No pleural effusion. However, chronic right pleural thickening has been found. No new pleural nodules were found. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be normal size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the vessels. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the lower lobe or in the lymph nodes. No evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic adenoma was found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of malignancy.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of CT scans of the chest and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is evidence of large airways disease including mild bronchial wall thickening and mild lower lobes of bronchiolectasis (for example 4:313). Mild scarring in the right middle lobe and at the lung bases. Mild of the right hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax. Thyroid and Pancreas: Thyroid is normal in size. No signs of cancer or lymph nodes. No evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways or of bone in the thoracic region. No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pericardial effusion or pleural effusion was found in the chest or the pleura. There was no evidence of pleural swelling or narrowing of the pleural airways. The gallbladder wall thickened and there was evidence of fluid in the esophagus which can be seen in the case of gastroesophageal reflux disease. There were no signs of periarthenitis or periostitis in the lower lobe of the trachea or the larynx. The thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: High numbers of gallstones in the gallbladders and gallstones on the size are probably due to the excretion of contrast from intravenous treatment. Please note that this was not seen on the CT scan of the abdomen/pelvis.
This is an overview of lung and airway surgery to look at the structure and function of the lungs and airways of patients with lung cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of lung cancer in the lungs or airways. However, there are a few pulmonary nodules, most of which were seen on a prior lung CT and are likely to be from lymph nodes in the lung. There are no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and there is no pericardial effusion. The aorta is normal in size. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There is mild atherosclerotic calcification of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Thyroid enlargement was not seen on the initial lung CT. No signs of cancer were found. No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is a summary of the findings from the Cochrane thoracoscopy study of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy of the lungs or airways. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement is not known to be a cause of lung or airway problems. No changes in the number of people with cancer in the neck or in the spine. No new cancer cells were found in the upper lobe of the left lung. The number of heart and blood vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of narrowing of the heart or blood vessels. There is no change in the size or shape of the pulmonary artery or the pleural space. Upper Abdomen: No new bone lesions were found below the level of the diaphragm.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are normal size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy of the thyroid gland. Pulmonary artery is large and of a good size. Upper Abdomen: None of the abdominal organs are abnormal. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airway Group's review of lung and airway surgery for adults with pleural neoplasm. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Similar masslike consolidation opacities in the right upper lobe with associated bronchiectasis. There are a few scattered groundglass nodules in the left lower lobe which appear to have not changed in size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval development of subcentimeter lymphadenopathies, increased in number compared to prior. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis, unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from a randomised, quasi-randomised study of the heart and vessels of the aorta. No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions were noted. Mild coronary calcifications were found in the coronary artery. The airways are patent. The thyroid gland is nodular. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or airways or of the pleura. The aortic valve appears to be of good size and the heart appears to have a normal course. There are no signs of cancer in the heart or the airways.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Airway and Pulmonary Pathology Group's (CHPL Group) Cochrane Laryngoscopy of the Carotid and Pericardial Intravenous Network (PLNT) of the lungs, airways and pleura. The lung and airways appear to be stable. There is mild bibasilar air trapping on expiratory view. No pleural effusion. No thoracic adenopathy was found. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardium effusion was seen. There was no change in the number of pulmonary nodules in the lower lobe of the lung on series 3, image 200. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathies were seen. The airways are patent.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's study of the thoracic spine of adults with thoracoscopy of the lungs and airways. The results show that there is evidence of large airway changes in the lungs including thickening of the wall of the bronchial plexus and an increase in the number of pleural nodules. There is no evidence of a pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta are normal size and there are no signs of pericardial effusion. However, there are some calcifications in the coronary artery and the liver. There are also some abnormalities in the thyroid gland and in the lower lobe of the left lung. The evidence is up to date as of September 2018.
This is an overview of the condition of the patients in the ICU of a hospital in the USA. We found that the endotracheal tube is in the right ventricle of the chest and the other tubes are in the stomach. There is a leak in the esophagus and air is leaking out into the chest wall. No drainable collection or abscess has been noted. There are no signs of necrotizing (deadly) infection. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aortic valve. However, there is evidence of inflammation in the pleural space in the left side of the lung and this may be related to the spread of fluid from the pleurae to the left lung wall. There may be a small hole in the wall of the lungs from which air leaks out, but this is not thought to be a cause for concern. The other tubes in the chest end at the base of the diaphragm and the transesophageal tube terminates in the upper part of the body.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine after surgery to open up the lungs and airways and to the heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is the same size as it was before surgery. Upper Abdomen: Most of the abdominal organs are well-preserved and no new bony lesions were found after surgery. No new lung nodules were found in the upper lobe of the right lung after surgery, which was performed in July 2016. Breast implants are still in place. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No more adenopathies in the lymph nodes. Thyroid enlargement was not found after the surgery. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thyroids or in the thyroid tissue.
A CT of the lungs/airways/Pleura/Lungs was performed on the same day as the chest X-ray. Mild emphysema was found in the upper lobe of the lung. There is a 15 x 13 mm nodule in the medial left upper lobe that was found on the X-rays from prior PET when it was 11 x 8 mm in size. Mild nodularity was noted along the left fissure. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema was found. There was no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are severe atherosclerotic calcifications in the coronary arteries of the heart. The great and small blood vessels are all large and of good size. The lymph nodes were not found to be affected by cancer. There were no tumours of the liver, lungs or airways.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine of patients who have had a thoracoscopy to look at the lungs, airways, heart and blood vessels to see if there are any changes in the structure or size of the lungs or airways or the heart or the blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are normal size. Thyroid and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid or of the lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are of normal size and shape. Pulmonary artery is the same size as the coronary arteries and aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the heart and the artery are found in both the coronary and the aortas. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis is a rare disease of the cholecalciferum and is not thought to be caused by the surgery itself. No new bone lesions have been found in the upper lobe of the lower lobe. The rest of the body is normal size, shape and size.
This is a summary of findings from a Cochrane review of CT of the thoracic spine and lungs/airways/pleura. There were no signs of adenopathy in either lung or airway. There was no evidence of lymph nodes in the neck or in the chest. The neck and airways appear to be unaltered. The thyroid gland appears to be normal. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There is a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta.
Aortic valve calcifications in the aortic arch of the heart. No pericardial effusion. Aortic artery calcification in the main pulmonary artery. No narrowing of the main artery. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Main pulmonary artery measures 35 mm. Heart and Vessels: Heart and vessels: Cardiomegaly with four-chamber enlargement. Large amount of secretions in the trachea. Small, right greater than left pleural effusions with active atelectasis at the lung bases. Mild interlobular septal thickening. Lateral segment right middle lobe consolidation with surrounding groundglass opacities. Scattered areas of linear subsegmental at electasis. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement is not known to be a cause for concern. No evidence of thyroid enlargement in the thyroid area of the neck. Small hernia in the right side of the thyroid. Expectation of post-surgery pneumomodular hernia (pneumothoracicardium) is not yet known. Expected post-surgical lung collapse is still not known. Upper Abdomen: Small amount of upper abdominal ascites. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Recent sternotomy with intact wires in good alignment. No postoperative subcutaneous emphysema.
We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion. There is a 5 mm nodule in the upper lobe of the right lung, which is still the same size as it was when we last examined it, and there are no new pleural or lung nodules in the other lung. There was no change in the size of the pleura or in the number of patients with pulmonary edema. There were no changes in the volume of blood in the lungs or the amount of fluid in the airways. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the coronary artery. There are no calcifications of the aorta or of the heart wall or the mitral valve. The thyroid is well-preserved and the body mass index (kg/m) is not high. We did not find any changes in any of the other parts of the body that we looked at. We found no signs of cancer in the liver, lungs, or the lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and the Heart and Vessels Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large left pleural effusion and a large atelectasis. Thickening of the mediastinal pleura is seen, best on coronal reformats. A stable 6.5 mm nodule is seen on the right major fissure (4/242). A right upper lobe calcified granuloma is seen. The central airways are patent. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. Heart and vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Severe coronary calcifications are seen. Normal course and size of the aorta. A right IJ dialysis catheter terminates in the right atrium. Upper Abdomen: Status post Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.
This is a summary of the findings of a CT of the lungs and airways and of the heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Blood Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in number and size. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of changes in the structure and function of the thoracic spine. Changes in the lungs/airways/pleura/heart/vessel area include changes that may be due to disease of the lungs or the airways or both. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there are signs of large airway changes including thickening of the bronchial wall. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta are normal size and there are no signs of pericardial effusion. The kidneys are normal and there is no change in the size of the blood vessels or the heart. There are no new bone lesions in the spine.
This is an overview of the condition of the heart, lungs, airways and pleura of patients admitted to the ICU. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. There is bronchiectasis throughout the lungs with changes in the upper lobes of the lungs. The airways are patent. There are three types of tubes: endotracheal tubes, venous venous catheters and intracranial tubes. All three tubes are in place. All tubes are connected to the ECMO machine via a vein in the neck of the neck. Two of the tubes are on the left side of the body and one is in the SVC. The tubes are not in place on the right side. The main pulmonary arteries are large and the main pulmonary veins are enlarged. The ascending aorta is 3.5 cm long and the heart is also large. No signs of trauma to the bones or joints of the bones were found in the abdomen.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis, mainly in the right upper lobe of the lung, and subpleural reticulations are seen. No endobronchial lesion or retained secretions were found. No pleural effusion was found. Thyroid: No evidence of adenopathy in the thyroid. The visualized thyroid is normal in size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Aortic calcifications were found in the aorta and coronary artery. There was no change in the size of the heart or the vessels. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable changes in the left breast and left axilla were made in both the breast and the breastbone. No other changes were seen in the other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are new cluster of peribronchial groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe and dependent left upper lobe (4/239). Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema is seen. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. There are mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: A TIPS catheters were seen. The spleen is stably enlarged. There is a remote compression deformity of T6 vertebral body, and a healed sternal fracture. Multiple left-sided ribs remote healed fractures Partially visualized neck bones have been found and are thought to be from the same vertebrae (T6 and T7). There is some evidence of a joint in the back of the neck that has not healed yet. There was no evidence of thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracoid bone) in the neck. There were no signs of trauma to the lungs or airways or the pleura. The liver appears to be stable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothoracic Network (HLAN) study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 1.3 cm subsolid nodule in the upper lobe of the right lung, which is stable in size going back to the study from April 2020, with a 3 mm solid component. There is also a sub-4 mm nodule on the other side of the lung. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the tracheobronchial tree. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 7 mm in size were found. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the results of surgery to open up the esophagus and other parts of the thoracic cavity. The surgery was performed on the right side of the body to remove the esphagus and the lungs and airways of the lower lobe of the pleura. A new pleural effusion was found in the right pleural lobe. This is not thought to be related to the spinal surgery, but may be due to the radiotherapy or prior surgery. The pleura is drained and returned to the pleural cavity by a drain in the spinal canal and drains into the distal esophagostomy cavity. There is no evidence of a pericardial effusion in the aorta of the heart. The heart chambers appear to be normal in size and there is no sign of an obstruction in the vessels. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There was no change in the amount of fluid in the lungs or in the airways. The previous secretions in the left mainstem bronchus have cleared.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and the Heart and Vessels Group. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. However, there are aortopulmonary nodules and lymph nodes in the aortic and circulatory system. There is a small amount of mucus plugging in the pleura (bronchi) of the lungs and a large number of pleural nodules in the lower lobe of the lung. Moderate coronary calcifications have been found in the coronary artery. The blood in the blood pool appears to be low and this may be due to the lack of oxygenation of the blood.
This is an overview of the findings from CT scans of the chest and airways of patients with tracheobronchial tumour of the tracheostomy. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new lung or airway metastasis has been found. However, there is a large subpleural metastasis in the left upper lobe of the left lung and a large sternal metastasis. There are no new pulmonary nodules. No pulmonary edema. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: A stable hypodense nodule is noted at the right cardiophrenic angle. There were no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in number and size. Upper Abdomen and pelvis: There is a stable soft tissue nodule in the region of the confluence of the brachiocephalic and brachial veins and no new osseous metastases. There was a stable or slightly decreased amount of fluid in the right mastopoietic bed after the mastectomy. Large sternal tumour remains in the sternal lymph nodes. No thoracic adenopathy was found. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Thyroid and Pancreatic Tumour and Pancreas (CT) study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways appear to be normal. No pleural effusion. There are some calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the lung (right lung) and there are some blebs in the right mainstem bronchus. There is no thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Thyroid gland: No adenopathies or adenomies were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There was no evidence of pericardial effusion or calcification of the vessels. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT of the upper abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. There were no signs of cancer or other malignancies. No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysema is seen. No pleural effusions. There is a small left Bochdalek hernia and adjacent atelectasis. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are stable hepatic cysts, measuring up to 2.8 cm in the left hepatic lobe, in the liver. No thoracic adenopathy was found. S-shaped scoliosis is seen in the right breast and there is a round density in the breast tissue. The aorta and aortic valve appear to have a normal course and size. Upper Abdomen: There are a few stable hepatocellular cysts in the upper abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an update of a review of lung and airways and pleura biopsies that was done in 2007. The results show that there are signs of large airway disease in the lungs and that the wall of the bronchial plexus is thickening. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The heart is normal in size and the aorta is of the same size as the rest of the body. There are no signs of cancer of the lungs or of the pleura.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Thyroid: Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter (cm) thyroid nodules in the right lung is stable. There is no evidence of adenopathy (scarring of the neck) or adenomyopathy (worsening of the bones) in the neck or thoracopharyngeal area. No changes in the size or shape of the aortic veins or the heart or of the heart and vessels. Upper Abdomen: Most of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings of a CT of the lungs and airways of the heart and blood vessels. The heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in number and size. No evidence of pleural or lung edema. Thyroid and Tumour: No new tumours were found. The thyroid appears to be normal. There was no change in the size of the thyroid or the mass that was seen on the X-ray. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There were no new signs of lung or airway enlargement or narrowing. The lungs appear to be healthy. The airways are clear and the pleural space is clear. Upper Abdomen and pelvis: Please see the CT report for the same day of surgery for surgery on the same side of the body. Bone scan of the sternum showed that the bone was healed from the previous surgery. No new lesions were found on the bone.
This is a summary of CT of the heart, lungs and airways of patients with acute myocardial infarction. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there is a 3 mm nodule in the left lung at the top of the lung and 4 mm in the right lung base, which may have been seen on a prior CT, but may have not been seen clearly on the first CT. There are no other signs of lung or airway problems. The aorta is aneurysmal, measuring up to 4.4 cm in size, and the pulmonary artery is normal in size. The thyroid is well-preserved and the body mass index (kg/m) is low. There was no change in the size of the aortic valve or the pericardial effusion, but there are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. There were no changes in the length of time that the patient was in hospital, nor in the number of days on the ventricles or in the diaphragm.
This is a summary of the findings of the Cochrane Lungs/Airways/Pleura review. Lungs and Airways: No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable 5 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (4:97) and 8 mm right lower lobe 8 mm nodule with 3 mm solid part of a mediastinal window. Both nodules are stable. No other new or large nodules have been found. The tracheobronchial tree of the tracheostomy is still in place and is covered by a thin layer of secretions from the lungs to the airways. The lymph nodes are stable and no new or enlarged nodules were found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia. Melanoma of the right paratracheal lymph node is stable. Bone and soft tissues: No more or less than one of the two types of bone lesions. No more than one type of bone lesion was found.
This is an update of a study from May 2017. The results show that there is an increase in honeycombing in the lower lobe of the lung and that the heart and vessels of the heart are again enlarged. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or narrowing of the airways. A thick-walled cavitary lesion has been found in the trachea of the right lung and is thought to be related to fibrotic lung disease. The main pulmonary artery is large and the ascending aorta is also large. No heart or blood vessel calcifications were found. The thyroid gland is not seen to be inflamed. The esophagus is covered in a thin layer of fluid and there is a subcentimeter-sized hypodensity in the hepatic dome. A small amount of fluid is seen on the fissures in the esophageal wall. The heart and blood vessels appear to be large and there are no signs of heart disease in the blood vessels. The airways are patent.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Thyroid and Pancreatic Tumour Group. Thyroid surgery to remove the mass from the left lower lobe of the thyrotropium (thyroid) and resection of the right thyroid (thyroids) was performed in 2013. The thyroid was found to be stable, but the size of the tumour has increased in size and is now 1.5 cm, previously up to 1.0 cm (4:133). There is no evidence that there is a solid component on mediastinal windows on the thyroids. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There are no new tumours or growths on the thyroid. The tumour is stable in both breasts and the thyroid is not spreading to other parts of the body. Heart and Vessels: Dense aortic calcifications. No pericardial effusion. The right atrium and right ventricle leads to the heart and the right pulmonary embolism. No new tumour or growth has been found since surgery to replace the valve in the right atria and the ascending aorta.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pleural oedema. Scarring in the lower lobe of the right lung. No new or enlarging lymph nodes or lymph nodes. Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement. Aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcifications. Hepatic hypodensities too small to assess. Liver and Pancreas: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hernia in the left atrial chamber of the aortic ventricle. No more than one hernia is known to be caused by this type of hernia. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Hepatitis C is not known to cause this complication. No other complications were found. Bone and Soft Tissues: No new bone or soft tissues lesions. No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that there is a persistent 4.9 x 3.0 x 6.0 cm mass in the lower lobe of the lung which is likely to be the same size when the next study is done in 2021. There is a small, but not very large, mass which abuts the esophagus. There are changes in the lungs and airways which are consistent with pleural thickening. No pleural effusion was noted. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the artery which carries blood from the lungs to the heart. The airways appear to be patent. There was no change in the size of the lymph nodes in the upper body. No evidence of tumour of the lungs or the airways or of the heart was found. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pleura Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 6 mm irregular solid nodule in the left lower lobe of the left lung (5:440). No new or enlarging nodules have been found. No pleural effusion. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is no new or worsening of the tracheostomy site or tracheotomy site. No pericardial effusion, nor is there evidence of pleural or thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea. No pleural effusion or pleura. Stable 5 mm right middle lobe nodule (4: 3:15). Stable right lower lobe micronodule 4: 4:381. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Increased subpleural reticulations are seen in the left lower lobe and lingula. Thin-walled cyst in the right upper lobe. Scattered clusters of small airways densities, probably due to airways disease, are noted. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Subcarinal node measures 1.2 cm, stable since 2019. Small hiatus hernia.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. An 8 mm nodule is noted in the lingula (3:257). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial and left ventricle enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and size. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral annular calcifications. Clavicles &amp; Scapulae: Clavicle is not imaged in their entirety on cross-sectional images but no fracture is seen on the scout images. Rib Cage &amp, Sternum: No acute osseous injury. Thoracic Spine: No fracture of the rib cage or the sternum. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Bone and soft tissues: Bilateral breast calcions. Biopsy clip in the left breast.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax/Pleura Group. Lungs/Airways: Enlarging, now 5 mm, subpleural right lower lobe nodule (5:274). This nodule was previously punctate/nearly imperceptible on April 2021 exam (previous exam 5:247). Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening (bronchiectasis) consistent with airways disease. No pleural effusion or pleura effusion. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thorax) or pericardial effusion (hole in the wall of the lung) has been found. Stable 1.1 cm right and left upper lobe groundglass nodules (5.144 and 5.126). Stable 7 mm right upper lobe and 4 mm left lower lobe ground glass nodules. Other stable micronodules (for example 5:159,160,256). Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Dense mitral annular calcification. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Small hernia. Paraesophageal varices.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid tissue in the anterior mediastinum appears to be of variable size and shape. No lymph nodes or adenopathies in the thoracoskeletal area. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Thyroids: No evidence of adenophageal cancer was found in any of the three thyroids. The thyroid may be in the right or left lobe of the trachea or the lower lobe, or both, and is not known to be a lymph node.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered areas of mucus plugging for example in the anterior right upper lobe bronchus. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pleural or pericardial effusion. No new or enlarging lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta is 34 mm long and the aortic ventricle is 20 cm wide. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T8 compression deformity. Stable soft tissue nodule in the chest wall (3:417).
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane review of the thoracoscopy of the heart, lungs and airways of patients with thoracic adenopathy. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion. However, there are some calcifications in the heart and aortic valvular calcifications, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. There is a small hiatal hernia in the right atrium of the atria. There are no signs of lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the neck or in the mediastinum or the lymph nodes around the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is missing from the neck of the neck. The main pulmonary artery is long and narrow, with a diameter of 3.4 cm. The airways are patent. The right atrioventricular vein (the main artery of the lungs) is long, narrow and narrow. The left atrium is wide and narrow with a length of 2.8 cm.
This is an update of the original review from April 2021. The original review showed that the right breast mass now measures up to 2.5 x 2.0 cm. The right lung mass is stable and the right subpleural reticulations and bronchiectasis in the right upper lobe and right middle lobe of the right lung are not clearly seen and may have resolved. There is no evidence of thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracoskeletal system) in either lung. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The aortic valve of the aorta is calcified and the left vertebral artery comes from the arch of the vertebrae. The left subpectoral lymph nodes are still too small to be seen.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine after lung and airway surgery. Changes in the lungs/airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Signs of airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas of the heart and heart vessels are found in both the coronary artery and the main artery of the blood supply to the heart. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone and soft tissues. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the lower lobe of the neck after lung surgery. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the neck or in the lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endobronchial 3 mm nodule in the proximal right middle lobe of the bronchus. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Mild biapical scarring. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size and appears to be in the same place as the other parts of the body. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and well-preserved. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the results from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax/Pleura Group. Lungs/Airways Disease: Thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchial plexus) and narrowing of the airways (pleura) is consistent with airways disease. No pleural effusion or pleural abscess. No new or enlarging lung or airways nodules or lymph nodes have been found. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the three thyrotropium nodules. No evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta: Coronary artery and aortic calcifications.
This is an overview of the results of the most up-to-date, best-known study of this type of surgery. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Numerous sub-4 mm lung nodules were found. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. The airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathies were found by CT. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not found in any of the lymph nodes. The thyroid is enlarged, similar to that found after breast cancer surgery. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are dictated separately. Sclerotic metastasis in the thoracics spine appears similar distribution.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's study of the thoracic spine of patients with thoracoscopy of the lungs and airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary and aortic veins are found in the heart and vessels. Thyroid (thyroid gland) and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No more or fewer thyroid nodules in the lower lobe of the lung than in the other parts of the body. Nodular thyroid with a subcentimeter thyroid nodule in the right lower lobe is still the same as it was in the previous studies. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes are seen throughout the spine.
This is an update of a study that was done in 2007 and found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no evidence that the aortic valve has changed in size or shape. The aorta measures up to 4.2 cm in the axial plane and there is no change in the size of the heart or the heart valve in the coronary artery. There are also no changes in calcified calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. The largest of these is a simple cyst in the left kidney. The thyroid is still normal. The heart and blood vessels are the same size as they were in the prior study. No pericardial effusion has been found. No changes have been found in the number of people who have had their heart or blood vessel size reduced by surgery.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original version was last updated in 2010. The new version is up-to-date as of February 2015. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree (tracheotomy to open up the trachea and airways) is patent. There is some evidence of bronchiectasis and scarring associated to the right upper apical (bronchoid) wall of the bronchus. There are no signs of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications can be seen in both the main and aortic veins. The blood in the blood pool is less than the myocardium, which is a sign of anemia. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial and probably left ventricle enlargement. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. The main pulmonary artery is dilated (32 mm) which can be shown with pulmonary hypertension. Severe calcifications in the aortics of the heart and the coronary artery can be observed. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Thyroid and Spine: Thyroid enlargement is not seen in all cases, but is thought to be due to over-growth of the thyroid cells. No evidence of periartical enlargement or narrowing of the pleural space. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes measuring up to 1 cm, probably on the size of the lymph nodes, can be noted on the basis of congestion. Small hiatus hernia. Osseous and soft tissues: Multilevel changes of the spine. Body wall edema.
Aorta and aortic valves are filled with blood clots. Heart is normal in size. Severe three-vessel coronary arterial calcifications are found in the aorta. There is a trace pericardial effusion. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a punctate splenic calcification that is nonspecific and a left renal cyst. There are no bowel obstruction, ascites, or lymphadenopathy. The pelvis and pelvis appear to be stable but the pelvic ring and femurs may not be stable enough to be tested for fracture due to lack of movement in the pelvis. No hematoma was found. There was a 1.2 cm density in the right lower lobe that is lobulated on the coronal plane and could possibly communicate with an airway, suggestive of mucoid impaction. No airway was found to be blocked or blocked in the lower lobes.
This is an overview of the post-pneumonectomies of patients who have had lung surgery to remove the airways of the lungs from the lungs. The lungs are filled with fluid and there is a small amount of air in the pleural space, which could be a sign that the lungs have been cleared of air after the surgery. However, there is also a chance that this may be due to the patient's habitus (e.g. the way the lungs sit in the thoracic chamber) or the fact that the lung is too narrow for this to be the cause. There is a thin line of air between the lungs and the pleura (a thin tube that leads to the lungs). This may be caused by a narrowing of the airway, but there is no evidence of a rupture of the lung wall that would cause a lung to open up and allow air to flow back into the lung. There are no signs of infection or obstruction of the bowel. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable, except for a few scattered hepatic hypodensities that are too large to be sure of and left renal cortical scarring. A right upper lobe apical 12 mm groundglass nodule new from prior (series 5, image 178) and a right lower lobe segmental bronchi (bronchial tube) impaction, which may be from an infectious or inflammatory etiology. No left pleura scarring was noted. Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the mid-trachea of the size of 13 mm. Noted old bilateral rib fracture deformities. No aggressive osseous lesion. An enteric tube is seen in the gastric body. No bowel obstruction. There was no lymphadenopathy, ascites, or free intraperitoneal air. A Foley catheter is seen within the bladder lumen. Bladder wall thickening is noted. No signs of cystitis. No right pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The results show that volume loss in the left lower lobe of the trachea (tracheostomy tube) appears to have improved. There is a subsegmental atelectasis involving the inferior left lingula. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. However, there is still a large hole in the airway between the lungs and airway of the lungs. There are no signs of pericardial effusion. The spine of the thoracic vertebrae appears unchanged. No signs of adenopathy of the neck or of the head and neck of the spine. There was no change in the height of several vertebraes in the back of the back.
This is an overview of the condition of patients who have been admitted to the ICU of a tertiary hospital in the USA. All patients have had chest surgery to open up the airways (pulmonary parenchyma) and chest tubes and a drain have been placed into the chest. There is no pleural effusion in the left lung. There appears to be some thickening of the airway wall in the lower lobe of the lung, with air bronchogram results indicating that this may be due to a build-up of fluid in the lung. The heart size is large and heart rate is high. There are no signs of trauma to the bones or soft tissue.
This is an overview of the condition of patients who have been admitted to the ICU following heart surgery or cholecystoscopy for heart or lung surgery. We found that there is some soft tissue emphysema in the upper lobe of the left lung and in the right lung. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or narrowing of the pleural airways. The heart size is normal. The spleen is large, measuring 15.3 cm in length, and the patient is noted to be in a stable condition after surgery to the spleen.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The patient is noted to be in a stable condition post wedge resection in the left lower lobe. There is no new lung or airway nodule. There are no new pulmonary nodules in the right lung. The central airways are patent. The heart size is normal. No new pleural or pericardial effusion has been found. A right hepatic lobe cyst is found in the upper abdomen. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified.
We found that the heart, lungs, airways, and airways of the lungs are all normal in size. There is a small amount of blood in the blood vessels of the heart and there is some evidence of heart disease in the coronary arteries. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary artery walls. The heart has a left-side aortic arch and a right-side arch. The trachea is midline and patent. Lungs/airways/pleura: There are a few pulmonary nodules in the right lung and the left lung. Mild atelectasis is likely to be due to the presence of a blood clot in the lungs. No pulmonary consolidation was found. No pleural effusions were found, but there is apical pleural scarring. Heart and blood vessels: The heart is large and healthy. The blood supply to the heart is from the lungs to the lungs and from the heart to the sternum. The aorta drains blood from the chest to the pelvis and the rest of the body. Aortic arteries, renal arteries, the celiac axis, and iliac arteries are patent. Bone and soft tissues: There is evidence of a sclerotic focus in the posterior right eighth rib on image 327, series 5, measuring 1268 Hounsfield units, likely a bone island. No suspicious lytic or blastic osseous lesion. Pancreas: Fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma has been found in the pancreas. Adrenal glands: The left adrenal gland is nodular. The regional gland is normal.. Kidneys: Multiple left renal cysts measuring up to 8.9 cm are found in both in the liver and the caudate lobe of the left kidney. No hydroureteronephrosis or nephrolithiasis. Gastroesophageal cancer is not known to be a cause of this type of cancer. Gallbladder and gallbladder: No evidence of gallstones or gallstones were found. Bowel: Limited evaluation of the stomach was possible due to an underdistention and a streak of scarring from surgical clips in the region of the gastric junction. However, there is a thinning of the gut wall and no evidence of bowel blockage. The appendix is normal. Thyroid gland: Thyroid cancer is a rare and rare disease and is not thought to be caused by a blockage of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is in the middle of the neck and has not been found to be affected by the heart or lungs. Lymph nodes: Prominent 0.6 cm periportal lymph nodes in the left mesenteric region in the mesentrum of the chest are in the upper arm and are thought to represent an early Schmorl's node, a type of lymph node. No lymph node has been identified in the lower arm. No other lymph nodes have been seen in the other parts of the thoracic region or the lungs or the airways or the bile ducts. The lymph nodes may be in the same area as the lymph nodes, but the evidence is not clear. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date review of chest and upper abdomen surgery in adults with acute myocardial infarction. Chest: There are peribronchovascular groundglass airspace opacities in the right lower lobe of the chest. There is no increased reticulation or damage to the structure of the lungs. No evidence of bronchiectasis or pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. Upper abdomen: There is a left perinephric hematoma (blood in the blood stream) in the upper abdomen. The blood pool is too large for blood to flow freely, and there is a known anemia. There are no signs of trauma to the bone or soft tissue. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Pneumothoracic Respirator's Group (LRRG) study. The results show that there is an increase in the amount of air in the lower lobe of the lungs and a decrease in the number of patients with bronchodilators in the upper lobe. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or narrowing of the pleural airways. The heart size is large and the pericardial effusion has not been found. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the chest or the pelvis. The bone and soft tissue surrounding the heart and pelvis appear to be healthy.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. The review shows that there is an increase in right supraclavicular adenopathy, which can be seen from the neck, with new mass on the right thyroid lobe. However, there is a decrease in superior mediastinal adenitis, which has not been seen in the neck before. There is a reexpansion of the left brachiocephalic vein, but the confluence of the vein and SVC remains, although the SVC is severely narrowed. Other mediastal adenopathies have also decreased, as shown by a 1.5 cm pretracheal node, which was previously at least 2.4 cm in size. The heart size is normal. A small pericardial effusion is found, but no new mass has been found. No new mass was found on the thyroid lobe of the neck. The neck mass has decreased, but there is still a new mass in the right thyro-thyroid lobe, which is at least twice the size of the original mass. The left thyrotropium node has increased in size, and the left axillary lymph nodes have decreased. The bone and soft tissues of the lower neck have not been found to be changed in any major way. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Parenteral Respirator's Group (LRRG) study. The heart size is normal. A 3 mm subpleural nodule in the right ventricle of the right lung has not changed in size or shape since 2014 and is thought to be benign. There is no pleural effusion. The aneurysm measuring 4.4 cm in size is of the ascending thoracic aorta at the level of right main pulmonary artery, which was previously 4.2 cm. No new pulmonary nodule has been found since 2014. Bone and soft tissue were found to be of good size and healthy. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy in any of the lymph nodes. There were no fractures in the rib cage or other soft tissues. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
Aorta and Heart: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas.
This is an overview of the results from the most up-to-date study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A 3 mm left apical nodule is unchanged (4/69). A sub-4 mm nodule in the lower lobe of the left lung is stable. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. The lungs are stable. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No mediastinal, hilar, or axillary adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Right-sided chest port with catheters tip in the SVC. No changes in the size or shape of the lungs or airways. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathies of the adenocarcinoma (scarring of the neck) or of the lymph nodes. Normal thyroid. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen X-ray showed no changes in bone in the diaphragm area.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Lungs/Airways/Pleura/Thyroid/Oesophagus/Abdomen/Lungs/Tumour Area. Lungs: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal size and volume. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No cancerous growths.
This study shows that a sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung is stable and there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Other lung nodules in the lower lobe appear to be stable as well.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine that have been seen after surgery to treat patients with thoracoscopy of the neck and thoracopharyngeal cancer. The spine is a thin layer of bone and cartilage between the lungs and the airways, and the heart and blood vessels. Changes in the spine are due to the age of the spine and are not thought to be related to the cancer but may be due to age-related degenerative changes. There is no new or enlarging lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lungs. The airways are clear. The heart is normal size and the aorta is of the same size as the rest of the body. However, there are a few calcified calcifications in the coronary artery and the main artery of the heart. No new or large pleural nodules have been found in the lungs or airways. No pleural effusion was found in either lung or airway. There was no change in the amount of fluid in the pleural space between the lung and airways or in the number of patients who had a pneumothorax (hole in the lung wall) after surgery. There were no changes to the size of the thyroid gland or the lymph nodes.
This is a summary of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Vessels and Upper Abdomen study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph Nodes: No more or less enlarging of lung nodules than in the past. No new pleural nodules have been found in the lower lobe of the heart or in the airways. Normal thyroid. Heart and Blood Vessels: The heart and blood vessels appear to be the same size as they were in the original study. No changes in the size or shape of the aortic valve or of the pulmonary artery. No more than one or two new or less than one new or more lung nodles have been identified in the last five years. No other new or worse forms of lung cancer have been seen in the same area of the body. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted in the upper body.
A 5 mm right upper lobe lung nodule was found in the upper lobe of the lung. There were no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The tumour appears to be confined to the diaphragm area.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2004. The review shows that there is a marked improvement in the number of new and enlarging pulmonary nodules and pleural effusions in the lungs and airways, but not in the heart or vessels. There is no change in the size or shape of the heart and vessels. However, there is worsening of the mass on the left main pulmonary artery, which has not yet been drained of blood, and there is an increase in the volume of blood in the mainstem bronchi, which is greater on left than on the right. There are no new pleural or pericardial effusions. The esophagus is patulous. The central airways are patent.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of patients with thoracoscopy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Platelike atelectasis in the lung bases. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lung adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the stents. Upper Abdomen: Upper parts of the body are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine of patients with thoracoscopy of the lungs, heart, and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter-sized thyroid nodules is found in the neck and is thought to be caused by an overgrowth of the thyrotropium (thyroid cells) in the area just above the collarbone. There is a right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the right atrium.
This is an overview of the findings from a chest X-ray of the aortic valve of the heart. The heart valve is the valve that carries blood from the lungs to the heart and is the source of the blood supply to the lungs. This is the area where blood is pumped from the heart to the rest of the body. Aortic valves are the valves that carry blood around the body and are the cause of heart attack and stroke. The angioplasty showed that there is a lot of blood in these valves. There was no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there was a large amount of calcified blood in the valves and there was some evidence of thickening of the myocardium and apical aneurysm.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is bibasilar consolidations and reticular markings. Scarring/atelectasis is seen in the right lung and in the upper lobe of the lung. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring in the thoracoskeletal area of the thorax) was found. There is a small pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears enlarged. The distal esophagus is fluid-filled, the mid and upper esophageal wall is collapsed and there is a possibility of mild growth of a tumour on the esophagium. Thyroid tumour: There are several subcentimeter left thyrotropium nodules in the neck of the neck. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body. No other tumours were found. Gastric banding: The gastric band is still in place and stable. Upper Abdomen: The upper abdomen is filled with fluid. No new tumours have been found since the band was put on. No further surgery is planned. Bone and soft tissues: No new bone lesions have been identified.
We found that the heart and blood vessels are normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. However, there is a moderate risk of coronary artery atherosclerosis. The heart appears to have a normal course and there are mild changes in the size and shape of the coronary artery. The lungs are normal and the airways are patent. The kidneys are shrunken and atrophied. There is stable dextroscoliosis in the lower half of the body. The right adrenal calcification is likely from a long-term inflammatory or hemorrhage process.
This is an overview of the operation to remove the lungs and heart of patients with COVID pneumonia. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Tracheostomy in place. Extensive changes of COVID lung and airways have been made. There is a moderate-sized right hydropneumothorax (bronchial dilatation). The fluid component has decreased since prior. The right-sided chest tube terminates in the right apex just inside the pleural space. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Upper tube ends in the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Mild aortic calcifications. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. No new or enlarging nodules have been found outside the radiation field. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. The aorta of the aortus is 37 mm long. Upper Abdomen: Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body.
This is an overview of the findings from this review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No serious bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Eccles CT (CT) of patients with emphysema due to pleural effusion of the lungs. Mild lung cancer was found in the lower lobe of the right lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy (lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body) or lymphadenitis (inflammation of the lymph nodes) of the pleural cavity. However, there is a 1.3 cm irregular nodule in the right upper lobe has increased, from 1.1 cm to 1.2 cm, and the tumour has not spread to any other part of the lung. No other new lesions have been found.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No changes in lung size or volume. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of narrowing of the blood stream. There are no signs of adenopathy (scarring of the lungs or airways) or cancer of the lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen: No signs of cancer or malignancy of the bone in the upper body. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the lower body. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal and there are no changes in the size or shape of the thyroid or the mass in the back of the neck.
This review shows that the heart is enlarged and there is a risk of coronary artery calcification in both the left and the right coronary artery. There is an increased risk of lymphadenopathy in the left artery and lymphadenitis in the right artery as well as in the pericardium.
This is an overview of changes in heart and blood vessels, lungs, and airways of the thoracic spine after thoracoscopy for people who have had a heart or blood vessel surgery for any cause. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and the aorta of the lungs is normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been found. The airways are stable. There is no evidence of a narrowing of the airways or of the pleura. There are no signs of adenopathy of the lymph nodes or of thyroid nodules in the neck or the back of the neck. Upper Abdomen: The upper part of the abdominal organs are well-preserved and there is no sign of disease in the bones or in the soft tissues.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. There are no new findings. There is no new evidence of lung or airway disease, but there is some evidence of pleural effusion in the upper lobe of the left lung, which may be due to a narrowing of the airways. There has been no change in the size of the pleura or pericardial effusion, and there is no evidence of heart or blood vessel enlargement. There have been no changes in the number of people who have died from heart disease or stroke in the last 10 years.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine of patients who have had a thoracoscopy to look at the lungs, airways, heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the main artery of the heart. No new pleural nodules have been found since surgery in the upper lobe of the lung. No more than one new lung nodule has been found in the lower lobe since surgery on the lungs and airways more than a decade ago. There is no new evidence of adenopathy in the lungs or airways. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the thyroid after surgery. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone and soft tissues were found below the level of the diaphragm. There was no evidence of any new bone or soft tissues growth after surgery, but there were some changes in the heart and vessels.
This review shows that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the right lung. There is some evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchial plexus) and mild emphysema, but no signs of lung cancer.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild bronchial wall thickening and bronchiectasis (thrombophlebitis) in the lower lobe of the trachea (bronchiolitis) consistent with airways disease. Upper lobe with emphysema. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricle enlargement. Extensive coronary artery calcifications. LAD and LCx stents stents. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Aortic ossifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Mild esophageal wall thickness which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Large hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesion. No other problems were found.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body after esophagectomy and gastric pull-through. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a large azygos fissure in the lung. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels of the heart are normal size and there is no evidence of narrowing of the aorta. There is no change in the size or shape of the lymph nodes. There are no new adenopathies in the soft tissue to the left of the gastric conduit. No changes in the number or size of the thyroids or lymph nodes in the neck or in the back of the neck. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement is not reported in any of the studies. The thyroid is normal. Upper Abdomen: No changes have been seen in the structure of the diaphragm or the bone around it. Stable post-surgery changes have not been seen after the surgery.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent chest X-ray of the diaphragm area of the lungs. There is no evidence of a lung tumour or pleural effusion, but there is an increased risk of paraortic/paravertebral lymphadenopathy in the right paraaortic lobe of the lung. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are seen. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is a summary of a CT scan of the diaphragm area of the lower lobe of the lung from which blood flow to the lungs is thought to be normal. There is no evidence of a lung cancer, but there is a small pleural effusion in the left lung. The heart is large and there is some evidence of metastasis to the other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date randomised, double-blind, multi-centre, multicentre study of patients with acute myocardial infarction of the heart and blood vessels of the thoracic aorta and aortic valve. All patients had at least one lung and one airway. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary artery and the main artery of the blood supply to the heart are found in both the coronary and main veins. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the heart or the blood vessels. Thyroid: No signs of cancer in the thyroids or in the lymph nodes. No evidence of cancer of the lungs or the airways or the pleura or of the myocardium. There are no signs of disease in the liver or the lungs of the aortus or the thyroid.
This review of the thoracic spine shows that there are changes in the structure and function of the lungs, airways, and other parts of the body that may be due to the age of the spine. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there are signs of large airway changes including mild bronchiectasis, diffuse bronchial wall thickening, and multiple foci of mucoid impaction.
This review found no evidence of a lung tumour or pleural effusion. Fat necrosis has been noted in the anterior part of the abdomen.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered granulomas. No new lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No new pleural nodules. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy (scarring of the adenoid wall of the lungs) or lymph nodes. Thyroid: No changes in the number of thyroids (thyroid cells in the neck) or the amount of thyroxine in the blood. Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of changes in the structure and function of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of patients with thoracoscopy of patients who have had a heart or lung surgery for heart or airway disease. The spine is a thin, thinning and thinning network of veins and arteries that carries blood from the lungs to the heart and back to the body. Changes in the spine may be due to the presence of small or large airway nodules, heart or blood vessels, or both. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax (collapse of the airway wall) or of a narrowing of the pleura (hole in the lung wall that leads to the lungs). There are no signs of cancer of the lungs or the airways or of the heart or the aorta.
This is an overview of the results from a comprehensive search of the medical records of patients with acute myocardial infarction of the lungs, airways, heart, and vessels of the aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse bronchial wall thickening is noted. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Stable right apical 7 mm nodule (5/67). Stable left thyroid lobe 2.3 cm nodule. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathies by size criteria. Aortic and aortic valves (flare up of valve leaflets) appear to be normal. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable post-radiation changes in the right upper and middle lobes. No new lung cancer or pleural effusion. Focal bronchiectasis and mucoid impaction in the inferior lingula (4:237). Clusters of micronodules likely related to airways disease for example in the left upper and the left inferior lingulae (4,267 and 4,289) and left and right ventricles of the tracheostomy tube. No other lung cancer. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve and calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Left renal cysts. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Mild biatrial enlargement. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 5.0 cm as on prior exam. Main pulmonary artery is dilated (32 mm). Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications, and the main artery and valve of the heart are all calcified. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid enlargement right anterior chest wall. Degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
The lung apices are excluded from the field-of-view. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new pleural effusions were found. The airways are patent. No new lung nodules were seen in the upper lobe of the left lung. However, there are some new tree-in-bud nodules in the right lung that are not thought to be new. These are likely to be caused by a disease of the lungs and need to be treated surgically. Heart and Vessels: The heart is globally enlarged. No pericardial effusion was found. Biventricular angiogenic angioplasty (AICD) was performed on the heart on the same day of the CABG.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Pneumothoracic CCT (CT) network of lung surgery for adults with pleural pleural effusion of the pleural airways. The findings show that there is no evidence of lymphadenomy or lymphadenopathy, but that there are a few sub-5 mm lung nodules in the right lobe of the lung. There is a 6 mm nodule in the left lung and a sub-6 mm nodle in the thoracic wall. There are no signs of cancer in either lung.
This is an overview of the findings from a study of lung and airways and soft tissues. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. There is a thin band of atelectasis in the middle lobe of the pulmonary artery. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Although the study is not tailored for evaluation of pulmonary arteries, a filling defect of thromboembolism is in the lateral segmental branch of right lower lobe pulmonary artery (pulmonary artery is a branch of the heart that carries blood from the lungs to the heart) and is not thought to be caused by a blockage of the aorta (the main artery of the blood supply to the lungs). There is no evidence of any other defects in the blood vessels or in the lungs or the airways. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Small hiatal hernia with diffuse thickening of the distal esophagus is consistent with mass seen on a recent EGD. The included part of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The review now assesses the effects of radiotherapy and surgery on the lungs, heart, and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways: Mild thickening of the bronchial wall (bronchiectasis) in the subpleural lobe of the lung (left lung) and lung wall (right lung) has decreased and now measures up to 1 cm in size. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or mass. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid and Pancreas: Thyroid is normal in size and has not been affected by radiation or surgery. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroid or pancreas. Heart and Vessels: Heart is large and healthy. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review shows that a sub-4 mm lung nodule in the right lower lobe of the L1 vertebrae is stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild bronchiectasis with mucous plugging is again noted in the lingula. No aggressive osseous lesion has been seen. The deformity of the vertebral body is unchanged.
This is an overview of changes in the structure and function of the lungs and airways of the thoracic spine. Changes in the lungs/airways/pleura include a 1.9 cm nodule in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 144. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a new 5 mm nodule on the right side of the left lung in series 250. Other scattered pulmonary nodules are unchanged compared to study from November 2017 including a 3 mm right upper lobe nodule. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe mixed centrilobular paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Normal course and size of the aortic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortal valve. Calcified blood clots are in the vessels of the heart and the pulmonary valve. There are no new pleural pleural enlargements or pleural abscesses. Central airways are clear. Upper Abdomen: Upper parts of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. No new bone lesions have been found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower spine. Routine age-related degenerative changes have been seen in the spine. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Trace pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax/Pleura Group. Lungs/Airways/pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree with patent. No pleural effusion or pleural blockage. Further decrease in a left upper lobe spiculated nodule, now 1.6 x 0.7 cm, was previously 1.7 x 1.1 cm. New subpleural nodule in the lower lobe (5.59 mm) and a new subcarinal nodule (4.85 mm) in the left lower lobe. Subcarinal lymph nodes measure up to 1 cm as on prior exam. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Aorta is normal in course and size. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable disease of the left 10th rib.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the lungs and airways of patients with thoracoscopy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. These findings likely represent mild pulmonary edema. There is no evidence of pleural swelling or narrowing of the airways. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Main pulmonary artery measures up to 3.2 cm which is mildly enlarged. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid (thyroid gland) and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy in this area. No evidence of cancer in the lymph nodes or in the neck. No changes in the number of vertebrae in the back of the neck have been shown by neck CT.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. New clusters of micronodules in the right upper lobe and left upper lobe. No pleural effusion or pleural collapse. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Left aortic arch with an aberrant right subclavian artery with retroesophageal course. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the thyroid nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of adenomyopathies or adenopathies of the thoracoskeletal system.
This is an overview of the condition of patients who have had a heart or lung surgery to replace aortic valve or valve in the main lung or both. The heart and vessels of the heart and the lungs/airways/pleura show signs of thickening of the bronchial wall. There is a small amount of mucous secretions in the trachea extending into the right lower lobe branches of the lungs. There are no signs of narrowing of the aorta or of the main pulmonary artery. No pericardial effusion (hole in the heart) or narrowing in the coronary artery (clotting of the artery wall) has been found.
This review shows that fibrotic lung and airways are stable and that the heart and vessels of the aortic valve chambers appear normal in size. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusions were found. There is no new thoracic adenopathy. However, there are some changes in the shape and size of the lower lobe of the lungs, which may be due to the growth of pleural reticulations, but these changes are not severe and are not thought to be caused by the disease itself. The thyroid gland is well-preserved and the heart chambers appear to be of good size.
We found that the mass in the upper lobe of the lung is no longer as large as it was when we first examined it. The mass now measures 4.4 cm long and 2.2 cm wide. It has spread out to the left side of the pleura and is attached to the major fissure in the pericardium. There is a 1.1 cm left apical nodule that is stable and 1.9 cm spiculated groundglass nodule with a 7 mm solid component that is still in place. The rest of the mass has spread to the right side and is stable. There are no new sclerotic lesions. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are similar to those we found before. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size and there are no calcifications in the coronary artery or aortic vein. The esophagus is filled with fluid and some of the esophageal tissue is covered by a thin layer of fat. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body and is still confined to the lungs and airways. The lymph nodes are still in the same place as they were when we examined them prior to the surgery. The neck of the chest has not changed in size nor has the mass spread across it. There was no change in the amount of fluid in the blood stream or in the size of the artery or the heart or the blood vessels. There were no changes in the volume of blood in the lungs or the airways or the lungs. The bronchial wall is thickening.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild lower lobes with bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scarring at the lung bases. Stable 1.1 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule in the right lung (3:199) has been there since at least 2007. No new or enlarging nodules or lymph nodes have been found. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracostomy tube) or thyroid (thyroid gland) is known to be a cause of this type of adenomatosis. Heart and Vessels: Left chest wall pacemaker pulse generator leads lead to the right atrium and right ventricle. Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta is 38 mm long and main pulmonary artery is 30 mm long. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications are normal and there is no evidence of blockage of the coronary artery. Thyroid and Spleen: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the two thyroids. No evidence of periostomy or peritoneal resection was found. T8 vertebral body hemangioma is a tumour in the neck of the neck that has spread to the vertebrae and is thought to be caused by a blood clot in the spleen. No signs of cancer were found in either thyrotropium or thyroglobulin in the upper lobe of the thyroid gland. No changes in the size or volume of lymph nodes were seen in the lower lobe or in the lymph nodes. The tumour is not large or large enough to be of concern. Upper Abdomen: Partly imaged right renal cyst. Left renal hypodensities too large to be sure of the cause. Calcified granulomata are found in both spleen and pancreas. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent chest X-ray of the right lung of patients with pleural pleural effusion. No new or enlarging lung nodule was found. A 0.7 mm groundglass nodule in the upper lobe of the lung remains stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenomy or lymphadenopathy in the pleural space above the diaphragm. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen. However, the number of prominent lymph nodes in the body is low and the length of the port is short.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lungs and airways of patients who have had a thoracoscopy to look at changes in the structure and size of the lungs, airways, heart and blood vessels. No new or enlarging lung or airways nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were found in both the heart and the vessels. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone structure or growths were seen in the bone above the diaphragm. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the lungs or the airways. The airways were clear. Thyroid was found to be normal.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of heart and blood vessels, lungs, airways and pleura. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 38 mm long and main pulmonary artery is dilated (33 mm). Severe coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications have been found. No calcifications of the heart or of the artery that carries blood from the heart to the lungs. No pericardial effusion. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Diffuse bilateral groundglass opacities. No pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracoid bone near the top of the lungs). Thyroid enlargement is not seen in any of the three thyroids. Thyroid is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is a summary of the findings of the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable atelectasis of the right lobe of the lung which is thought to be the source of mass. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion, but there is a chance that this may be due to fluid in the pleural space between the lungs and the airways. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the level of the diaphragm. Stable compression deformity of the T12 vertebra body. There is a large bony lesion in the T10 and T11 vertebra bodies. There are also several rib lesions and a right eighth rib lesion which may represent treatment change.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airway Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Subpleural reticulations noted in the bronchial wall in the right lung and right lung wall thickening. Mild biapical scarring. Stable scarring and/or atelectasis in the lingula adjacent to the fissure. Scattered sub-4 mm micronodules (for example left upper lobe 4:93, 109). No new or enlarging nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial enlargement. Aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair. No pericardial effusion. The main pulmonary artery is dilated (35 mm) which can be seen with pulmonary high blood pressure. Calcified granulomata in the liver. Upper Abdomen: Calciferous lymph nodes have not been found to be altered by surgery. Thyroid: Thyroid wall thickened in the left breast. Overlying right breast skin thickens. Degenerative changes of the spine and right shoulder.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the effects of the thoracic spine on the lungs, heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal course and size of the aortic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the mitral annulus.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Pancreatic Cancer Group's (NCG) CCT series 4. The results show that there are a few sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung, but these are stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A subcentimeter right thyroid nodule is stable. A sclerotic lesion in the right lateral fifth rib is stable, and a hemangioma is noted in T10 vertebral body.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Pneumothoracic Imaging Group's (CHNG) Cochrane Abdomen/Pelvis CT series 4. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT of the diaphragm and pelvis of patients with acute myocardial infarction. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are seen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This review shows that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is a small hiatal hernia. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
This is a summary of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Collaboration study. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lung on series 4, image 198. No pleural effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears to be normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Bone and soft tissues: No major bone lesions were found. Scoliosis: The spine has a S-shaped curvature.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy (scarring of the adenoid bone) in either lung or neck. Normal thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date evidence. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidation of lung and airways. No pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm which can be seen in the setting of high blood pressure. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions. No incisions in the bone or in the soft tissues. No evidence of pleural swelling or narrowing of the pleura or pleural bleedage.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of 12/24/2020. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are scattered tree-in-bud nodular opacities in the left lung, right lung, and right upper lobe. Some of these nodulars may be larger than others. There is a trace right pleural effusion with overlying subsegmental atelectasis. No pneumothorax was found. There are no signs of obstruction of the airways or of a narrowing of the pleura. No thoracic adenopathy was found, but there is a small amount of blood in the pleural cavity. There was no evidence of a pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size and there is no sign of a hole in the wall of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable, noting a hepatic hypodensity is too low to be sure of the size of the bone lesion. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the right breast after surgery. There appears to be nonorganised edema along the cutaneous surface of the right chest wall which could be due to the accumulation of blood from the breast tissue. No surgical drains were found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways appear to be normal. No evidence of airway blockage, but there are some calcified granulomas in the airways. Heart and Vessels: Heart appears normal in size. Severe coronary arterial calcifications and/or stents are present. Stable pericardial effusion measuring up to 4.1 cm posteriorly. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent CT of the diaphragm area of paraseptal emphysema. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
In this case, there is a large amount of secretions/debris in the trachea, left mainstem bronchus and left lung. No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax was found. There is a 1.8 cm prevascular nodule in the left lung, which is thought to be an enlargement of a lymph node. Multiple hepatic cysts are noted. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified. Mild atelectasis is noted in the lingula.
This is an overview of the findings from a chest X-ray of the diaphragm area of the lung. No lung collapse was found. A small hernia was found on the right side of the pelvis. The hernia is not thought to be caused by a blood clot, but may be due to an atelectasis of the pleural muscle.
We found that there is no evidence of aortic aneurysm/pseudoaneurysm, dissection, or rupture of the aorta or heart after surgery. There is a small but not large amount of fluid around the major artery and the major branch vessels (e.g. the main artery and its branch vessels) as well as several small foci of air along the course of the drain. There are no signs of abscesses or pericardial effusion. However, there is some evidence that there may be some scarring in the right pleural space, which may be due to scarring caused by the pneumothorax that occurred after surgery, but there is not evidence of an abscess in the other pleural spaces. No other fractures were found in the thoracic spine or thoracacic cage. The body and tail of the body are well-defined and homogeneous. The liver and biliary ductal dilatation is mild and the pancreas appears to be normal. The pancreatic duct stent has been placed since 10/10/2021.
This is an overview of the findings from a CT scan of the lungs/airways/pleura. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a sub-2 mm nodule in the left lung (4:297). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: For findings in the abdomen/pelvis, please see the separate CT report Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there is a possibility of a brain lesion in the right mandible, although this may be due to a hole in the front of the brain. No evidence of an abscess was found in this area. No signs of cancer were found in any of the other parts of the body.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered calcified granulomas. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is a normal size and the esophagus deviates to the left. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating hepatocellular lesions which are too large to be seen on chest CT. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid: No new thyroid nodules or lymph nodes were found. No adenopathy was found in the lymph nodes. Remains of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are many new and enlarging pulmonary nodules, for instance a new lingular nodule in the right lung. There is mild centrilobular emphysema. No pleural effusion. Stable mild narrowing of the right mainstem bronchus (bronchus of the lungs) from adjacent adenopathy. Mild dependent secretions are seen within the proximal trachea. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Calcifications of the aortic valve are shown. There was no new thoracic adenopathies. Upper Abdomen/Thighs/Breast: There is a small hiatal hernia in the left breast. There were no new adenomies in that region prior to surgery. However, there is a new subaortic lymph node (5/173) which is stable from prior surgery. No new adnopharyngeal lymph nodes were found after surgery. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable enlargement of right axillary lymph nodes (1.0 cm) and right hilar adenomalies (1 cm) were found in the thoracoskeletal area of the thyroid. No adenomyoskeletons were found.
This is a summary of the findings of a CT of the lungs/airways/Pleura and of the heart/Vulva. Lungs/Airways and Pleura: There is a 7 mm lower lobe thyroid nodule in the trachea of the lung. There is also a small pleural effusion in the left lung. No pneumothorax (collapsed lung) or pleural edema (swelling of the airways) was found. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The great blood vessels are normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. Upper Abdomen and pelvis: There are no signs of trauma to the bones or soft tissues. Thyroid nodule: 5.2 cm heterogeneous left thyrotropium (thyroid) nodule with calcification and possible areas of necrosis.
This is an overview of the findings from a large, well-designed study of the thoracic spine of adults with thoracoscopy of the lungs, airways, heart, and vessels of the neck. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusions. The soft tissue nodularity in the right lower lobe of the lung has decreased compared to the prior study, measuring up to 1.3 cm in series 5 image 314, previously measuring 3.1 cm at this level. Elevation of the right lungs/airways/pleura is limited by the enlargement of the effusion in this region. No new pleural or lung nodules have been found. The airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aorta are found in both the heart and the vessels. There is a right-sided chest port with a catheter tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone or soft tissues. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid and Pancreas: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in this study. No changes were seen in the esophagus or pancreas. The esophageal wall thickened, but there was no change in the size or shape of the lymph nodes. There were no changes in the number of lymph nodes or the size in the neck or the length of the heart or the vessels, nor in the volume of platelets in the blood in the lungs or the blood vessels.
The CT scan showed that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the thoracic lobe of the lung. There is a small hiatal hernia in the pelvis. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent CT of the thoracic aorta and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the heart and vessels. Upper Abdomen: No changes in the size of bone or in the shape of the bone in the lower abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy (scarring of the chest wall) or adenopathies (inflammation of the lymph nodes) of the lungs or the heart or of the vessels. Normal thyroid.
This is an update of a post-suture chest X-ray of the sternum. There is a new small left pleural effusion with a loculation in the left fissure. Paraseptal emphysema is noted. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears to be normal in size. Thyroid gland and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear to be of normal size. Stable trace pericardial fluid, likely physiological, is found in the vessels of the aorta. There is no change in the size of the lungs or airways or of the pleura. No changes in the number or size of lung or airway nodules. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of a review first done in 2009. No new findings were found in 2013. The original search was last done in 2014. There are no new results as of February 2015. However, there are a few new tumours noted in the thymic bed of the thyrotropium (thyroid gland) and a calcified granulomatous mass in the upper lobe of the thyroid gland. There is no evidence of tumour of the lungs or of the airways. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The aorta appears to be of a normal size and course. The right chest port has a subcutaneous calcified nodule (5/299) but the cause of this is not known. The tumour is not thought to be cancerous. Mediastinum/Lymph Nodes: No tumour was found in the lymph nodes, but there was a large mass on the right side of the body. No evidence of a tumour in the other lymph nodes. Thyroid and Abdomen: No new tumour has been found, but the size of the mass is too large to be classified as a cancer. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Laryngoscopy Group's (CLG) Cochrane Lung and Parenteral Respirator's Group (LLGR) series 3. The review shows that there are a few sub-5 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the right lung, but these are stable and no signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion are seen. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are found in the coronary artery of the heart. No aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is an update of a previously seen left-sided chest port. The heart is not enlarged. No pericardial effusion was noted. There is no new pulmonary nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in size. No axillary, supraclavicular, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy was identified. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion was found in the right lung. Density within the right ventricle was found to be high. Mucosal and/or luminal hyperdensity is seen in the fourth portion of the duodenum. Patient is in a stable condition post left radical nephrectomy.
This review shows that pleural effusions have been found in the right lung of the bronchus (bronchus) in patients with chronic bronchitis. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema (swelling of the lung wall) or lung cancer. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion has been found.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Mild bronchiectasis. No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.1 cm mm in the lower right paratracheal lymph node (4/192) and a calcified subcentimeter right cardiophrenic lymph nodes.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph Nodes: Stable subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 8 mm subaortic lymph node (3/163). No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of the descending aorta at 4.1 cm.
This is a summary of CT of the lungs/airways/Pleura of the trachea and of the heart/vessel system. Lungs/Airways and Pleura: The lungs/pleura/pulmonary valve are stable. There are no signs of disease in the lungs or airways. The pleural effusion in the right lung is new and is thought to be caused by a fungal infection. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. The heart is normal in size. The great blood vessels are large and the vessels are of good size. Thyroid and Tumour: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in the X-ray. No signs of cancer were found in the thyroid or lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen and pelvis: No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The pelvis was not shown to be affected by the surgery. The pericardial effusion was not found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. The review includes information on the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Nodularities along the bilateral major fissures, for example 4 mm nodule on the left side (3/257) and 5 mm on the right side of the lung (4/259) are likely to be lymph nodes of the thyroids, and there are also numerous bilateral scattered lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and blood vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Cervical spine hardware is noted.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings from one of the largest and most well-conducted randomised controlled trials in the world. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The airways are patent. There is evidence of atelectasis in the lower lobe of the lungs, but not in the upper lobe. No pleural effusions. The thyroid gland is noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is no new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The right hilar 8 mm lymph node is not found to be any more or less large than it was before surgery, but there is an increase in the size of the left axillary lymph node, which is thought to be due to the recent use of the Covid 19 vaccine in the left deltoid. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs appear to be as good as they have been in the past. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. However, there is some evidence of atelectasis in the left ventricle of the heart, likely due to a prior heart infarct. There is no evidence of pleural or pleural adenopathy. The lymph nodes do not show any evidence of adenopathies. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues do not seem to have been affected by the disease. There are no signs of trauma to the bones or joints.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable 1.4 x 0.7 cm scarlike scarring in the right lobe of the lung on the top of the lungs is stable. No new pleural effusions or pleural swelling was noted. The airways are patent. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening is noted. No pulmonary edema was observed. The heart appears to be normal in size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Severe triple-vessel coronary and aortic calcifications. Mild calcification of the valvular leaflets. Bone and soft tissues: No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 8.5 mm in the lower right paratracheal lymph node (5/178), and no new thyrotropium adenopathies in the thoracopharyngeal area. The thyroid gland is well-preserved and has not changed in size or shape. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Again seen compression deformity of the vertebral bodies of T7 and T10. No changes in the number of vertebrae or in the shape of the bones in the back of the neck were noted. Mildly calcified calcifications of the valves of the heart were seen.
A CT of the lungs/Airways/Pleura was performed on the same day as the chest X-ray. The lungs/airways/pleura were normal in size and there was no evidence of lung or airway collapse. There were no signs of pleural effusions or pleural bleedage. The heart was not affected by narrowing or narrowing of the vessels that carry blood from the lungs to the heart. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels were not altered in any way. There was no change in the size of the right breast or the left breast.
This is an overview of changes in the structure and function of the thoracic spine, lungs and airways of patients who have had a thoracoscopy to look for signs of lung and airway disease. The review shows that there are no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta are the same size as they were when the surgery was done. There is no evidence of a change in the size of the pulmonary artery or the heart or of the blood vessels. However, there are signs of large airway changes including a thickening of the bronchial wall and a narrowing of the airways. There are no more or fewer pleural nodules in the upper lobe of the lung than there were before the surgery. No more or less pleural enlargement was seen after the surgery than after the initial surgery. There was no change in number of pulmonary nodules. There were no changes in number or size of any of the lymph nodes or the thyroid glands.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the effects of thoracic surgery on the lungs/airways/pleura. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Main pulmonary artery size is within normal limits.
This is an overview of the findings of the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No lung mass or lung nodules were found. There was some evidence of pleural effusion in the pleura. The airways are patent. The pleura is a thin membrane that carries air from the lungs to the body. There were no signs of lung blockage. Thyroid gland: A small part of the thyroid gland was found in the thoracic cage. The rest of the body is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The aorta appears to have a normal course and the blood flow is normal. There is no evidence of a blockage of the aortic valve or of the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the chambers of the heart. There are some calcified calcifications in the coronary artery and in the heart wall. Upper Abdomen: No calcifications were found in this area. Bone and soft tissues: Heterogeneous density of the bone marrow was seen in the bone cage.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's study of the thoracic spine of patients with thoracoscopy of patients who have had a thoracostomy for thoracopharyngeal resection. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis in the left lung. There is a slight decrease in the now trace left-sided pleural effusion. No new lung nodules have been found. No pneumothorax (collapsed lung) has been seen. The airways are normal size and the heart and vessels are normal. There are no new lung or airway nodules in the right lung. However, there is an atelectasis along the pleural space on the left in series 5 of the SVC for example which is difficult to compare to prior studies due to the presence of the loculated effusion in the chest wall. The left lung is not large and the airways appear to be unaltered. The thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Normal size of the heart. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mitral annulus and aneurysms of the aortic valve are found in the coronary artery and the valve and are not seen in the other major arteries. The pericardial effusion is reduced to a trace and there is no new evidence of a lung enlargement. The breast implants are still in place. Upper Abdomen: Upper parts of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Post surgery changes of the spine with calcifications in the back soft tissues. No evidence of new aggressive bony lesions.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original original was published in 2008. The new one was done in 2013. The review found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The right thyroid lobe is surgically absent. No thoracic adenopathy by size of the breast or of the lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Elevation the right hemidiaphragm with platelike atelectasis in the right base. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are found in both the heart and the vessels of the heart. Upper Abdomen: No changes in the bone structure or in the structure of the soft tissues of the upper body. No cancer of the lungs or of the airways or the pleura. There is an increase in the number of centrilobular nodules and patchy groundglass in the lungs. There are no new or worsening of the risk of lung cancer in this group of patients. Thyroid enlargement is not known to be a cause of this type of tumour.
We found that there is a lot of fluid in the airways of the lungs and in the mainstem bronchi. There is also some loss of volume in the right upper lobe of the lung. There are no signs of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. The heart appears normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the vessels of the aorta or of the heart. The thyroid appears to be normal. We are not sure if there is any evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area or in the lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airway Group's (HLG) review of lung and airways surgery for adults with pulmonary valve stenosis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found in the left lung. However, there is some evidence of pleurodesis in the right lung. There is evidence of a tree-in-bud-like growth in the upper lobe of the lung, which may be a sign of small airways disease. There are no signs of pleuritus in the pleural space. Lung wall thickening and bronchiectasis were seen in the bronchial wall and may be due to thickening of the airways wall. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. No atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries were found. The aorta and aortic valve are normal in shape and size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Thyroid and Pancreatic Tumour Group. Thyroid: No lung or airways mass or lung mass. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. There is a moderate to large sized hiatal hernia on the right side of the pelvis. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta and valves of the aortic valve appear to be well-preserved. Mild consolidation of the mitral annulus. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is no evidence of lymph nodes in the neck or thoracoskeletal area of the neck. The hernia is of good size and the hernia appears to be of good shape.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2010. We found that the largest subsolid nodule (1.4 x 0.6 cm) in the right lower lobe of the right lung was still there when we looked at the most recent CT on 3/24/2021. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. The airways are patent. There is a small hiatal hernia. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the vessels. There are severe coronary artery calcifications. The ascending aorta is an arterial vein, with a diameter of 3.9 cm. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an update of a review first done in 2004. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules or pleural effusions. No new thoracic adenopathy. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. The airways are patent. However, we have noted an enlargement of the ascending aortic artery to 3.7 cm, which may be a sign of high blood pressure in the lungs. We have also seen bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis and linear bands of scarring/atelectasis. The thyroid gland appears to be similar to the other parts of the body. There is no change in the number of thyroids or the size of the thyroid glands. No changes in the amount of thyroxine in the blood stream or in the body's volume.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is hypodense relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications.
This is an overview of changes in the lungs, airways, heart, and blood vessels of patients with bronchiolitis of the lungs and airways of the chest who have had a lung or airway surgery for lung cancer. Changes in the upper lobe of the lung and airway may be seen in the setting of atypical infection or pulmonary edema. There is some evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall, but the cause of this is not known. The heart and vessels of the heart appear to be normal in size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion in the aorta. Thyroid gland and other parts of the body are normal. The bone structure of the neck and shoulders appears to be unaltered. There are no signs of disease in the bones of the upper and lower limbs. The airways are patent Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.2 cm subcarinal lymph node (5/319) and 1.0 cm lower right paratracheal lymph node, are found in the neck. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Subacute fractures of right fourth through sixth ribs.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothoracic and Pulmonary (Lungs and Pneural) Specialist, The Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is improvement in left lung mass, now 4.6 x 3.2 cm (previously 8.5 x 4.7 cm). There is new volume loss and traction bronchiectasis in the left lung adjacent to the mass. There is no new or enlarging lung nodules or tumours. No new or large tumours of the lungs or airways have been found. Mild thickening of the bronchial wall has been seen in the upper lobe of the lung and is thought to be caused by the growth of tree-in-bud nodules from the right lung. The lesion now measures 1.5 cm. The left lung is stable with a stable 3 mm left upper lobe micronodule (5.129 cm) and a 1.2 mm right lung nodule (both 5.129 and 1.1 cm, both 5.229 cm) in the middle of the lower lobe. No changes in the size of the aortic valve or the coronary artery or in the valves of the heart were found. Heart and Vessels: Heart is appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported in one breast and in the other. No change in the number of pleural effusion or growths in the pleural area. Melanoma of the right breast is not known to have spread to other parts of the body. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the breast after surgery. No evidence of cancer was found in either breast after the breast surgery.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging solid lung nodules were found in the upper lobe of the lung. The airways are patent. There is a moderate-sized right pleural effusion and a stable, but not large, left pleural atelectasis. There are no new or large pleural calcified granulomas in the right lung. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of the aorta at 4.1 cm. Moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
Aortic and aortic valves: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. Aortic valvular calcifications: Mild to moderate coronary calcifications. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. The airways are patent. The lymph nodes are normal. Thyroid gland: No change in the size of lymph nodes or of any of the lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is well-preserved. Upper Abdomen: No changes in the number of vertebrae or vertebraes in the upper body or in the shape of the thoracic cage. The upper body appears to be unaltered except for a filling defect in the lingular segmental branch of the thyrotropium (5/228) of the thyroid gland.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the results from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No new or enlarging nodules. Mild upper lobe pleural emphysema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aortic valve and the coronary artery have calcified calcium deposits. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic area. Thyroid enlargement is not seen in any of the thyroids. The esophageal wall thickened, but there was no change in the size of the esophagus nor in the shape of the thyroid gland. No changes in the number or size of lymph nodes or in the mass in the neck area are seen. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
This is an overview of the findings from the latest CT scans of the thoracic spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen X-ray: No changes in bone structure or growth of bone in any of the major parts of the body. Thyroid: No change in the size or shape of the thyroid gland. No change of the number of thyroids in the lower lobe of the neck or in the neck of the spine. No major changes in the number or size of lymph nodes. No changes to the size, shape or growths of the lungs or the airways or the heart or of the blood vessels. Bone and soft tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the condition of the heart, lungs, airways and other parts of the body. The heart is normal in size. The aorta is large and the pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are extensive secretions in the trachea and bronchi extending into the right upper lobe and the bronchi. There is a small pleural effusion in the right pleural lobe that may be due to prior pleural blockage (pneumothorax) and there is a trace pleural obstruction on the right ventricle that may have been caused by a chest tube that was placed prior to the time of the chest tube placement. There are no signs of cancer or lymph nodes in the lymph nodes of the thyroid. The thyroid is normal size. Heart and Vessels: There is no pericardial effusion, there are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries, the aortas or veins, and no evidence of blockage of the blood supply to the lungs. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior cervicothoracic fixation. The T3 spacer has been taken out and the T4 spacer is still in place, but has not been placed back in place. A surgical clip is noted in the left breast.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of patients who have had a thoracoscopy of the spine to look for signs of lung and airway changes. The spine is the largest part of the body and the lungs are the smallest. Changes in the spine are due to the age of the spinal cord and are not thought to be due to cancer or heart disease. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysematous changes with an increase in lung size in the upper lobe of the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the right atrium. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been found to show signs of adenopathy (scarring of the lymph nodes). Thyroid: No signs of cancer in the thyroids. Thyroid enlargement is not known to be a cause of the changes described above. Small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
We found that the lungs and airways of the lungs are stable and the airways are patent. There is a marked dilatation of the pulmonary artery, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The heart is normal in size and there are no pericardial effusion or narrowing of the vessels of the heart. There are severe coronary artery calcifications in the right heart and there is a small hernia on the right side of the chest wall. The hernia is probably caused by a hernia that did not heal after surgery, but may also be caused by the blockage of the artery by which the stents were inserted. There was no change in the number of nodules in the neck or in the thoracic lymph nodes. However, there is an increase of subcutaneous thickening along the inferior inferior chest wall, which is a sign of sclerotic damage. The upper chest wall has not changed in the last 10 years.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is stable. No new or enlarging nodules or tumours have been found. No pleural effusion or pleural oedema. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Thyroid and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid is unremarkable.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the thoracic spine of patients who have had a thoracoscopy to look at the heart, lungs, airways and pleura to see if there are any changes in the structure or function of these parts of the body. We found that there are some changes to the structure and function of the spine, lungs and airways, and the heart and vessels of the aorta. There is a narrowing of the pleura in the right lung and reticulations in the left lung which may be due to a long-term lung infection. There are no signs of a pneumothorax (collapsed lung) in either lung. The heart and blood vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of pericardial effusion (hole in the wall of the heart) or of narrowing in the pulmonary artery (the main artery that carries blood from the lungs to the heart). There is also a right-sided pleural effusion in the chest which is probably due to an open pleural leak. The tumour on the right side of the lung is not large or large enough to be seen with the scope of the angioplasty, but it is not clear if it is still there or not.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Airways Group (CHNG) study. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is evidence of bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thickening and multiple foci of mucoid impaction with scattered centrilobular nodules in the lower lobe of the lungs. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pleural or pericardial effusion. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The heart is normal in size. The great blood vessels are normal in number and size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Moderate hiatal hernia. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable T9 superior endplate compression deformity.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Stable 4 mm right tracheobronchial tree (5.254 mm) and 5.304 mm left trachiolleiomyomatopoietic cell mass. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Improved post-surgery changes in the left axilla of the left trachea. No thoracic adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathies of the thoracoskeletal system. Atrophic thyroid.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: New small pleural effusion from prior. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. The heart appears normal in size. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. There is no new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Thyroid gland and other soft tissues: No new tumours or growths were found. The included part of the thyroid gland is normal. Heart and Vessels: Stable trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval decreased size of previously prominent lymph nodes, for example 5 mm subaortic lymph node (4/180), previously measured 8.5 mm.
This is an overview of the evidence from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a cystic tracheobronchial tree. There is emphysema and large airways disease. There was a 5 mm nodule in the left lower lobe of the left lung that was stable over a long period of time. However, there was a 2 cm increase in the size of the nodule at the site of surgery and this may be a sign of a new tumour. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. There were no changes in the number of thyroids (thyroids are the outermost layers of the thyroid that line the body and support the body's volume and volume of blood). Thyroid enlargement may be due to the growth of lymph nodes in the right paratracheal lobe. No changes were seen in the other parts of the body. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and healthy, but there is a slight enlargement of the pericardial septum. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Punctate aortic valvular calcification is noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found.
This is an update of a review first done in 2009. We found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or lymph nodes in the left major fissure measuring up to 1.3 cm (4.273 cm) in that area. There was a decrease in right pleural effusion, but there is still a small amount of pleural fluid remaining. There is no change in the size of the right pericardiophrenic lymph nodes or the subcentimeter of the mediastinal lymph nodes. No new or large lung nodules were found. Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the other parts of the body. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found in the aorta or near the heart. There are a few broken bones in the rib cage, some of which have improved with time and are thought to be healing. The left breast of the left breast is known to have metastatic breast cancer, but the cause is not known. The right breast has not been found to have spread to the other breast. The thyroid is not seen to have changed in any way. The hernia was not found to be a hernia, but may have been caused by a blood clot in the hernia and may not be healed. There were no other problems with the thyroid.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs following thoracoscopy. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of CT scans of the heart, lungs, airways and pleura. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No lung or airway problems were noted. The gallbladder has a large amount of low-pitched noise from recent heart catheters. The thyroid is normal size and there is no evidence of thyroid cancer. The great blood vessels are normal size. The liver is too small to assess the risk of aortic stenosis. No other problems were found.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of published in 2008. The evidence is up to date as of February 2014. The review shows that there is a lot of scarring in the trachea and lungs of the neck, but not in the airways or the pleura (pulmonary ventricles) or the heart. There is no evidence of cancer in the neck or in the lungs. However, there is some evidence that the scarring is due to granulomatous (scarring on the surface of the throat) disease. There may be some calcification of the thyroid (thyroid tissue) in the upper lobe of the left lung and in the left lower lobe, but this is not thought to be caused by cancer. No new or enlarging nodules or tumours have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax/Pleura (Pleural effusion) and Heart and Vessels (Cardiomegaly/Vessels) review. Lungs/Airways: Diffuse bronchiectasis and scattered foci of mucoid impaction. Multiple groundglass and solid nodules are noted, including a 1.2 cm nodule in the left lobe of the right lung. While most are unchanged, the right lower lobe lesion is enlarged from 13 mm and 2020 and 9 mm in 2019. There are no pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels: Mild heart and blood vessel enlargement. Moderate coronary artery calcifications. Thyroid and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Postprocedural changes again seen in the right breast, including biopsy clips. The esophagus is patulous and contains intraluminal debris.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Lungs/Airways/Pleura and Tumour and Bone/Vulva/Thyroid/Oesophagus/Abdomen/Tumour (CTS/CTS) study. Lungs and Airways: There is no evidence of lung cancer in this group of patients. There is evidence of atelectasis in the upper lobe of the lung, which may be due to a disease of the lungs or the airways, but the evidence is not clear. There are no signs of disease in the other lung types. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the artery that carries blood from the heart to the lungs) or coronary artery calcifications ( calcification of the blood vessels that carry blood to the heart). The great blood vessels of the heart and the vessels around the heart are of good size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Thyroid and Bone: No signs of cancer in the thyroids or the thyroid mass. The thyroid mass appears to be normal size and volume. The left breast appears to have no new bone growth after surgery. No changes in the appearance of the left breast after surgery have been seen in the X-ray of the breast. The right breast does not appear to have any new growths or growths. The neck of the neck may have a new growth, but it is not obvious at this time. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mild mediastinal adenopathy measuring up to 11 mm in size is the most likely cause of this type of adenocytosis.
This is an update of a study that was first done in 2000. The results show that the lung wall thickening, bronchiectasis, and mucoid impaction have worsened with tree-in-bud opacities and peribronchial consolidations. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: The cystic mass in the mid upper part of the abdomen appears to be the same as that seen in other studies. No new adenopathy. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcifications in the right and the left of the thyroids appear to be of the same size and shape. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Thyroid and Pancreatic Tumour Group's (CTG) study of the thyroid gland and other parts of the thoracic spine and airways of the lungs and heart. The thyroid gland is located in the neck of the neck and the airways are in the chest. The heart is in the aorta and has a diameter of 3.4 cm. There are a few sub-6 mm nodules in the right thyroid gland, but these are stable and have not changed in size. There is no evidence of a change in the size of the pleura or pleural effusion. The airways and pleura are patent. No pericardial effusion was noted. There were no changes in the number or size of lymph nodes or in the shape of the heart or the lungs or the neck or the spine or the kidneys or the pancreas. However, there were a few calcified calcifications in the coronary artery and in the liver. There was no change in size of either the thyroid or the lung or the airway or the heart.
Aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Aortic, aortic valves and heart valve and the coronary artery are calcified. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe emphysema. Multilobar mild bronchiectasis. Scarring in the right upper lobe of the left lung (5:263 cm) and the right lower lobe ( 5:407 cm) of the right lung (331,403 cm) probably due to mucoid impaction and airways disease. Further interval decrease in right lung bandlike opacities consistent with healing. Moderate-sized hiatus hernia. Fluid is noted in a distended esophagus to the level of the thoracic inlet.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Heart and Lung and Airways and Upper Abdomen and Thyroid and Soft Tissues and Bone and Tissue reports. The main findings are that the lungs are normal in size and the airways are patent. There is a new 5 mm right lower lobe nodule as well as an enlarging 8 mm left fissural nodule in the central airways. There are mild aortic valvular calcifications in the aorta and there are mild aneurysms in the heart. The heart is large and well-preserved. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or consolidation was found. The pulmonary artery is normal in length and there is a mild coronary artery. The ascending aortal vein is a small to moderately large vessel. There was no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic spine. The thyroid gland was not found to be affected.
This is a summary of the findings from the review of the evidence. The heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion was found. There was no thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracoskeletal area around the lungs and airways) or lymph nodes. The thyroid gland was not found to be affected. There were no changes in the size of the lungs or the airways or in the heart or the vessels. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of changes in the structure and function of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of patients with acute myocardial infarction. Changes in the lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Stable biapical scarring. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The size of the lymph nodes in the right and left paratracheal lobe is the same as in the prior study. There is no change in the size of either the heart or the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Mild calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas of the heart and the vessels are found in both the coronary artery and the vessel. Upper Abdomen: No changes in bone and soft tissues. No aggressive bone or soft tissues were found. Routine age-related degenerative changes were found in the spine.
This is an update of the original review from 2007. The original review showed that there were no new or enlarging nodules in the subpleural left upper lobe from prior left breast surgery for breast cancer. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. There was a decrease in size of the right middle lobe nodule compared with July and April 2021 tests. It now measures up to 4 mm. No new or growing nodules were found. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The aorta of the aortic ventricle is 39 mm in diameter. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Upper Abdomen and T11 vertebrae: Stable disease of T11 and T6 and T10 vertebral body, with an increased risk of T6 in the anterior parts of T10 and T7 in the back.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions or pleural bleedage. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring in the thoracoskeletal area of the thorax) or pericardial effusion. The airways appear to be patent. Thyroid gland: No adenopathies of the thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and neck of adults who have had a thoracoscopy to look for changes in the structure and function of the lungs, airways, heart, and vessels of the spine. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found in the lung or airways. There was no evidence of adenopathy (scarring of the lung wall) or pericardial effusion (hole in the heart) or of narrowing of the aorta (the main artery of the heart). There were mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the pulmonary artery. Thyroid tumours were found to be subcentimeter-sized, but not large or large, and there was no change in the number of thyroids in the neck or in the size of the thyroid nodules.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of published in 2010. The review found that the heart is normal in size, and that there is no evidence of pericardial effusion in the aorta or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence of pleural scarring in the lower lobe of the right lung. There is a small but stable subcentimeter hypodense nodule in the right thyrotropium (thyroid gland) in the thyroid gland. There are no signs of adenopathies in the thoracic spine.
This is a summary of findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways wall thickening is probably due to thickening of the bronchial wall. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen and Breast: One breast has a 10 mm lesion and the other breast has an enlargement of the breast bone that has not been seen before. Both breasts appear to be unaltered. Upper and Lower Abdomens: Both breast and lower abdomen have a lesion of the left breast that is not thought to be cancerous.
This is a summary of the findings from a CT of the lungs/airways/pleura and of the heart and blood vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging lung nodule. Stable 7 mm lingular nodule in the lower lobe of the left lung has resolved. Reticulation in the upper lobes is likely due to prior radiation. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great blood vessels are normal in height and size. However, there are mild aortic arterial calcifications.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of published in The Cochrane Laryngoscopy and Radiothoracic Network (TRANSCORP) series. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical pleural scarring. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Scattered sub-4 mm pulmonary nodules, including a 2 mm left upper lobe nodule (series 5, image 132) and a 3 mm right lung nodule, are still in the upper lobe of the lungs. No new lung nodules have been found. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild calcified granulomas in the coronary artery. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Enlarged heterogeneous thyroid gland was better assessed on the ultrasound.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine that have been seen in people who have had a thoracoscopy of the spine. The results show that there are changes in some parts of the spinal cord and in the lungs and airways, but not in the heart or airways. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there is an atelectasis of the right lower lobe of the left lung and a new mass in the right upper lobe which is likely to encase the right mainstem bronchus. This is new compared with the abdominal CT from March 2021 which showed no change in the size of the lung or of the airways or the pleura or the pericardial effusion compared to the study from January 2017. There are also changes to the right paratracheal adenopathy which is a type of deep vein thrombophlebitis which is usually caused by narrowing of the veins in the neck and is thought to be caused by the growth of lymph nodes. These changes are not known to be life-changing but are likely to occur with age.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's study of the thoracic spine in adults. The evidence is up to date as of December 2019. The review shows that there are a number of pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe of the neck and some of these nodules have been there for a long time. Some of the nodules are still there and have not been grown back to the same size as they were when we last looked at them in 2010. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax (collapse of the lung). The airways are clear and the heart and vessels of the aorta are normal size. There are no signs of adenopathy (scarring of the lungs or airways) in the neck or the airways. No new lung nodules were found in the study from 2010 to 2013. There was no change in the size of the thyroid nodule in the left upper lobe in the last study from 2013 to 2015. There were no new pulmonary nodles in the first study from 2015 to 2016. The thyroid is still there but not as large as it was in the previous study from 2014 to 2015 and not as big as in the most recent study from 2016 to 2017.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Abdomen Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Scattered clusters of tree-in-bud nodules, especially in the upper lobes. Stable 4 mm right middle lobe nodule since at least 2015 consistent with benign etiology (4:294). Stable micronodule to the right lower lobe since 2016. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Postradiation changes in the left upper lobe and lingula from prior left breast surgery are consistent with a postradiation tumour in the tumour caused by cancer of the lymph nodes. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement and calcified granulomata. No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thoracostomy tube) or periastinum (thrombocytopenia) was seen after surgery for breast cancer. The heart appears normal in size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral valvular (valvular) artery calcification. Bilateral renal hypodensities too small to assess. Upper Abdomens: No major bone or blood vessel defects were seen after liver and pancreas surgery.
This is an overview of the condition of a patient with heart, lungs, airways and intestines who was found to be at risk of haemorrhage from the lungs and airways. There is a thickening of the esophagus and a moderate-sized hiatal hernia. The patient's blood pool is low in attenuation consistent with anemia. A 3 mm right upper lobe nodule is stable. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The lymph nodes appear to be normal but there is no evidence of inflammation of the lymph nodes. Upper Abdomen: There is ascites and edema in the upper part of the upper abdomen. A simple appearing left renal cyst is noted. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: there is a chronic deformity of the right posterior seventh rib, likely due to remote surgery or trauma. Scoliosis of the spine is also noted.
We found that there is evidence of emphysema in both the chest and the chest of the heart. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. The spleen and spina bifida are not known to be a cause of this complication. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy in the heart or the spleen. However, there is a small amount of blood loss from the heart and spleen, which may be due to the presence of iron in the blood.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs: There is evidence of metastasis in the lungs, but no evidence of tumour of the lungs or of the airways. The heart size is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. Upper abdomen: Bone and soft tissue were not found to be affected by the tumour, but a bone lesion was found in the lower lobe of the pelvis.
We found that there is a moderate right pleural effusion in the upper lobe of the lung. There is no pneumothorax (collapsed lung). There are also granulomas in the right middle lobe. There are no pericardial effusion or pleura changes. The pulmonary artery and aortic vein calcifications are seen. The heart appears to be larger than before. The thoracic aorta is normal in size. The central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: A pacemaker is noted. Mitral valve replacement and coronary artery calcification are also noted. The upper and lower limbs appear to be unaltered. The visualized chest wall is not clearly defined. There was no change in the shape of the lungs or the pleura.
This is an update of a stent graft that was placed in the left ventricle of a heart that had been in place for more than 20 years. The stent is still in place and the heart is still beating normally. There is no evidence that the heart has changed in size or shape. However, there is a decrease in the size of left pleural effusion and a calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe of the heart. There are no signs of aneurysm or stroke in the upper lobe. The heart size is stably enlarged.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's study of the thoracic spine, sternum, and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The airways are patent. There are stable pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm, including a right apical nodule on series 3, image 120. Nodularity is unchanged compared to 10/19/2020. There is a chronic small left pleural effusion. The pleural thickening is more obvious in the most recent CT and is similar in size compared to the prior study. Lung nodules are again seen, and are likely to be inflammatory in nature. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen in this study. There were some calcified calcified granulomas in the upper chambers of the heart and there was a small hernia in the right ventricle. The sternalis muscle is seen. Cholelithiasis is seen on the right side of the sternum and on the sternal surface of the right sternalis (stomach) and there is a small subcutaneous soft tissue stranding overlying the right shoulder. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways or of heart or blood vessels in this review.
This is an overview of the results from the review of the lung and airways and the heart and vessels of the aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. There is a 9 mm nodule in the right upper lobe of the right lung. The central airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion (hole in the heart wall) was found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Gynecomastia noted.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs: The lungs are clear and the heart size is small. There is no air in the upper lobe of the lungs. There are small pleural effusions, right greater than left, with dependent atelectasis of the left lower lobe. Some of the pleural fluid also tracks along the right major fissure. Upper abdomen: There is not enough information to draw any conclusions about the risk of pericardial effusion or perineal swelling. No major pleural bleed was found. There was no evidence of pleural swelling in the right pleural lobe. There were no major pleurons in the left lung. No large pleural leak was found in the pelvis. Bones and soft tissue were not found to be of concern. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
This is an overview of the findings from the SVC. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the sclera chamber. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the CT of the tumour of the perihilar lymph nodes in the neck of the neck. The tumour has not spread to other parts of the body. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or narrowing of the pleural airways. The largest tumour is in the right paratracheal lymph nodes, measuring 2.4 cm in length, and the other lymph nodes are stable. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy above the diaphragm bone. No aggressive osseous lesion was found.
The CT scan showed that there is no evidence of a lung tumour in the diaphragm area of the pelvis. There is no sign of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. The tumour is stable in the upper lobe of the lung (right lung) and there is a 2 mm nodule in the right lung (upper lobe) that is stable. There are no signs of a tumour on the other lung (pulmonary) side of the body.
This is a summary of CT of the thorax, lungs, airways, and pelvis of a chest X-ray of the same day. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no new or enlarging lung nodule at the top of the tracheostomy tube. There is a 2 mm nodule in the left lung that was found on the first X-Ray and is the same as it was on the previous X-Rays. No new or large lung nodules were found. There was no change in the size of the lung or of the pleura. There were no changes in the shape of the lungs or the airways or the pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymphs: There was an 11 mm left supraclavicular lymph node in the upper lobe of the peritracheal lobe, the same size as the lymph nodes found in the other parts of the body on the other X-rays. The thyroid gland was not found to have changed in size or shape compared to the other lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart has a right IJ chemotherapy port in place, with tip of the ICD in the SVC and leads in the right atrial appendage, right ventricular free wall, and a tributary vein of the coronary sinus. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great blood vessels are normal in size and shape. Cardiomegaly is a type of heart disease in which there is a mixture of enlargement in both in the heart and in both ventricles of the heart. It is not known whether the enlargement is due to the heart or the atria (vessel) or both at the left and right atrioventricles (the veins that carry blood from the heart to the lungs). There is mild heart and blood vessels enlargement. The aneurysm of the left ventricle with thrombus is still there but less prominent than it was in the first x-ray. No changes of the spine were seen. Upper Abdomen: No changes were seen in the pelvis or in the neck. Bone and soft tissues were not seen.
This review found that there is evidence of calcified lung tumour in the upper lobe of the lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or lymphangioleiomyomatosis. However, there is a moderate risk of emphysema in the lungs.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Pancreatic Research Group. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No evidence of lung disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are coronary artery stents in place. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis. Renal cyst at the upper pole of the right kidney. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Coarse calcifications in the liver. Melanoma of the thyroids is not seen in any of the lymph nodes. Thyroid enlargement is not noted in any lymph nodes, but there is a slight enlargement of the thyroid in the lower lobe of the left breast after breast surgery for breast cancer. Healed right-sided rib fractures.
The CT scan showed that the tumour is confined to the diaphragm area of the right lung. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
This is a summary of a CT scan of the diaphragm area of the thoracic lobe of the neck to look for signs of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There is no evidence of any tumour in this area. A 4 mm groundglass thyroid nodule in the right upper lobe is nonspecific and may be caused by a tumour of unknown cause. There are two other thyroid nodules measuring up to 1.4 cm on the right side of the body. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Pancreatic and Parenteral Respirator's Group (LPGR) study. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. Lungs: There is no new pulmonary nodule in the upper lobe of the left lung. There are no new pleural opacities or pleural effusion. There is a new spiculated left upper lobe nodule, measuring 6 x 3 mm, which was previously 13 x 11 mm in size. The left lung is still covered by a tree-in-bud pattern of pleural oedema, which is a narrowing of the airways that is thought to be caused by the growth of a blood clot in the pleural cavity. The right lung is also covered by the same pattern, but this time with a smaller number of nodules. The heart size is normal. Pericardial effusion is not noted. Upper abdomen: No new lesions have been found. No new lymphadenopathy has been identified. The upper abdomen is not thought to have changed in any major way. The findings of this review are consistent with the fact that there is no evidence of a new tumour in either lung.
This is an overview of post-surgery chest X-ray of the chest wall and heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. The aortic chambers appear to have a normal course and size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph Nodes: Prominent subaortic 1.2 cm lymph node (5/233) is likely to be a source of infection. Thyroid gland: A small portion of the thyrotropium (thyroid gland) is found in the left side of the thyroid. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Aortic calcifications: Mild calcifications are found in both chambers of the heart and in the outer wall of the blood vessels. No major defects have been noted.
This is an overview of the findings of the Cochrane Thyroid and Pancreatic/Pulmonary CT (CT) study. The tumour of the lungs is stable, but there are a few small pleural effusions and atelectasis on the right lung. No thoracic lymphadenopathy has been found. Enlarged thyroid gland with multiple nodules is again seen. The heart is enlarged. There is no evidence of lymphadenomy (scarring of the lymph nodes) in the thoracoskeletal system.
This is an overview of the findings from a Cochrane Lung and Pneumothoracic Arthroscopy (CT) study of the right lung of patients with pleural metastasis due to cancer of the pleural bone from the neck down to the peritoneal cavity. There is a decrease in the size of pleural effusion and lymphadenopathy in the upper paratracheal lymph nodes. Associated atelectasis appears to be less severe.
This review shows that post-surgery lymphadenopathy is stable in the right lobe of the liver and there is no evidence of a tumour in the pleural area. Mild emphysema is noted. There is no pleural effusion. The liver is fatty.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Airways Group. The search is up to date as of 7/15/2020. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: We found 9 mm groundglass nodule in the right lung base and 3 mm nodule at the left lung base. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: There are minimal atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in height and size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Airway Group study. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. The review shows that a 1 cm left upper lobe nodule in the left lung has grown from 8 mm on the prior study to 1.9 cm on the new one. Other scattered nodules including a 4 mm left apical nodule are still there and the fissure in the lung is still there. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No thoracic adenopathy was found on the first study. There is no evidence of a change in the size of the heart or the aorta or of the pulmonary artery. The airways of the lungs are still clear and there are no signs of a narrowing of the airways or of narrowing in the pleura. The thyroid gland is still the same size as it was on the original study. However, there is a large amount of blood in the thyroid which has not been seen on the previous study. Thyroid enlargement is not a cause for concern.
This is an overview of the findings from the most up-to-date study. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs and airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No adenopathy of the lungs or adenopathies of the heart or vessels. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No changes in the size or size of any of the lung or airways nodules or in the number of lymph nodes. Thyroid: Thyroid is normal. Lung and blood vessels: Lung and heart size and shape are the same as in patients who have had a heart or blood vessels placed in the chest. Pulleary artery size and size is the same in those who have not had a chest tube placed in them before. No change in size or shape of the pulmonary artery or of the pleural airways. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lucent lesion in the right fourth rib in series 5 image 137 which is stable compared to the prior study and remains indeterminate. Intramuscular lipomas in the back of the right shoulder left back, a benign finding.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2004. The original version was first published in 2006. The new version was added in 2008. The review now has a new set of results. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pleural nodules have been found. No pericardial effusion. Stable right upper lobe groundglass opacities (5:128 and 146). Scattered stable micronodules (for example 5:40,55, 116) are found in the upper lobe of the lung. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear to be normal in size. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications have been identified. The aorta appears to be of normal size and course. No more or fewer pleural effusions have been noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of people who have had a thoracoscopy of the spine. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. There is a 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right upper lobe of the right lung in series 4 image 115 and a 4 millimetre-long (mm) nodule along the major fissure on the right in image 260 and on the left in image 204 which is likely to be an intrapulmonary lymph node. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Upper parts of the abdominal organs are well-preserved and no new bone lesions have been found. No changes have been seen in the number of vertebrae or in the length of the spinal cord. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No changes in the size or shape of the medians or the lymph nodes. No major problems have been noted in the neck or thoracopharyngeal area.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings from a large-scale study of the thoracic spine and lung and airways of adults with thoracoscopy of patients who have had a stroke or heart surgery for any cause. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mildly calcified right lung mass in the upper lobe of the lung is unchanged compared to the prior study measuring up to 5.8 x 2.5 cm. Patchy groundglass in the lung apices including nodules of up to 6 mm in left upper lobe in image 97 are unchanged. The 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 361 is unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Soft tissue in the right hilum is similar to those found in the prior studies. No changes in bone and soft tissue. Upper Abdomen: No new bone or soft tissue lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine. Muscular lipoma in the left back, a benign finding.
This is an overview of the findings from the TAVR. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Enlarging 7 mm spiculated nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung, previously 3 mm (4:378; previous exam 5:373). Enlarged 4 mm left upper lobe nodule, previously 2 mm. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aortic valve. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus. Upper Abdomen: Please see report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T4 compression fracture. No aggressive osseous lesion. Coarse calcified granulomas in both breasts. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heterogeneous thyroid. Patulous esophagus.
This is an overview of the findings from a recent study of the thoracic spine of patients with thoracoscopy of the lungs and airways. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No cancer of the lymph nodes in the neck or thoracopharyngeal area. Thyroid: No changes in the number of thyroids (thyroid cells) or the amount of thyroxine in the blood stream. No new lymph nodes were found. Upper Abdomen: No change in the size or shape of the diaphragm or other soft tissues. Bone and soft tissues were not found to be at risk of cancerous growths or growths.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2004. The review found that the size of most of the lung nodules in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia has decreased over time. No new or enlarging lung nodles were found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion was found. Heart and Vessels: The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper and Lower Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There was no new or worsening of thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of changes in the structure and function of the thoracic spine. Changes in the lungs/airways/Pleura/Thighs/Aorta/Vessels/Lungs/Abdomen/Lymphs/Thyroid/Hormone Pneutrophils/Tubular Pneu/Neural Pneus/Tumour of the neck/Pulmonary Pneumothorax/Humboldt's Pneulostomy Area: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pleural oedema. Patchy dependent opacities described on the prior study have resolved. Scattered pulmonary nodles including an 8 mm right middle lobe nodule in series 7 image 215 and a 7 mm right lower lobe nodules in series 203 which are unchanged compared to the previous study. There is no change in the size of the lung or airways or of the pleura. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Most of the other parts of the body are normal size and there are no new bone lesions. Thyroid and Pneurons: Thyroid enlargement and enlargement have not been reported in this study. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size and volume of the aorta. The aortic valve is of the same size and shape as the other vessels. The rest of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
No new or enlarging lung nodules were found. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The aorta appears to have a normal course and size. Moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are better defined on 9/9/2021 CT scan of the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid gland and Tumour: The thyroid gland appears to be normal size and volume. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic adenoma or of the lymph nodes.
Aortic calcifications: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the body. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas of the heart and the vessels are normal. Upper Abdomen: No changes in the bone structure or in the number of vertebrae above the diaphragm. No new bone lesions were found. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not seen in any of the patients in this group. No changes were found in the numbers of lymph nodes or the size and shape of the thyroids. There was no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways or the pleura. There were no changes to the number or shape of pulmonary nodules, nor in the size of pulmonary artery or the vessels or the heart or the coronary artery.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. Enlarging left upper lobe nodule, now 6 mm, previously 4 mm (4:82; previous exam 5:92; not present in April 2021). Enlarged right lower lobe paravertebral mass now measures 3.9 x 3.1 cm. No thoracic adenopathy. Diffuse esophageal wall thickening with patulous portions of the esophagus noted which may be related to esophagitis or GERD. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Small thrombus noted in the distal right internal jugular vein again noted.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The heart appears to be normal in size. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. There are no signs of lymph nodes in the thoracic cage or in the lymph nodes surrounding the heart or the aorta. The breast is stable, with mild fibrotic changes, status post surgery to the left breast.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are large bilateral pleural effusions, pulmonary edema as well as focal parenchymal opacities and consolidation in both the lungs and the airways. These findings are due to a combination of congestive heart failure/fluid overload superimposed to pneumonia. Endotracheal tube in good position Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: An increase in size of right paratracheals and lymph nodes was found secondary to the pneumonia. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Moderate coronary artery calcification burden. Upper Abdomen: Findings in the abdomen were reported separately by the body imaging section. Nasogastric tube in the stomach Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothoracic and Pulmonary (Pleural) Imaging Group (Lungs/Airways/Pleura) series 3. Lungs and Pleura: No new pleural effusion was found in the upper lobe of the lung. However, a round-like atelectasis was seen in the right lung. The pulmonary artery (pulmonary arterial hypertension) was found to be stable at 4.2 cm in size. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and scattered calcified plaques were found along the aorta. Normal course and number of aortic plaques are noted. Upper Abdomen: Gastrostomy feeding tube is noted. The kidneys are atrophic. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an overview of changes in the thoracic spine and lungs of patients who have had a thoracoscopy of the spine to look for signs of cancer. The spine is the top of the neck and the lungs are the lungs. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a 1.3 cm left lung nodule in the lower lobe of the left lung which was previously 0.9 cm and a new 4 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule which was found in series 3 of the SVC. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the main artery of the heart are found in both the heart and the blood supply to the heart. No aggressive bone lesions were found in either leg or the pelvis. There was no evidence of adenopathy (scarring of the bone) in the left leg or in the chest or the airways of the lungs or the pleura. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement was not found in any of the patients in this group of patients. No evidence of cancer in the thyroid was found.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Cochrane Collaboration's Cochrane Lung and Airway Group (CHAG) study. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014. The review shows that the lungs are stable and the airways are patent. However, there is a mild inflammation of the bronchioles (bronchodilators) which may be due to a long-term inflammatory process. There is an 8 mm spiculated nodule in the right lung and a 4.5 mm in the left lung. There are no pleural effusions. The heart appears to be normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The aorta appears to have a normal course and the size of the aortic valve is not different from that of the other chambers of the heart. Moderate coronary calcifications were found in the coronary artery and in the pelvis. There was no change in the volume of blood in the lungs or in the pleural space. There were no changes in the amount of blood pumped out of the lungs, nor in the number of patients with bronchitis. The thyroid gland was not enlarged by size, but there was an 8 cm spiculate nodule on the lower right paratracheal lymph node, which is an enlargement of the thyroid gland from 4 cm to 8.5 cm on prior. The other lymph nodes appeared to be unaltered.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild dependent groundglass opacities likely due to atelectasis. Stable 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lobe of the lung. Scattered stable sub-4 mm nodules (for example 5:301) in the left lobe. No consolidation or pleural effusion. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Spinal surgery is planned for the back of the spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Collaboration. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, most of which is in the right lung (5/117). No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Thyroid nodulars: Stable thyroid nodularities, some of which are calcified and others not. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the thoracic vessels or of the aorta. The aortic valves appear to be of good size. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Upper Abdomen: Reported in one case in the menopause and one in the womenopause. There was no change in the size of the lymph nodes or in the number of thyroids. No changes in the volume of blood in the lungs or the pleural space.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airway Group's review of the condition of the lungs and airways of the heart. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of the descending aorta at 4.1 cm. Heart and Vessels: Stable enlargement of central pulmonary artery to 3.3 cm. Triple-vessel coronary calcification and stents. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the esophagus and lungs/airways/pleura of patients with esophageal cancer after esophagostomy for gastric resection and gastric pull-through (removal of gastric contents). The review shows that there is no evidence of a leak of contrast in the extraluminal part of the gastric wall. There is evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall and a pocket of air next to the right ventricle wall (pulmonary plexus) that may be due to increased scarring. However, there is also evidence that the defect in the right patellar wall is still there but not as large as it was on the first post-exam (5:67) and may represent a fold in the patellofemoral wall. The heart is normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are found in both the right and left chambers of the heart and aortic vein. There are no signs of cancer in the lungs or the airways or in the lymph nodes.
This is a summary of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airways and Heart and Vessels Group. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Stable left adrenal myolipoma. Stable 2.6 x 1.3 cm right-sided chest port intramuscular lipoma. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of lung and airways, heart, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of fibrotic lung disease are similar to those found in patients with bronchiectasis. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged with a 3.7 cm increase in blood flow in the main lung. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or narrowing of the pleural airways. However, there is evidence of a thickening of the esophagus wall which can be seen in the case of stomach ulcers. The heart appears to be normal in size and the aorta is of the same size as the rest of the body. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical clips in the right neck are likely related to surgery for parathyroid cancer. Mediastinum/Lymph Nodes: Multiple prominent subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes are likely reactive.
This is an update of a review first done in 2010. No new or enlarging thoracic adenopathies have been found. However, there is a moderate-sized hiatal hernia and a hernia in the esophagus. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. The heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. There is no evidence of a narrowing of the aorta or aortic ventricle or of the heart chambers. There are no signs of lymph nodes or lymph nodes in the breast or in the neck.
This review shows that the tracheobronchial tree is stable with no new or enlarging nodules along the right major fissure (4:204) and 3 mm of the right lower lobe nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. No pericardial effusion was noted. The heart and vessels of the aorta appear to be normal in size. There is no evidence of adenopathy in the thoracic lymph nodes.
This is an overview of the results of the post-surgery examination of the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new pleural effusions were found after surgery. No lung mass or lung nodules were found within the aerated parts of the lung. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of the thoracic spine. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The heart and vessels of the heart and the aorta are normal size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is the same size as before surgery. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the arterial veins have been identified in the spleen and spleen. There is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or the airways or of the pleura. The airways and lungs are clear. The spleen has been found to have calcified granulomas, but the rest of the body is normal size and healthy. There are no other signs of disease.
We found no new or enlarging thoracic adenopathies or tumours in either lung or airways. However, we did find that there are still a large amount of tree-in-bud-like nodularities in the right lung and in the left lung with new patches of ill-defined groundglass opacities, for example on image 187 of series 4 and image 339 of series 5, which are likely to be inflammatory in nature. There is a small but stable 9 mm air-filled cyst in the lower lobe of the thyroid lobe. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications have been found in both the heart and the aorta. No new or large lymph nodes were found in the thoracoscopy.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of the findings from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Lung and Airways and Pneumothorax/Pleura and Thyroid and Pancreatic and Pancreas (Pleural) Group. Lungs/Airways or Pleura: Thickening of the bronchial wall is thought to be due to thickening of secretions in the trachea and at the level of the carina. Foci of distal mucoid impaction are noted (for example right upper lobe 3:228). No pleural effusion or pleural abscess was found (right lung 3:282). Emphysema: Lungs are thickened due to disease of the lungs and airways. No significant change in groundglass opacities was found in the left lung. However, there was an increase in reticulations in the subpleural part of the lung. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic calcifications. Mild coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications were found in both the heart and the valves of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Partly imaged cyst in the right kidney. Left hepatic lobe cyst. Thyroid: Thyroid enlargement is seen in both thyroids (thyroid and mass) and in the thyroid. No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the neck) was found. Small hernia in the hernia on the right side of the thyroid and no pericoid. Scoliosis and multilevel degenerative changes of the spine. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Scolioskeletal changes are seen in the neck and spine.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane Lung and Airway Group's (NHL Group) study of lung and airways and heart surgery in adults with acute myocardial infarction. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no change in the size of any of the lung or airways nodules, but there is some thickening of the bronchial wall. No changes in pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the vessels of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
Aorta: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. No coronary artery calcifications. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No thoracic adenopathy. Subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size.
This is an overview of the findings from the review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The aorta has a normal course and aortic ventricle size. There is a right chest port with a deep vein thrombosis. Thyroid gland: Unremarkable. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No changes in thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the findings from this Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Associated nodular and groundglass opacities are stable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aorta is mildly dilated (31 mm). Mild coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No honeycombing. Thymic hyperplasia.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of CT of the heart, lungs, airways and pleura of the trachea. The heart and blood vessels are normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. There is emphysema and large airways disease. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the great blood vessels. No pleural effusion was found in the left pleural cavity. There was no pneumothorax. The tumour in the right pleural cavities is not large or large, but there is evidence of inflammation of the pleural tissue. The mass in the lower lobe of the right lung measures 4.7 x 3.4 cm and the rest of the left lung mass is 4.9 x 2.3 cm. This mass has been there for many years and has not changed in size over that time. The other mass is 2.1 x 1.4cm and the others are the same size as they were when the first CT was done in the 1990s. The bone structure and soft tissues appear to be healthy. The risk of osteoporosis is low.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. We found no new or enlarging nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there were some changes in the shape and size of the lung and airways which may be due to smoking-related lung disease. There was a slight decrease in the size of a subpleural soft tissue nodule in the posterolateral left chest wall (5:242) and in the subcutaneous soft tumour in the postoperative area of the right breast (5.239). There was no change in the number or size of right lung nodules. The heart and vessels of the aorta are normal in size. No pericardial effusion.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of published in 2010. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2014. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Smooth septal thickening and patchy groundglass in the lungs bilaterally which may be mild pulmonary edema or an inflammatory process. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal heart size. The ascending aorta measures up to 4.3 cm in the axial plane, which is unchanged compared to prior studies. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the main pulmonary artery are found in the right atrium and the right ventricle. A left-sided pacer device with leads is used in the atria of the right and the ventricles of the left atrium. There is no change in the size of the thyroid gland. No changes in the density of bone in the thoracic spine. Upper Abdomen: No new bone lesions have been found below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No changes have been seen in the bone structure or in the soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative changes have not been found.
This is an update of a review first done in 2004. The original version was last updated in 2007. The new version is up-to-date as of February 2017. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aorta. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid gland: The thyroid gland is normal.
Aortic arch: The carotid artery is the main artery of the heart and leads to the aortic valve. The aorta is long and narrow and narrows at the top to form a thin, thin wall that carries blood from the lungs to the heart. The blood supply to the lungs is well-preserved. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Thickened blood in the trachea and bronchiectasis (scarring of the airways) in the upper lobe of the lungs. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax (collapsed lung). Thyroid: Thyroid is normal in size. Thyroid enlargement is rare. No evidence of pericardial effusion (hole in the heart) or pleural swelling. No abnormalities in the lungs or airways or in the pleura. No signs of adenopathy of the thoracic wall or of the chest wall. The thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: The heart is large and of good size. There are no signs of narrowing of the artery or of a hole in the wall of the blood vessels. The vessels are of good shape. Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the liver measuring above the body's normal volume of fluid were found in the right breast. No changes in the bone structure or growth of new bone growth were found. No new cancer cells have been found.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Lungs are normal in size. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Upper Abdomen: Reported. No signs of lung cancer. Thyroid: Thyroid appears to be normal. No clear signs of cancer in any of the thyroids. Heart and Vessels: Heart is healthy. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
This is an overview of the thoracic spine and other parts of the lungs and airways of patients with thoracoscopy of patients who have had a chest X-ray for lung cancer. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: 1.5 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule in series 2 image 20 is unchanged compared to the most recent study from November 2020 and is stable going back to the lung cancer screening from October 2019. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are stable. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracics or adenopathies of the neck or thoracopharyngeal adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Bone and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes in the spine. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Stable nodularity of the adrenal glands.
This is an update of a review first done in 2006. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. We have seen mild lung herniation through the right third intercostal space. Mucous secretions in the proximal trachea. No pleural effusions. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Stable trace pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Stable low-density lesion in the right hepatic lobe, likely a cyst, and 1.3 cm right adrenal nodule. No new or large lung nodles. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new tumours were found in the thoracic adenopathies. No changes to the lungs or airways were found.
This is an update of a review first done in 2004. A new set of radiographs was done in 2007. The original version was published in 2008. The new version showed that there was no evidence of pericardial effusion or pleural effusion. There was some mild bronchiectasis in the upper lobe of the right lung and in the right lower lobe. Mild scarring was seen in both the right and the left lung. There were also some calcified granulomata in the anterior and the medial parts of the bronchial wall. No other lung or airway enlargement was found. There is no evidence that any of the patients were at risk of pleural pleural infusion or pneumothorax. However, there is evidence of thickening of the esophageal wall which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Thyroid enlargement is not seen in all patients, but is seen in about 1 in 10 patients with the most severe forms of the condition. There are no signs of cancer in the thyroids.
Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or narrowing of the pleura. Clusters of micronodules, for example at the right lung base and in the left upper lobe of the lung, are probably due to airways disease. Thyroid and Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right thyrotropium (thyroid gland) was not seen on this noncontrast examination. No enlargement of lymph nodes was seen. The heart appears to be normal in size. Aortic valves and coronary arteries are well-preserved. There is no evidence of any cancer in the heart or in the vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs or the lungs to the heart and back again. The tumour of the thyroid is not thought to have spread to other parts of the body. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This is a summary of the findings of the Cochrane review. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The pleural effusion in the right pleural ventricle (the opening between the lungs and the airways) is stable. No pericardial effusion. Stable size of right apical cavitary lesion measuring 8.5 x 4 x 3.7 cm (tracheostomy tube, CC and AP diameters). Stable dilatation of the ascending aorta at 4 cm. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. The central pulmonary artery is upper normal, may be suggestive of pulmonary arterial high blood pressure. Mild coronary calcifications were found in the aortic ventricles at the top of the heart at the time of surgery. Upper Abdomen: Nodular surface of the liver (lungs and sputum) suggestive of chronic parenchymal liver disease. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Dextroscoliosis was not found. No new bone growths were found after the surgery. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy (scarring of the thorax) or lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. No new nodules have been found. The original review found that there was no change in size of the nodules. However, there were some calcified calcifications in the aorta and heart. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found.
This is an overview of lung and airways and heart and blood vessels of patients with bronchiolitis. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new pleural effusions or pleural thrombophlebitis (inflammation of the pleura) was noted. The airways are patent. No new thoracic adenopathies were noted. Thyroid gland: A 7 mm nodule in the posterior left upper lobe (3/206) has been stable since October 2020 but is new from February 2017. This may be a remnant of a tumour from the thymus (thymus is the part of the body that drains the blood from the lungs) or may be part of a thyroid gland that has not been grown back in over a decade. The heart and vessels of the heart appear to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were found. Mild gynecomastia is noted.
This is an overview of the results from the most up-to-date study of the thoracic spine. A 1 cm nodule described as new on the prior study in the right lower lobe has resolved. No new or enlarging nodules. Other nodules including the nodule next to the cyst in the upper lobe, 6 mm right apical nodule and the smaller nodules in the left base including a 4 mm nodule in image 383 are still there. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Airways/Pleura are stable. The airways are normal size. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and size of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is the same size as the heart. Upper Abdomen: Most of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
Aortic valve and aortic artery are normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Subsegmental atelectasis of the right middle lobe. Unchanged tree-in-bud nodules in the right lower lobe (3:248). No new or enlarging nodules. Mosaic attenuation of the lung parenchyma which may be related to air-trapping/small airways disease.
This is an update of a study from 2019, which showed that there is an increased tree-in-bud nodularity in the upper lobe of the left lung and a smaller number of pulmonary nodules in the right lung. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodles greater than 5 mm were found. The airways are patent with retained secretions in the lower bronchi. There is a gastrostomy tube with tip and balloon within the gastric body lumen. The heart chambers are large and the aorta is normal in size. No pericardial effusion was found. No thoracic lymphadenopathy was seen. The brain and spinal cord again have a towering morphology, and osseous trabeculae are coarse. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The visualized bowel is not obstructed. Abdomen: Mixed arterial and portal venous phase of contrast was used in this study. There was no evidence of inflammation at the GE junction.
This is an overview of the findings from the Cochrane CABG and is up-to-date as of March 2014. The CABg showed that the lungs and airways were clear of any new or enlarging lung or airway nodules. The heart was also clear of new nodules and calcification was noted in the aorta and in the vessels of the heart. There was no evidence of a new pleural effusion in the pleura or pericardial effusion. However, there was a significant increase in the size of some of the lymph nodes in the upper lobe of the thyroid gland. There were also some calcified granulomas in the right paratracheal lymph node and a 1 cm enlargement of the thyrotropium (thyroid gland) in the atria of the right lung. Thyroid gland enlargement was reported in both the right and the left lung and the atrioventricular vein. No new or large pulmonary nodules were found in either lung or the airways. The thyroid gland was found to be large and had spread out to the other parts of the body. There is no evidence that any of the other organs were affected. The patient is in a stable condition.
This is an update of a review first done in 2007. The original review was done in 2009. The review now has been re-ran in 2013 and a new version was added in 2014. This update is up-to-date as of February 2015. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The tracheobronchial tree is patent. Diffuse bronchial thickening. Stable interlobular septal thickening in the right lung. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Subsegmental atelectasis of the left lower lobe was found in the left hemidiaphragm. Stabilised right apical 4 mm nodule (5:80). Stable 5 mm right upper lobe nodule, 5:116, and 5:261 right lower lobe nodules. All three nodules are in the upper lobe of the aortic ventricle. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Reported. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Widespread oesophageal cancer spread to the other parts of the body and is thought to be caused by metastasis from the tumour in the breast tissue. Complications of the heart and blood vessels are not yet known.
This is an overview of the findings from the review of published in The Cochrane Laryngoscopy and Radiothoracic Network (TRANSCORP) database. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No signs of lung cancer. No pleural effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion or narrowing of the aortic valve. Moderate triple vessel coronary artery calcifications and calcification of the valve that carries the blood from the heart to the lungs. Mediastinum/Lymphs: There is evidence of a number of lymph nodes in the thoracic region of the thorax measuring up to 1.2 cm as well as a 1.8 cm left supraclavicular lymph node. There is no evidence of any tumour of the lungs or the airways or of the pleura. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No changes in bone and soft tissues. Degenerative changes of the spine.
Aortic and coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications are rare. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchiectasis in the left lung base (3:405) and tree-in-bud nodules in the lower lobe of the lung (4:405). No new or enlarging nodules. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and size of the aorta. No calcifications in the coronary artery. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Thyroid and Pancreas: Thyroid enlargement is not known to be a cause for concern. No other abnormalities were found.
