This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that asthma education aimed at children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department presentation and hospital admission. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. Most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. Types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, microdiscectomy, hip joint replacement surgery, knee joint replacements surgery, anterior cruciate ligament repair, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoidectomy, abdominal surgery, radical prostatectomy (surgery to remove part of the prostate), thyroid surgery, elective caesarean section, and laparoscopic surgery. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls. Racemic ketamine bolus doses were predominantly 0.25 mg to 1 mg, and infusions 2 to 5 µg/kg/minute; 10 studies used only S-ketamine and one only R.ketamine. We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of small-study effects or because the number of participants was below 400. Risk of bias was generally low or uncertain, except for study size, most of which was small. We found evidence that intravenous ketamine reduced postoperative opioid consumption over 24 hours by 8 mg morphine equivalents. Over 48 hours, opioid consumption was 13 mg lower (moderate-quality evidence). Ketamine reduced pain at rest by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale. Pain during movement was reduced by 14% at 24 hours, and by 16% at 48 hours. Pain at rest or on movement, operation type, and timing of administration, or sensitivity to study size and pain intensity, were consistent. No analysis by dose was possible. There was no difference when nitrous oxide was used. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) participants receiving ketamine and 122/2924 (4%) receiving control treatment experienced an adverse event. The quality of evidence was high for pain reduction at rest and pain during movement, and high for reduction in postoperative nausea and vomiting, and moderate for reduction of postoperative hyperalgesia (low for nausea and dizziness). Side effects occurred in 52 studies, while 53 studies reported of absence of CNS adverse events. The evidence was of high quality for pain relief at rest, pain at movement, nausea, dizziness, and vomiting. We rated the quality as moderate or very low for postoperative pain relief. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and differences between studies.
The review of trials found that the MSP/RESA (Combination B) vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. Pretreatment for malaria during a vaccine trial makes the results difficult to interpret, particularly with the relatively small sample sizes of early trials. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role and merit further development.
Four studies, involving 125 participants, were included. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union of the long bones were included, but most data related to non-union of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). A sensitivity analysis conducted to determine the effect of multiple follow-up time-points on the heterogeneity amongst the studies showed that the effect size remained non-significant at 24 weeks. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients having an emergency operation. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the percentage of patients who died in the short term or in the number of serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants. The length of hospital stay was no different between the two groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the drains than in the no drain groups (seven trials; 775 participants). One trial involving 100 participants did not provide any significant difference in the return to normal activity and return to work between the groups in one trial. This trial did not report any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after the operation. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included in this review. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. The positive results described from the 49 studies of low quality are of questionable significance. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials. Eighteen trials found no adverse events. Two trials reported adverse events: adverse events occurred in the control group in one trial, and in the other it was unclear in which group the side effects occurred. 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored side effects. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy should be made with caution.
Five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) were included in this review. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Studies primarily reported on adverse events. One trial (N = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS (two events) and CAS (five events), with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the IAS group (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.92, P = 0.008). Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%).
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias involving 7,119 participants which described random assignment. Five trials randomised women to either immediate or delayed insertion of an intrauterine device (IUD). One of them randomised to immediate versus delayed insertion showed immediate insertion of the Copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion (RR 11.98, 95% CI 1.61 to 89.35, one study, 259 participants); the quality of evidence was moderate. Another trial randomised the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were likely to be higher for women in the Nova T group (MD 8.70; 95%CI 3.92 to 13.48; one study; 438 participants); moderate quality evidence. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates. From meta-analysis of two multicentre trials, pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lipses Loop as was expulsion (RR 0.61, 95%, CI 0.46 to 0.81; two studies; 2257 participants). In other work, adding a copper sleeve improves efficacy and reduces expulsion rates (RR 3.40 (95%CI 1.28 to 9.04, 1 study, 400 participants). Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of IUD immediately after abortion is safe and practical. IUD expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortions compared to delayed insertions. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared with delayed insertion.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. Meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haemat-diseased patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care control group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group, whose levels of depression remained constant (low quality of evidence). We found no information on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. More high quality randomised controlled trials are needed.
We identified three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens. There was no sufficient clinical similarity between the trials to perform a meta-analysis. All the trials were at high risk of bias. With the exception of one trial in which all the participants were positive for MRSA or had had previous MRSA infections, it does not appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high prevalence of MRSA carrier status in the people undergoing surgery. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 people developed MRSA due to MRSA. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic treatments in the trials. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there was no significant difference in the proportion of people developing SSIs. In one trial that compared antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) with placebo, the percentage of people who developed a MRSA infection was significantly lower in the group that received the antibiotic treatment (all SSI: RR 0.26; 95% CI 0.11 to 0.65) compared with placebo (MRSA SSI RR 1.05; MSSSI RR 2.05). In the two trials that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, 19/478 (4.5%) people in the antibiotic group developed aMRSA infection including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia. No significant differences were found in these two comparisons. In conclusion, there is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or an increased number of antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing gastrostomy in terms of reducing MRSA-related infections. Well designed RCTs are necessary on this topic.
We included two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Overall, the number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. There was no information on serious maternal morbidity or mortality. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20.05). There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. Women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included two relatively small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences between the groups.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarian section. However, staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased incidence of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but due to the small number of trials contributing to each analysis the results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
The purpose of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. Two small randomised controlled trials recruiting 23 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain.
In this updated review we identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion (28 from the original search and 28 from the updated search), with the majority carried out in participants with breast cancer (28 studies). A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 control participants. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be statistically more effective than the control intervention. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for interventions delivered during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. In relation to diagnosis, we identified benefits of exercise for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with haematological malignancies. Finally, aerobic exercise significantly reduced fatigue but resistance training and alternative forms of exercise failed to reach significance. The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with solid tumours. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of exercise intervention.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatment groups) of adults (16 to 65 years of age) with HL. We included all five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses: the HD9 and HD14 trials were co-ordinated in Germany, the HD2000 and GSM-HD trials were performed in Italy and the EORTC 20012 trial was conducted in Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as therapy blinding was not feasible. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear. All trials reported results for OS and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to the our first published review (2011), we included five trials in total i.e. one trial could be added on the previous review. These trials included only adults with HL aged between 16 and 65 years old. We found moderate- to high-quality evidence that adult patients between 16 to 60 years old with early unfavourable HL and advanced stage HL have a survival advantage regarding OS and PFS. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the BEACOPP escalated arm compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS of 3142 participants. After five years only 144 (121 to 168) patients with HL will experience a progress, relapse or death, compared to 250 (122 to 167) patients in each arm. There is no evidence for a difference for treatment-related mortality. Although the occurrence of MDS or AML may increase with BEACP escalated (3332 participants), there is no difference between both regimens for overall secondary malignancies. However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (106 participants). This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalation of the chemotherapy regimens probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV ((anaemia: 2425 participants, RR 10.67 (95% CI 7.14 to 15.93); neutropenia: 519 participants; thrombocytopenia (a type of blood clot); infections: 24 25 participants; RR 3.73 ( 95% CI 2.58 to 5.38))). Only one trial planned to assess quality of life, however, no results were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients or both (two trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Results showed no difference in the effect on quality of life between the interventions. In one study patients with breast cancer were offered a physical training programme. Low quality evidence suggested that physical training was not more effective in improving RTW. Seven studies assessed the effects of a medical intervention. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. We found no differences in the effectiveness of the interventions in improving the RTW of patients with cancer. We also found moderate quality evidence that interventions involving physical, psychoeducational or vocational components led to a higher RTW rate than care as a usual practice. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias (risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We judged nine studies to be of low quality.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interests. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel. There was no clear difference in the average treatment effect across included trials between women allocated to CTG and women given intermittent auscultation in instrumental vaginal birth and perinatal mortality rate. Women allocated to admission CTG had, on average, a higher probability of an increase in the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in the number of babies who died before birth. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcome measures including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (incidence only reported) and incidence of seizures in the neonatal period (in one trial involving 8056 infants; low quality evidence). We found no data reported for severe neurodevelopmental disability assessed at greater than, or equal to, 12 months of age. Contrary to continued use in some clinical areas, we found no evidence of benefit for the use of the CTG for low-risk women on admission in labour in this review. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admissionCTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission to hospital. Women should be informed that admission CTGs are likely associated with an increase of caesarian section rate without evidence of any benefit. Furthermore, the probability is that women allocated CTG have, on an average, 20% more caesaryan sections. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One study suggested that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of differences between the culture media used. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. Properly designed and executed randomised trials are necessary.
The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. However, they were unable to identify any randomised trials which met the inclusion criteria. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice. As some papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at the first visit would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness of communication and overcome the ethical dilemmas previously mentioned.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1006 randomised participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. There was a significant reduction in reports of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There were also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain up to three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency. The quality of the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. Due to the nature of the main interventions of interest, it was impossible to blind the therapists as to whether the participant was in the intervention or control arm. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high risk of performance bias (risk of overestimating the benefits and underestimating the harms of the intervention). Three studies were thought to have a high-risk of outcome bias. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to interpret findings from studies.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The following antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers were evaluated in at least one randomised controlled trial: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine (or levocabastine), mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, and pemirolast potassium. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. We observed a large variability in reporting outcomes. Meta-analysis was only possible in one comparison. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamine and mastcell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of antihistaminics and mast cells stabilisers treatment. Direct comparisons of different drugs and treatment comparisons need to be interpreted with caution.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. Two studies met the inclusion criteria for the review and a third was identified as ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). No difference was observed in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study assessing this outcome. For smokeless tobacco use, no difference was found between the skills-community arm and the control group at 42 weeks (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.30). Whilst the second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test (p < 0.05), this was not maintained at six month follow up (change score -0.11 for intervention and 0.07 for control). Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth in this population. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is twice that of the non-Indigenous population, with tobacco experimentation commencing at an early age. As such, a significant health disparity exists where Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality.
We included one randomised controlled trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) in this review. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. There were no clear differences in maternal mortality, perinatal mortality or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), congestive cardiac failure (very low-quality evidence), acute chest syndrome (low quality evidence) and acute splenic sequestration (low-quality of evidence), haemolytic crises (low to very low quality of evidence) or delayed red blood cell transfusion reaction between the comparison groups. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and haenolytic disease of the newborn, were not reported by the trial. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on how best to give blood transfusions to pregnant women with HbSC and HbSβThal. The available data and quality of the evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference from more than one trial under the pair-wise comparison was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method (very low-quality evidence). Among the secondary outcomes, blood transfusion (proportion) was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution (where blood is pumped through the veins to the liver) group (2 studies). Blood transfusion quantity (red blood cells) was lower with fibrin sealant than control (4 studies); and blood transfusions, blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time were lower with low central veinous pressure than with control. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. Paucity of data meant that we could not assess transitivity assumptions and inconsistency for most analyses. When direct and indirect comparisons were available, network meta-analysis provided additional effect estimates for comparisons where there were no direct comparisons. However, there was a lack of data and the results were imprecise.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included in this review. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (44% improvement rate difference) and PUVA combined with other treatments. However, a combination of PUVA and retinoid is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective and neither was topical PUVA. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP, but there is, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine trials that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. We found no additional trials meeting the minimum inclusion criteria. Based on the limited number of published trials, we found that the systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of these drugs is likely to be an overestimate. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. The dose-ranging effects of the drugs could not be evaluated. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with these drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. All the trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths. One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness (eight trials; 446 participants; 1/236 (0.4%) died in the control group versus 0/210 (0%) in the intervention group (very low quality evidence). Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported no serious adverse events in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthesia instillation. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The effect on the proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) versus 40/82 (48.8%) in control group; RR 1.25; 95% CI 0.99 to 1.58). The length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the participants receiving local anaesthetics at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours (32 trials; 2020 participants; MD -0.99 cm on a VAS scale of 0 to 10 cm) and at five days (five trials; 335 participants; low quality of evidence). Various subgroup analyses and meta-regressions were performed to investigate the influence of the different types of local anaesthesiants, different methods, and different controls on the effectiveness of the intervention. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. Serious adverse events were rare in studies evaluating the effects of injecting local anaets into the abdominal cavity. Further randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic errors and random errors are necessary. Such trials should include important clinical outcomes such as quality of lives and time spent in hospital.
We identified 74 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different types of RDTs with each other or with other antigens. The studies were conducted in Africa, Asia, Latin America, Europe, and the United States. We grouped the studies according to the types of antibodies they detected. Types 1 to 3 included HRP-2 (fromP. falciparum) either by itself or in combination with other antibodies, and types 4 and 5 included pLDH (from P. florenginae) either in combination or in addition to other antibodies. In comparisons with microscopy, we identified 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, eight evaluations of type 2 tests and five evaluations of types 3 and 4 tests. In meta-analyses, average sensitivity and specificity (95% confidence intervals (CI) were 94.8% (93.1% to 96.1%) and 95.2% CI was 93.5% (94.0% to 97.3%) for the types 1 and 2 tests, and 99.3% CI (87.7% to 100.0%) and 90.6 CI (90.6% to 95.7%) for Type 3 tests, respectively. Overall, the meta-analysis showed that the sensitivity of all three types of tests was such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated patients. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be 34 with Type 1 and nine with Type 4 tests, while the number of wrongly diagnosed patients would be 9 with Type 5 tests. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity in study results. Quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. If the point estimates are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have malaria, the tests will miss 16 cases, and will miss 26 cases with the type 1 and Type 2 tests.
We found five randomised controlled trials that tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by the National Health Service. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length of consultation on resources used. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the absence of data on participants' characteristics and small sample sizes. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future.
This review identified only three small trials that evaluated the effects and safety of high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none reported from developing countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. There was no significant difference in virologic suppression in the included studies. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride levels in two studies and body mass index in one study. In light of variation in the design and follow-up of the study results, no meta-analysis was performed and the results of single studies are presented. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 study; in no participants in the McComsey 2008 trial and not reported on in the Sanchez-Conde 2005 trial. The studies did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. Individual results from the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage in the effectiveness or safety of low dose versus high dose of stavUDine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained virologicity suppression and so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where high dose is currently used in ART naive patients with high viral loads.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (n = 1658 participants) in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in the number of deaths in the intensive care unit (ICU) but no difference in 28-day mortality, and pooled data from four studies (1313 participants) did not show a difference in in-hospital mortality. Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure, making interpretation of the results difficult.
Fifteen studies, involving 687 participants, were included in the review. Study quality was poor and sample sizes were frequently small. However, some pooled effects were analysed. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report significant differences between treatment and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy (OR 4.47, CI 1.22 to 16.44). There was no significant difference in FEV1 for relaxation therapy in four studies of 150 patients. Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire, showed a positive effect following CBT (WMD 0.71, CI 0.23 to 1.19). Peak Expiratory Flow (PFEV) outcome data indicated a difference in favour of bio-feedback therapy (wMD 43 L/min, CI -5.5 to 92.min) following relaxation therapy. No significant difference was found between relaxation therapy and CBT in terms of improvement in depression. The remainder of the findings between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in trial design. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to an absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma in adults.
We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall (of which 5365 in the arms of interest (antidepressant and benzodiazepines as monotherapy) were included in this review; however, since studies addressed many different comparisons, only a few studies provided data for our primary outcomes. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference in response rate between the two medications in terms of people who responded to treatment with antidepressants and those who did not respond to treatment. We also found some evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) (when looking at the number of patients experiencing adverse effects). We failed to find clinically significant differences between individual benzodiazines. The majority of studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. Information on adverse effects was very limited. The present review highlights the need for further higher-quality studies comparing antidepressants with benzoidiazepines, which should be conducted with high-methodological standards and including pragmatic outcome measures to provide clinicians with useful and practical data. Data from the present review will be included in a network meta-analysis of psychopharmacological treatment in panic disorder, which will hopefully provide further useful information on this issue.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. Endoscopic stenting with plastic stent was associated with a reduced risk of complications (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.45 - 0.81), but with higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death when compared with surgery. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. There was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality by meta-analysis. One published study compared metal stents with surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stent.   Nine studies compared metal to plastic Stents. Metal stents were associated with less risk of recurrence of biliary blockage than plastic stented. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four trials compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and one compared ultrasound with Doppler auditory assistance. We found moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared with other types of guidance. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the included studies; this adds a performance bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review. Risk of bias varied across studies, with some studies lacking details of allocation concealment.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies conducted in Canada in the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to films with a high alcohol content (mean difference (MD) -0.65 drinks; 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.2 to 0.07; p value = 0.03, very-low-quality evidence). The results from the three ITS study were inconsistent. The results of the two studies that evaluated the implementation of a ban showed an overall mean non-significant increase in beer consumption in the general population of 1.10% following the ban. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In the study evaluating the lifting of a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising to a partial ban on spirits advertising only, which utilised an Abrupt Auto-regressive Model (GRADE) model, the volume of alcohol sales decreased by 11.11 kilolitres (95% CI -27.56, 5.34) per month after the ban was lifted. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month, and spirits sales decreased statistically significantly. The quality of the evidence from the ITS studies was rated as very low due to a high risk of bias arising from a lack of randomisation and imprecision in the results. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported in any of the studies. None of these studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. There was conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. There is no evidence that either formula type could be concluded to be better or worse than the other. No studies were located addressing long-term developmental outcomes or neurodevelopmental outcomes. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers of infants and do not address important outcomes.
We found one small randomised controlled trial (with data from 34 women) that compared transcervical amnioinfusion with no treatment. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of the reporting and lack of information on blinding. The evidence in this review can neither support nor refute the use of this treatment outside of clinical trials. The number of women included in the trial was too small for meaningful assessment of substantive outcomes, where reported. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniotic fluid (transfusion through the vagina). The trial had no clear effect on the incidence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection or caesarean section. There was no clear difference in the duration of maternal antibiotic treatment, nor in the length of stay in hospital. The study did not report any information about how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. The majority of this review's secondary outcomes were not reported in the included study. For those outcomes we assessed using GRADE, we downgraded the quality of the evidence to low - with downgrading decisions based on small numbers and a lack of details on blinding (i.e. how women and their doctors were aware of which treatment they were receiving). The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019.
The aim of this review was to assess the accuracy of the Mini-Cog as a cognitive screening test in community settings. Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. The studies were of limited quality and there were problems with the methods used to select the participants for the studies. There was no pooled analysis of the results of the studies, which prevented a pooled meta-analysis of the data. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg per day), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg or more per day to 70 mg daily), and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS; 12.5 mg a day to 80 mg daily). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamine has powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Sixteen studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry. One study was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources. Amphetamines versus placebo Severity of ADHD symptoms: we found low- to very low-quality evidence suggesting that amphetaminergic drugs reduced the severity of symptoms as rated by clinicians (13 studies, 2028 participants) and patients (6 studies, 120 participants). In addition, we found evidence that all amphetines were efficacious in reducing the severity (2 studies, 35 participants) in reducing ADHD symptoms (dexamphetamine: SMD −0.77, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.14 to 0.40; two studies, 65 participants). However, we did not find any evidence to suggest that dexamphetamine reduced ADHD symptoms compared with placebo (1 study, 49 participants) or MAS (5 studies, 1083 participants). Adverse events: we also found evidence of an increased proportion of patients who withdrew from treatment because of adverse events (17 studies, 2409 participants). Side effects were more common with dexamphetamine than with MAS (3 studies, 67 participants). The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to the small number of studies and participants.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition. Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence). Based on this evidence, vitamin D can have no beneficial effect in chronic pain.
Forty-one studies were included involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine studies they targeted at the organisation of care, and 20 studies targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. Multifaceted professional interventions can enhance the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. Organisational interventions that improve regular recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management. The addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared hormonal and intrauterine contraceptive methods in a total of 1503 women aged 25 years and younger. The trials compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel (LNG-IUS) 20 µg/day (20 µg per day) versus LNG- IUS 12, 16, or 20, and the copper T380A (IUD). The trials comparing two different types of methods did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons', which may have little clinic relevance. In another study, continuation of the COC appeared to be at least as high as that for the vaginal contraceptive patch. In the trial comparing different LNGs, continuation was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. We considered the overall quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review looked at the effects of immunotherapy for house mite allergy, pollen allergy, animal dander allergy, Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex allergy trials and six trials looking at multiple allergens. Allergen immunotherapy significantly reduced asthma symptoms and medication and improved bronchial hyper-reactivity following immunotherapy. It would have been necessary to treat three patients (95% confidence interval (CI) 3 to 5) with immunotherapy to avoid one worsening in asthma symptoms. Overall, there was a significant reduction in asthma symptom scores (standardised mean difference -0.59, 95% CI 0.83 to 0.35) and a significant improvement in the severity of asthma hyperreactivity. There was no consistent effect on lung function. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered.
This review of six randomised controlled trials found that lung-protective ventilation reduced mortality at day 28 and at the end of hospital stay. The effects on long-term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded. Ventilation with lower tidal volumes is becoming a routine strategy of treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury, stopping investigators from carrying out additional trials. Clinical heterogeneity, such as different lengths of follow up and higher plateau pressure in control arms, makes the interpretation of the combined results difficult.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to help the patient to come out of anaesthesia is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. However, we found evidence of low quality from a limited number of studies. These results should be interpreted with caution. Randomized controlled trials based on uniform and standard methods are needed. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
Four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients were identified. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660, Odds Ratio (OR) = 0.89, 95% CI 0.74, 1.07). The combined results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment. Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were reduced significantly in the three studies assessing this outcome. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies.  Analysis of the included studies in this review was problematic as many of the control subjects received antihypertensive treatment because their blood pressures exceeded pre-set values. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however, due to the number lost to follow-up and the number of placebo patients who received active treatment. This introduced bias. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients in this review. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in in-stent re-stenosis is unclear. Compared to angioplasty alone, there was no statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period (RR 1.27; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.86 to 1.90). There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes in non-complex lesions (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions, or those with lesions that fail PTCA). There is limited published evidence and no long-term data to support the routine use of the drug in the routine treatment of patients with complex lesions.
This review of trials found that nebulised rhDNase did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes in children under 24 months of age hospitalised with acute bronchiolitis. In one trial, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis (inflammation of the atelectrum). Two of these patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after nebulisation. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste.
We included two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found moderate-quality evidence of no difference between the percutaneous approach compared with the cut-down femoral artery access technique for short-term mortality, aneurysm exclusion, major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two groups, or in bleeding complications and haematoma. Only one study reported complications at six months, with no difference found between the groups. We also found a difference in the operating time, with the surgical approach being faster than the access technique. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. As the number of included studies were limited, further research into this technique would be beneficial. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy, and that discontinuation rates were higher at 12 months. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, a meta-analysis was not possible. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL. In the first study the primary cognitive outcome of memory at six months did not reach significance, but there was significant improvement in overall cognitive function compared to placebo, with similar adverse events across groups. The second study found no statistically significant difference between arms, with few adverse events. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program for preventing cognitive deficits but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. There is supportive evidence that donepezil may have a role in treating cognitive deficits in adults with primary or metastatic brain tumours who have been treated with cranial irradiation. Non-randomised studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. Further research is required. There were a number of limitations across studies but few without high risks of bias.
We found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies assessed as at high risk of bias, reporting data from 26 analysed participants were included in this review. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another. Following treatment with laser therapy, there was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the results were imprecise. No studies reported on the effects of the intervention on pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. The overall quality of the evidence was very low due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the results and the imprecision of the reported results. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of nerve injuries caused by damaged nerves. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and delayed treatment. Quality of life or adverse events.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no statistically significant difference between using combined oestrogen and progestogen and using placebo for all our proposed primary outcomes, namely, miscarriage (risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% CI 1.32 to 2.80), perinatal death (RR 0.94, CI 0.53 to 1.69) and preterm birth (preterm birth less than 34 weeks of gestation). In terms of this review's secondary outcomes, use of combined hormone therapy was associated with an increased risk of maternal cancer in the reproductive system (RR 6.65, CI 6.56 to 28.29). However, for the outcome of cancer other than that of reproductive system in mothers, there was no difference between groups. Similarly, there were no differences between groups for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract (in the offspring) in the female reproductive system, cancer and other cancers other than of the reproductive systems in the male reproductive system. The second study (based on pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF) showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the combined hormonal therapy group and the no treatment group. The study did not report on this review’s other primary outcomes nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. There is an insufficient evidence to assess the use of hormonal therapy for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
The review of trials found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (median NNT 9; patient expected event rate ranged from 63% to 26% respectively) and for SSSRIs from 7.8 to 8.7 NNT. For SSSRI this was 1.28 (95% CI 1.15 to 1.43). The number needed to harm (NNH for withdrawal due to side effects) ranged from 4 to 30 (excluding three studies with no harmful events leading to withdrawal) and 20 to 90 for SSRI.
This review of trials found that ibuprofen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. NNTs for all efficacy outcomes were better with 400 mg than 200 mg in comparisons with placebo, and soluble formulations provided more rapid relief. Adverse events were mostly mild and transient, occurring at the same rate as with placebo. The higher dose was significantly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief. Soluble formulations were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not for longer than 2 hours. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events, which were most common in the placebo group.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (involving 3497 participants with dry eye) that compared different types of OTC artificial tears with each other or with placebo. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC synthetic tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with one another or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison (175 participants). All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no difference in effectiveness between the two groups. Our review also found that OTCificial tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
One randomised trial in 136 patients studied maintaining lamivudine in second-line regimens or not. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamivudiudine and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamivUDine (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to those on either a 3TC/FTC regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-line failure on non-thymidine analog combinations. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimens is encouraging. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants in this review. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of these tests. We found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampatis test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance and 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. Difficult face mask ventilation was the reference standard in seven studies, difficult laryngoscopy in 92 studies, and difficult tracheal intubation in 50 studies. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for each of the different domains; we mostly observed low quality evidence for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear evidence for reference standard and index test. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains. For difficult face mask ventilators, we found that all investigated index tests had relatively low sensitivities with high variability. In contrast, specificities were consistently and markedly higher than sensitivities across all tests. Among the tests we examined, the tests for diagnosing difficult face masks showed the most favourable diagnostic test accuracy properties. The upper lip bites test provided the highest sensitivity compared to the other tests (P < 0.001). We found that for the diagnostic test for identifying difficult mouth mask ventilation, we could only estimate summary sensitivity and specificity (0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.39) and 0.87 (95% CI 0.82 to 1.91) for the tested tests. For diagnosing the length of the trachea, we judged the summary sensitivity to be 0.24 (CI 0.12 to 0.43) and the summary specificity (P = 0.51) to be 1.51. For identifying the distance of the airway from the nose to the mouth to be less than 1.5 metres, we were able to calculate summary sensitivity of 0.17 (CI 1.05) and P= 0.43 for the test. For the diagnostic tests for identifying tracheas from the mouth, we assessed the summary and specificity as 0.93 (CI 95% CI 1.93 to 0). For the other diagnostic tests, we rated the sensitivity of the tests as 1.9 (CI 2.0) and 2.2 (CI 3.0). For identifying difficult throat incisions, we graded the sensitivity as 2.8 (CI 4.8 to 5.2) and 3.7 (CI 6.0 to 7.8) for each tested test. We rated the specificity as 4.0 (CI 7.0% to 8.0%). We found no evidence for the use of bedside airway examination tests in adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities, as they do not appear to be good screening tests.
The review of trials found that probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea and reduce the frequency of stool frequency in children and young children. Probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We included only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants). This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium term (between six and 12 months) effects of the newly-formulated therapy on social functioning and engagement with non-inpatient services. Nidotherapy was favoured over standard care for social functioning in both the short term (n = 50, 1 RCT, MD -2.10, 95% confidence interval (CI) -4.66 to 0.46) and the medium term; however, these results did not reach statistical significance (very low quality evidence). Results concerning engagement with services favoured the intervention group in both short term, but not in medium term. Results for the adverse effects/events of death were measured by 12 months, but again, there was no statistical significance. Results of people leaving the study early favoured the treatment group in the shortterm, with slight favour of the control group at medium term, although again, the results were of very low quality. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of the new therapy. Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of this newly-formed therapy. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. Two studies (1492 participants began initial dose titration, 687 participants randomised) had an EERW design, in which those with good pain relief after titration were randomized, double blind, to continuing the effective dose (300 to 600 mg per day) or a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. Pregabalin increased the number of participants experiencing substantial benefit (at least 50% pain intensity reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment, high quality evidence). Substantial benefit was experienced by about 14% of participants with placebo (high quality evidence), but about 9% more (22% to 24%) of participants taking 300 to 600mg per day. Moderate benefit was observed by about 28% of people with placebo, but about 11% more with 300 to600 mg per daily (high-quality evidence). A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged between 7 and 14. A small study (177 participants) compared once-daily (daily) versus twice-daily pregapalin, and concluded there was no difference in effect. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the MTR outcome, similar to the result from studies of classic design. MTR had no imputation concerns. The majority (70% to 90%) of people in all treatment groups experienced adverse events, in particular dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema, with number needed to harm of 3.7, 7.4, 18, and 19 respectively for all doses combined. Serious adverse events did not differ between the active treatment groups and placebo. Withdrawals due to adverse events were about 10% higher in people with moderate or severe pain, but withdrawals due to lack of efficacy were about 6% lower. We rated the quality of the evidence as high or very high for most outcomes, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term). An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment. The included trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo and was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between the two groups in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth, nor in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage or caesarean section. However, there were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the placebo group. There were no significant differences seen between groups in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment. The review authors concluded that there is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphates when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus.
The purpose of this review was to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review. Two used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a statistically and clinically significant effect in favour of the intervention (risk ratio 1.43, 95%CI 1.03 to 1.98, p=0.032), however following sensitivity analysis a statistically non-significant but clinically significant difference was observed in favour the intervention. A significant health disparity exists, whereby Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. More rigorous trials are now required to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco related health disparities in Indigenous and non-Indigenous populations. Due to this lack of published investigations, the external validity of the results is limited, as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results.
We included 13 studies (involving 5686 patients) in this review. We included studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for meta-analysis. All 13 studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28 days, 30 days, 60 days or ICU mortality). The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality for mortality was 1.02 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96 to 1.09) and for the studies of patients with high risk surgery patients the RR was 0.98. We found that PAC did not affect the mortality, general ICU or hospital LOS, or cost for adult patients in intensive care. Four studies, conducted in the United States (US), reported costs based on hospital charges billed, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Two of these studies qualified for analysis and did not show a statistically significant hospital cost difference (mean difference USD 900, 95% CI -2620 to 4420, P = 0.62). The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. PAC is a diagnostic and haemodynamic monitoring tool but not a therapeutic intervention. Newer, less-invasive monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC prior to clinical use in critically ill patients. Efficacy studies are needed to determine if there are optimal PAC-guided management protocols, which when applied to specific patient groups in ICUs could result in benefits such as shock reversal, improved organ function and less vasopressor use.
The review of trials found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution reduces the pain experienced during the procedure. Further well designed randomised controlled trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedures.
Two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry have been included in this review. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, (the primary outcome measure for this review), although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between both groups. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months (one study, 35 women). Significantly more women in the secondary sutured group had resumed intercourse two months later, although by six months there was no difference between the two groups. Neither of the trials provided information on the following prespecified secondary outcome measures: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineal wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or refute the use of second-stage suturing for the management of broken down wounds following childbirth.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included RCTs separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, precluding any pooling of results. Only three indicated that compared with antiviral drug, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing influenza and alleviating influenza symptoms. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which no data were reported). There were no significant differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. Ten studies reported mild side effects. Most Chinese medical herbs in the included studies showed similar effects in preventing or treating influenza. No obvious side effects were reported in the studies. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. More high-quality randomised controlled trials with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
We included 8 studies with a total of 558 participants in this review. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Based on low certainty evidence, thrombolytic therapy may restore catheter function when compared to placebo but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits and imprecision in the estimates of adverse events (149 participants). Based on the available evidence, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange appear to be effective and appropriate therapies for immediately restoring catheter patency in dysfunctional cuffed and tunnelled HD catheters. There is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of side effects. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Most of the studies included in the review were judged to have a high-risk of bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement (high risk of drug industry involvement). Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We identified 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment treatments) published time-to-event data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no significant heterogeneity. We found no difference in time to progression between these regimens. The addition of one or more drugs to the treatment regimen showed a statistically significant advantage for overall cancer response in women with metastatic breast cancer but the results suggest no significant difference in survival time or time to the progression of the cancer. The positive effect on cancer response was also associated with increased toxicity. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia were more common with the added drug.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that patients discharged from a neonatal intensive care unit are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of inpatient stay. No statistically significant adverse effects were noted but the possibility of increased early mortality cannot be discounted. Costs of care on the NLU were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two trials compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence that one therapeutic ultrasound regimen is more efficacious than another. Only two studies reported the primary outcome of interest, short-term overall improvement (any measure in which patients indicate the intensity of their complaints compared with baseline, for example, global rating of improvement, satisfaction with treatment, within three months post-treatment). One low quality trial with 68 participants found that therapeutic ultrasound may increase overall improvement at the end of seven weeks treatment (RR 2.36; 95% CI 1.40 to 3.98), although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low quality study found that at three months after treatment, therapeutic ultrasound plus splint increased the chance of overall improvement when compared with splint alone. However, this result was not statistically significant for symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters. No studies reported any adverse effects of therapeutic ultrasound, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. More adverse effects data are required before any firm conclusions on the safety of therapeutic ultrasonography for CTS can be made. There is only poor quality evidence from very limited data to suggest that there is no difference between therapeutic ultrasound and placebo for either short- or long-term symptom improvement in people with CTS.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants in this review. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a drug that blocks blood flow to the brain, which is thought to reduce the risk of developing a blood clot in the brain) and four other drugs called statins. We found that statin therapy alone had a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular events in patients with a previous history of stroke or TIA (odds ratio (OR) 0.88, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.00). There was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death. Three statin trials showed a reduction in subsequent serious vascular events. There is no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of mass media campaigns in changing smoking behaviour in adults. Eleven studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. Among seven campaigns reporting smoking prevalence, significant decreases were observed in the California and Massachusetts statewide tobacco control campaigns compared with the rest of the USA. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found statistically significant decreases. Among the eight studies presenting abstinence or quit rates, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. In the three that did not show significant decreases, one demonstrated a significant intervention effect on smokers and ex-smokers combined. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed positive effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the campaign. Another (California) showed results during the period of adequate funding and implementation and in final evaluation since the beginning of the programme. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for meta-analysis. Seventeen studies that compared yoga versus no therapy provided moderate-quality evidence showing that yoga improved health-related quality of life, reduced fatigue and sleep disturbances, and reduced sleep disturbances in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, anxiety or fatigue, and had no short-term effects on health-quality of life or fatigue. No study reported on safety-related data. Four studies comparing yoga versus psychosocial/educational interventions provided moderate quality evidence indicating that yoga can reduce depression (four studies, 226 participants), anxiety (three studies, 195 participants) and fatigue (two studies, 106 participants). No study provided information on safety. Three studies compared yoga with exercise compared with no exercise. Evidence suggests that yoga might be as effective as other exercise interventions and might be used as an alternative to other exercise programmes. Investigators reported no serious adverse events. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included one study that compared early post-operative brain imaging (within 48 hours of surgery) with no early brain imaging among 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference in overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM and at two years after diagnosis. No other review outcomes were reported. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we identified no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in glioma seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine groups (2 RCTs, n = 120, RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.47, very low quality evidence) and the numbers of participants with parkinsonism at eight weeks were similar. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of clinical improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiAPine fails to provide high-quality trial based data.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion in this review. The review found that nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post-operatively prophylaxis.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme, brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. The results were as follows. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to treatment as usual. The quality of evidence for the primary outcomes was low. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias.
We identified 23 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described randomisation and allocation concealment adequately. Compared to placebo, quinine significantly reduced cramp number over two weeks by 28%, cramp intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. Cramp duration was not significantly affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor side effects (mostly gastrointestinal symptoms) on quineine than placebo, mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. There was no significant difference in major side effects. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a type of blood clot in the blood vessels of the legs) with quinines (0.12% risk) compared with placebo. Based on a single trial comparison, theophylline alone was less effective than a combination of the two drugs but with no significant differences in adverse events. There is low or moderate quality evidence that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious adverse events is not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials, but because serious side effects can be rarely fatal, in some countries prescription of quinaine is severely restricted. Evidence from single trials suggests that theopylline (a non-pharmacological treatment) combined with the drug thepinine improves cramps more than quinne alone, and the effects of xylocaine injections into gastrocnemius muscle are not significantly different to quanine across all outcomes. A combination of vitamin E, vitamin E alone, or the combination of a vitamin E and vitamin E plus a combination with vitamin E was not more effective than vitamin E without the combination. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to moderate.
We found seven randomised controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals amongst whom 118 cross-over participants additionally served as their own controls. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers. Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramps or disease state-associated cramps (for example amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease). It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramp. In contrast, for those experiencing rest cramps the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is needed. While we could not determine the number of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of them did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The trial used walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a measure of function; a minimal detectable change is 24.0 m. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in the training group (9.4 m) was not detectably different from the change in the usual care group (-0.14 m) (mean difference (MD) 9.54 m, 95% confidence interval (CI) -83.04 to 102.12; N = 12). Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity (VO2max) was similar between the training and usual care groups, with a clinically meaningful increase in VO2max of 3.5 mL/kg/min. The study assessed function on the Hammersmith Functional Motor Scale - Expanded (HFMSE), which has a range of possible scores from 0 to 66, with an increase of 3 or more points indicating clinically meaningful improvement. The HFMSE score in the intervention group was 2 points higher than in the control group. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT) total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). The change in MMT total score was 6.8 points, compared to -5.14 points in the group. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people with spinal muscular atrophy type 3 and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
We found two small randomised controlled trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization. One trial (81 patients with cervical radiculopathy) found that surgical decompression was superior to physiotherapy or neck immobilization in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. The other trial (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelopathy) did not find any significant difference between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. A substantial proportion of cases were lost to follow-up. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylosis or myelitis. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included a total of 84 randomised controlled trials (22,872 participants) with a follow-up period of at least four months. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. The effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. Further analyses showed that there was no clear relationship between the duration of the MI intervention (in minutes) and effect size. Subgroup analyses revealed no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes (four or more months) for assessment only versus alternative intervention controls; for university/college vs other settings; or for higher risk vs all/low risk participants.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition bias and at high risk of bias associated with blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. Differences between interventions, populations and outcome measures limited quantitative analyses, particularly for exacerbations, adverse events, unscheduled visits to a healthcare provider and absenteeism from work or school. For both adults and children, how and when inhaler technique was assessed appeared to affect whether it improved and by how much. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique were generally more useful than checklist scores. Most included studies did not report important improvement in clinical outcomes. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for asthma control and quality of life but generally did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits for adults or children. Confidence intervals included no difference or did not reach a threshold that could be considered clinically important. Responder analyses sometimes showed improvement among more people in the intervention groups, even though the mean difference between groups was small. We found no evidence about harms. Although interventions to improve asthma technique may work in some circumstances, the variety of interventions and measurement methods used hampered our ability to perform meta-analyses and led to low to moderate confidence in our findings. Guidelines consistently recommend that clinicians check regularly the inhaler techniques of their patients; what is not clear is how clinicians can most effectively intervene if they find a patient's technique to be inadequate, and whether such interventions will have a discernible impact on clinical outcome.
Three small trials, involving 226 participants, were included. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials included participants with CT-verified ICH. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. Based on these three trials neither beneficial nor harmful effects of mannitol could be proved. There is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mennitol in acute stroke patients. Further trials are needed.
This review of trials found that D-penicillamine appears to have a clinically and statistically significant benefit on the disease activity of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
We found four relevant trials, all of them were of low quality. All of the studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, and the fourth study compared the use of Huangqi decoctions with two other Chinese herbal interventions. None of the included studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting (nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea) and a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (womb white blood cell count <3 x 10^9 per L) in patients treated with chemotherapy-related side effects. There was no evidence of harm arising from the Chinese herbs. We need high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects of Chinese herbs, particularly Astragalus spp.(as in Huangqi), upon chemotherapy- related side effects in patients.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated vitamin A and DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated DHA and vitamin A versus vitamin A only. None of the RCTs had a protocol for randomizing participants to receive vitamin A or DHA, so the quality of the trials was unclear. The trials did not report the primary outcome, mean change of visual field from baseline at one year, which was not reported in any of the studies. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of vision loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in the other trials. Based on the results of three trials included in this review, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A/DHA for people with RP, in terms of the average change in visual field and the mean change in the amount of redness of the visual field at five years follow-up. Future trials should take into account the changes observed in the ERG and other outcome measures from the included trials, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure adequate power to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms. In future trials, since some of the included studies included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months (one RCT), to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). Included trials investigated job loss (n = two RCTs; 382 participants), work absenteeism and work functioning. Overall, we assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the two trials investigating job loss, the larger one reported a large statistically significant reduction in job loss in both groups (relative risk (RR) = 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.18 to 0.68) and the other RCT reported similar effects, although the CI was very wide. The latter one probably suffered from performance bias and we judged it to have a high risk of bias. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up (MD = -2.42 days). Finally, in the same small trial assessing work functioning using the Rheumatoid Arthritis-Work Instability Scale (RA-WIS), there was a moderate improvement of intermediate term work functioning (six months; scale range 0 to 23; mean improvement -4.67 points). We identified no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. This Cochrane review of three trials found very low-quality evidence overall for job loss prevention interventions in workers with inflammatory arthritis. While this review highlights that further high quality trials are required, the results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective.
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine and 140 received placebo) from three countries. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC (any stage) among preterm neonates who were given a single dose of the drug (arginine) compared with the placebo group and rated the quality of evidence as moderate. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of developing NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%) and NEC stage 2 (RD -0.13, 95%) in the ARginine group compared to the control group. Results showed clinical heterogeneity in mortality rates. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the ARG and control or no treatment groups. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation.
We included four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg (RR 1.10; 95% CI 1.02 to 1.18 versus RR 1.04). No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates between the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses. No new trials were found for inclusion in this update.
The review of trials found that the administration of prophylactic vancomycin in low doses reduces the incidence of nosocomial sepsis in the neonate. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials. The methodologies of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of sepsitis in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines may have failed to grow due to low levels of vancomate in the infusate.
We found 14 reports of 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by secondary intention. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds by second intention. A single small trial of aloe vera supplementation vs gauze suggests delayed healing, but the results of this trial are un interpretable since there was a large differential loss to follow up. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression. There were no statistically significant differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate; 11 trials). Pain was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings. Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied compared with those receiving alternative dressings (3 trials). Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam (2 trials). Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied (30.10 days; 95% confidence interval (CI) -49.82 to -10.38). The quality of the evidence was poor.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. Exceptions were seen mainly in older studies with limited information. For breastfeeding duration two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of women breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group (reported P < 0.05) but no significant difference at one year. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. The other showed lower volume at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks (MD -24.00, 95% CI -34.53 to -13.47). Of four trials that assessed infant growth, three indicated no difference between groups. One showed greater weight gain (grams) for etonogenol implant versus no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. The others studied POPs, cOCs versus POPs or LNGs, or both. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. We found six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data. The sensitivity analysis included six trials that compared different methods of birth control with each other or with no method. Five trials indicated no differences between groups for breastfeeding duration. Of the six trials, five indicated no significant differences in breast milk content between groups, and the other five did not show any significant difference. We did not find any evidence that any particular method was better than another for any of the outcomes.
No randomised controlled trials were identified but 10 controlled before-after studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA met our inclusion criteria. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. Total casualty crashes: the only study that adjusted for both reported a rate ratio of 0.71 (95% CI to 0.55, 0.93); for three studies that partially adjusted for RTM but failed to consider spillover, the rate ratio was 0.87; for one study that made no adjustments, it was 1.80; and for two studies, 1.76 (94% CI 0.54 to 1.07). Total crashes: one study addressing both RTM and spilledover reported a combined rate of 1.93; one study partially addressed RTM had a rate of 2.92; and the pooled rate ratio from the five studies with no adjustments was 2.74. Red-light violations: red-light cameras are effective in reducing total casualty crashes. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific casualty collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
Four trials involving 494 participants were included in this review. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram for the percentage of outpatients with venous thromboembolism by day five, with the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB = 3, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2 to 4). One study also showed significant benefits of a 5-mg nomogram in patients with VTE, with NNTB = 5 (95% CI 3 to 28). A third study, consisting of both inpatients and patients discharged from hospital, showed no difference. No difference was observed in major bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of hospital stay. In patients with acute blood clots (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, considerable uncertainty surrounds the use of either a 10 mg or a 5 mg loading dose for initiation of warren's anticoagulant. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding optimal warren’s initiation nomograms.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with standard care. One trial compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the trials were designed specifically for people with dementia, therefore the data included in the review were from subgroups of participants with dementia or cognitive impairment participating in randomised controlled trials investigating models of care for all older people following hip fracture. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one domain. Furthermore, there were some important differences in baseline characteristics of participants between the experimental and control groups. Using the GRADE approach, we downgraded the certainty of the evidence for all outcomes to low or very low. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise, and the overall certainty for most results was low. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was only very low certainty for our other primary outcome, activities of daily living and functional performance, therefore we were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence. We found low-certainty evidence that enhanced care and rehabilitation in the hospital may reduce rates of postoperative delirium and associated with lower rates of some other complications. However, the certainty for these results is low. Data were available from only a small number of trials.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; two studies reported a reduction in the length of hospital stay with no difference in the hospital readmission rate. Three studies reported increased parental anxiety and improvement in child behaviours. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported in one study. By contrast, one study each reported no impact on parental burden of care or on functional status of children. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for the families. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home-based care. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
The evidence is current to January 2016. We included 40 studies with 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM compared with standard care, and ICM versus non-ICM. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. We found that ICM probably makes little or no difference in reducing the average number of days spent in hospital per month or in the number of admissions to hospital compared to standard care. Similarly, there was uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment due to very low-quality evidence. For the outcome adverse events, the evidence showed ICM may make little to no difference to reducing death by suicide. In addition, for the outcome social functioning, we found uncertainty about whether ICM makes any difference to the effect on unemployment. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
Twenty-five trials contributed data to the quantitative synthesis in this review. All but one trial were at high risk of bias. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for meta-analysis of box training (248 participants) versus no supplementary training (216 participants). All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. There were no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). Laparoscopic box models appear to improve technical skills compared with no training in trainees with no previous laparoscopic experience. The impacts of this decreased time on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs are unknown. There appears to be no significant differences in the improvement of technical skills between the two groups. None of the remaining secondary outcomes such as mortality and morbidity were reported in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee satisfaction. The trials were of poor quality.
Two randomised clinical trials were eligible for inclusion in this review. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients. The other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. Patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis with septicaemia had higher serum bilirubin concentrations after treatment with both drugs compared with placebo. No other statistically significant effects on clinical or biochemical outcomes were reported on any of the evaluated interventions. The intrabiliary application of corticosteroids via nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on death and disability outcomes.
We included 57 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 34,390 participants. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% confidence interval (CI) 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that participants who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls, 15 studies showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control participants, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) intervention participants drank one unit per occasion less than control participants. Only five small studies (390 participants) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. There was no difference in alcohol consumption. The BCTs of goal setting, problem solving, information about antecedents, behaviour substitution, and credible source were significantly associated with reduced alcohol consumption in unadjusted models. In a multivariable model that included studies with B > 23 in the unadjusted model, behavioural substitution (behavioural substitution) and problem solving (both credible source and BCT with B -45.92, 95% CI -90.97 to -0.87) were associated with lower alcohol consumption compared to control groups. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (4/20). Over half of the interventions (n = 21, 51%) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. There were no evidence of an association between reporting theory use and intervention effectiveness. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low. The main sources of bias were from attrition and participant blinding (36% and 21% of studies respectively, high risk of bias).
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 received benzodiazepines and 1475 received placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomised to other active treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. We rated all studies as at unclear risk of bias in at least three domains. In addition, 20 of the 24 included studies were at a high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was conducted). Two primary outcomes of efficacy and acceptability showed a possible advantage of benzodiazines over placebo. We estimated the number needed to treat for one additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) of 4 (95% confidence interval (CI) 3 to 7). The dropout rate was lower among participants treated with benzodazines (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.64); the estimated NNTB was 6 (95-CI 5 to 9). The possible advantage was also seen for remission and social functioning, both with low-quality evidence. With the exception of the analyses of the change score data for depression and social function, all secondary outcome analyses showed an effect in favour of benzoidiazepines compared to placebo. However, the number of dropouts due to adverse effects was higher with benzidiazepines than with placebo. Furthermore, our analyses of adverse events showed that a higher proportion of participants experienced at least one adverse effect when treated with the sedative. We judged the evidence for the other secondary outcomes as of very low quality. The quality of evidence was downgraded due to possible unmasking of allocated treatments, high dropout rates, and probable publication bias. Moreover, the studies were only short-term studies and did not examine the long-term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzadiazepines versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. The clinician's choice should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a longer-term perspective.
We identified 13 small randomised controlled trials (1520 participants randomised) comparing tai chi with usual care in people at high risk of developing CVD. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney deficiency syndrome. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias (i.e. risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). Most studies were short term (all studies had follow-up of one year or less). There was also considerable heterogeneity between studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine studies statistically for cardiovascular risk (I2 statistic for systolic blood pressure (SBP) was 96%, for diastolic (lower blood pressure) blood pressure 96%, total cholesterol 96%, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) 95%, and triglycerides 75%). Nine trials measured blood pressure, six individual trials found reductions in SBP (reductions ranged from -22.0 mmHg (95% confidence interval (CI) -26.3 to -17.7) to -11.5 mmHG (CI -21.5 to -1.46)), two trials found no clear evidence of a difference (however, CIs were wide and an increase or decrease in blood pressure cannot be ruled out), and one trial found an increase in blood BP with tai-chi. A similar pattern was seen for DBP: three trials found a reduction in DBP, but again with wide CIs. Three trials reported lipid levels and two found reductions (total cholesterol, LDL-C, triglycerides and total cholesterol reduction) and increased HDL-C with the intervention. Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai Chi improved quality of life at three months. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. Due to the limited evidence available currently no conclusions can be drawn as to the effectiveness of taichi on CVD risk factors.
Twenty-seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this review. Twenty-three interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. There was moderate quality evidence to suggest that family-based interventions can have a positive effect on preventing children and adolescents from starting to smoke. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to a control group receiving no intervention, than there were for other compairsons. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. We were unable to extract data from all studies in a format that allowed inclusion in a meta-analysis. We found that family interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to no intervention control. Nine studies (4810 participants) reporting smoking uptake amongst baseline non-smokers could be pooled, but eight studies with about 5000 participants could not be pooled because of insufficient data. The pooled estimate detected a significant reduction in smoking behaviour in the intervention arms. Estimates for the medium and low intensity subgroups were similar but confidence intervals were wide. Two studies in which some of the 4487 participants already had smoking experience at baseline did not detect evidence of effect. Eight RCTs compared a combined family plus school intervention to a school intervention only. Of the three studies with data, two RCTS with outcomes for 2301 baseline never smokers detected evidence of an effect and one study with data for 1096 participants not restricted to never users at baseline also detected a benefit. The other five studies with information on about 18,500 participants did not report data that could be combined. One RCT also compared a family intervention to school 'good behaviour' intervention and did not find a difference between the two types of programme. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included three studies with a total of 451 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional treatments in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, and tropisetron. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. There were few studies assessing the effects of corticosteroids on nausea and vomiting not related to chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or surgery in adult cancer patients. This review found very low-quality evidence which neither supported nor refuted the use of steroids in this setting. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345), four cystic fibrosis ( 429) and one each sickle cell disease (219), cancer (160) and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders (40). The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection, cyst fibrosis or cancer was moderate. Due to inadequate data, we were unable to rate the quality of evidence for two studies: one in children with sickle cells disease (low risk of bias), and another in low birth weights neonates (high risk of biased). There was no significant difference in the incidence of pulmonary tuberculosis with the use of antibiotics. There was a significant reduction in the frequency of pulmonary exacerbations. The effect of antibiotic prophylaxis on growth was inconsistent across the studies, and there was an increased risk of emergence of pathogenic strains in two studies reporting this outcome. In three studies, there was no evidence of an increase in antibiotic resistance. In the one study of children with the most severe form of lung disease, pneumonia, a significantly lesser proportion of children had pneumococcal septicaemia (low blood pressure) with antibiotics. In one study, the number of children admitted to hospital per child-year with antibiotics was significantly lower with antibiotics than with placebo. There were no significant differences in quality of life between children who received antibiotics and those who did not. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether or not antibiotics are more effective than placebo in preventing lung infections.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants; very low quality of evidence), or surgical complications or pain scores. There were no serious complications or serious adverse events observed related to either of these gases. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low quality evidence. Evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that using room air pneumopitoneum may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery. The evidence of lower hospital costs and reduced pain during the first day after the operation, compared with the use of carbon dioxide, is uncertain. The quality of the current evidence is very low. Further trials on this topic are needed, and should compare various gases with carbon dioxide under standard pressure (i.e. nitrogen, argon, nitrogen, and room air) with cold gas insufflation for people with high anaesthetic risk. Future trials should include outcomes such as complications, serious complications, quality of life, and pain.
Fourteen studies were included in this review. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 participants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies contrasted a high versus a moderate dose of corticosteroids; and five studies a moderate versus a low cumulative dose. Analysis of the studies investigating a moderate dexamethasone dose versus a high-dosage regimen showed an increased risk of BPD (typical risk ratio (RR) 1.01 to 2.22; typical risk difference (RD) 0.26, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.49; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 4, 95- CI 1.9 to 23.3; I² = 0%, 2 studies, 55 infants) as well as an increased neurodevelopmental outcome when using a moderate cumulative dose regimen. There were no differences in outcomes between a moderate- and a low-dose regimen. Four other studies enrolleding 762 infants investigated early initiation of dexametasone therapy versus a moderately early or delayed initiation and showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. The two RCTs investigating a continuous versus a pulse regimen showed a higher risk of the combined outcome death or BPD when using the pulse therapy. Finally, two trials investigating a standard regimen versus a participant-individualized course of dexaprostol showed no difference in the main outcome and long-term outcomes. Overall, the quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ corticostoids, and lack of long term outcomes in most studies. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher-dose regimens, recommendations on the optimal dose, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large randomised controlled trial is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal steroid dosage regimen.
We found eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people with acute rheumatic fever. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. No new studies were included in this update. Overall there were no significant differences in risk of heart disease at one year between corticosteroid-treated and aspirin-treated groups (six studies, 907 participants, risk ratio 0.87, 95% confidence interval 0.66 to 1.15). Similarly, use of prednisone (two studies, 212 participants) compared with aspirin did not reduce heart disease after one year. Investigators in five studies did not report adverse events. The three studies reporting on adverse events reported substantial adverse events, but all results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find this to be effective. Another study found that health education reduced the incidence of trachomatosis. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, however, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce the number of people who developed this disease. One study found another intervention, the provision of latrine provision, to reduce trachomas by 29.5% but this was not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed in a more recent study. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in reducing trachum but this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides. Two trials on the use of the latrine as a control measure have not demonstrated significant trchoma reduction. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of the disease.
Fifteen studies (1043 CFS participants) were included in the review. CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies in reducing fatigue symptoms compared with fatigue symptoms. The evidence base at follow-up is limited to a small group of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS.
We included one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 46 people with sickle cell disease. Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven withdrew before randomisation leaving 39 participants who were randomised. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Two participants from the treatment group have missing values of baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, therefore the number of samples analysed was 37. The participants in the study received oral vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Compared to the placebo group, the vitamin D group had significantly higher levels of vitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks and the quality of the evidence for this outcome was moderate. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between vitamin D and placebo groups, but this result was based on low quality evidence. Regarding the frequency of pain, the participants receiving vitamin D had significantly fewer pain days compared to those receiving placebo, but again, the evidence was of low quality. Furthermore, the review included physical functioning PedsQL scores which was reported as absolute change from baseline. The vitamin D groups had a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than the placebo groups but this difference was not significant. The quality of evidence was low. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. We included only one low-quality clinical study which had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplementation (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines) and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D.
This review includes only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) in a university clinic in Australia. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and language pathologist between one month- and four-month post-treatment. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-3 and ReST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one RCT was identified. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence base. Similarly, further trials of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders, are needed.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that randomised a total of 268 participants with toxoplasma retinochoroiditis. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. We judged these three studies to be of low or unclear quality due to poor reporting. In all four studies antibiotic was administered orally. Only the study in Brazil, in participants with healed lesions, reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. People treated with antibiotics may have a similar change in vision at one year compared with people treated with placebo. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of recurrent eye infection compared with placebo, but there is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. In the US study of pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks intraocular inflammation had almost completely resolved by eight weeks in all participants, however in this study all participants received steroid treatment. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes.
We included 43 trials in this review. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test. Results for post-operative complications, mortality and functional outcomes were similar in both groups. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for proximal femoral nail (PFN) versus the SHS. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) comparing different nail types with extramEDullary implants provided enough evidence to show definite differences in complication rates. Two trials (65 participants) found that nails were associated with fewer fracture fixation complication than fixed nail plates for unstable fractures at the level of the lesser trochanters. However, further studies are required to confirm whether more recently developed designs of intrameducary nail avoid the complications of previous nails. Intramedulary nails may have advantages over fixed angle plates for some unstable trochaneric fractures, but more studies are needed.
We found only low quality evidence comparing palliative surgery and medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. We were unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. There is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival. Quality of life (QoL) was not reported and adverse events were incompletely documented.
Four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) met the inclusion criteria for this review. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or six weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women) studied atorvastarin. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (nmol/L) when used alone or with the OCP. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides but had no significant effect on body fat, fasting insulin or homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) insulin resistance. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTs to assess clinical outcomes.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with advanced cervical cancer with radiotherapy. We found no new studies since the last version of this review. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques for the control of vaginal bleeding. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared to radiotherapy in this population. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources.
In this review, three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were identified, enrolling a total of 745 patients, that compared temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). These trials showed that when given in both concomitant and adjuvant phases of treatment, it prolongs survival and delays progression without impacting on quality of life (QoL) in patients with GBM. In patients with recurrent GBM, it improves time-to-progression (TTP) and may have benefits on QoL without increasing adverse events but it does not improve overall. In the elderly, it appears comparable to radiotherapy in terms of OS and PFS but with a higher instance of adverse events. In recurrent HGG, two RCTs enrolling 672 patients in total found that it did not increase OS compared to standard chemotherapy (HR 0.9, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.76 to 1.06, P value 0.2) but it did increase PFS in a subgroup analysis of grade IV GBM tumours. Adverse events were similar between arms. Quality of life did not appear to differ between arms in a single trial but certain adverse events were significantly more common in the elderly.
We found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of contracting-in and intermittent training courses for district health system managers. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for the management of district health systems management ('contracting-in') may improve health care access and utilization. However, it was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. In the other study, which was conducted in Latin America, managers who did not receive training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs, and in-service workshops with on-site support) have not been adequately investigated. More evidence is required before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effects of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups (risk ratio (RR) 0.56, 95% CI 0.13 to 2.42); however, the analysis was underpowered to detect a difference between groups. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of ICU stay. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
Cerivastatin is an anti-cholesterolemia drug that is used to lower blood cholesterol. This review of 50 trials (19 randomised controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) evaluated the effect of the drug on cholesterol in 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied the effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. Based on an informal comparison with fluvastatin (an anticoagulant), atorvastin (an anti-inflammatory drug) and rosuvastat (a drug that lowers triglycerides), the drug was about 250-fold more potent than all three of these drugs in reducing cholesterol, and 233-fold greater potency than rosuvaastatin in reducing total cholesterol. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. There was no evidence that the drug had an effect on HDL cholesterol, but overall the drug increased HDL cholesterol by 5%. There was a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse effects, but a low risk for the lipid measurements. Withdrawals due to side effects were not different between the drug and placebo in 11 of the 19 short-term trials. We did not have enough data to assess harms associated with the drug because of the short duration of the trials.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients undergoing major cardiac and vascular surgery in which renal ischaemia reperfusion injury may occur. Remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation appears to be a safe method, and probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving iliac clamping. The certainty of the evidence was moderate to high for all outcomes. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of the method in reducing the risk of injury to the kidneys.
We included 12 trials (three from the 2008 search and nine from the 2014 search) with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-drug interventions: a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after stroke. Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
Three randomised trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. The sample sizes of the three trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials. In none of the trials could we ascertain that allocation to the comparison groups was concealed. The combination of insulin and glucose and insulin, compared to cation-exchange resin, caused a reduction in all cause mortality that was of borderline statistical significance: RR 0.18 (95% CI 0.03 to 1.15) and NNTB 2 (93% CI 1 to 5). In the study of Hu, the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage ≥ grade 2 was significantly reduced. In one study (Hu 1991), glucose and glucose inhalation was superior to treatment with rectal-resin inhalation. Albuterol inhalation versus saline inhalation changed serum K+ from baseline at four hours and at eight hours after initiation of treatment. No differences were noted in mortality or other clinical outcomes. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of sugar and glucose or insulin and sugar inhalation or the albuters. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested in randomised controlled trials. No firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We found 12 trials that compared IVIg with PE in a total of 623 severely affected participants. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not significantly different between the two treatments: MD of 0.02 of a grade more improvement in the intravenous immunoglobulin than the plasma exchange group; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to -0.20. There were also no statistically significant differences in the other measures considered. In one trial involving 249 participants comparing PE followed by IVIG with PE alone, the average grade improvement was 0.2 more in the combined treatment group than in the PE alone group; not clinically significantly different, but not excluding the possibility of significant extra benefit. Another trial with 34 participants comparing immunoabsorption followed by intravenous infusion of immunosuppressant (IVIg) with immuno absorption alone did not show any extra benefit from the combined therapy. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment, but IVIIg is significantly much more likely to be completed than PE. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. A previous Cochrane review has shown that PE hastens recovery compared with supportive treatment alone. In children, according to low quality evidence, intravenous Ig probably hastens the recovery as much as supportive care alone. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) in this review. In 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias (i.e. low chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted), a high percentage of oxygen was not associated with death from any cause within the longest follow-up and within the first 30 days after surgery. Similarly, when all trials were included, a high percent of oxygen did not reduce the risk of death due to any cause in the longest time after surgery or within 30 days of surgery. In nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, high fraction oxygen was associated with a decrease in surgical site infections. In five trials adequately blinded for the outcome assessment, a similar effect was noted. We did not observe an effect of a high amount of oxygen on surgical site infection in any other subgroup analyses. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (involving 3258 children) comparing oral antibiotics with placebo or no treatment in children up to 16 years of age with OME. Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Overall, we assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the control treatment. However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, 742 children) indicating that these children are more than twice as likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. In terms of other secondary outcomes, only two trials (849 children) reported on hearing levels at two weeks and found conflicting results. None of the trials reported data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion (two trials, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one trial, 103 children). However, low quality evidence indicated that the beneficial effect of oral antibiotics on acute otitis media episodes within four to eight weeks was no longer significant when we excluded studies with high-risk of bias (five trials, 1086 children; NNTB 18) and within six months after the start of the trial. It should, however, be noted that there was no significant difference in the number of children who had an acute ear infection within four or eight weeks. The impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing is uncertain. Furthermore, we found no data on other important outcomes such as speech and language development, cognitive development, and overall well-being. Even in situations where clear and relevant benefits have been demonstrated, these must always be carefully balanced against adverse effects and the emergence of bacterial resistance. This has specifically been linked to the widespread use of antibiotics for common conditions such as ear infections.
Twelve studies were included, nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three before and after studies. Pooling of the seven RCTs in patients with type 1 diabetes resulted in a non-significant reduction in the decline of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of 0.1 ml/min/month (95% CI -0.1 to 0.3) in the LPD group. For type 2 diabetes, one trial showed a small insignificant improvement in the rate of decline of GFR in the protein-restricted group and a second found a similar decline in both the intervention and control groups. Actual protein intake in the intervention groups ranged from 0.7 to 1.1 g/kg/day. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. Because of the variability amongst patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We identified a total of 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. Within the subgroup of predominantly mild brain injury,'strong evidence' suggested that most individuals made a good recovery when appropriate information was provided, without the need for additional specific interventions. For moderate to severe injury, there was evidence that more intensive rehabilitation programmes are associated with earlier functional gains, and that continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. 'Strong evidence' supports the use of a milieu-oriented model for patients with severe brain injury in which comprehensive cognitive rehabilitation takes place in a therapeutic environment and involves a peer group of patients. 'Limited evidence' shows that specialist in-patient rehabilitation and specialist multi-disciplinary community rehabilitation may provide additional functional gains but studies serve to highlight the particular practical and ethical restraints imposed on randomisation of severely affected individuals for whom no realistic alternatives to specialist intervention are available. Problems following ABI vary. Consequently, different interventions and combinations of interventions are required to meet the needs of patients with different problems. Patients who present acutely to hospital with mild-to-moderate brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate- to-severe ABI benefit from routine follow up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Intensive intervention appears to lead to earlier gains in functional recovery, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. Patients discharged from in-based rehabilitation benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has yet to be determined. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic longitudinal cohort studies conducted in clinical practice.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) comparing full mother-infant rooming-in versus partial mother-child separation. This trial compared four groups with a factorial design. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control (separate care) and we analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. There was no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding at six months of age. The median duration of any breastfeeding was reported by authors as median values because the distribution was found to be skewed. They reported the overall median duration to be four months, with no difference between groups. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was 8.3 (standard deviation (SD) 2.2), slightly higher than the separate care group, i.e. seven times per day. However, the between-group comparison of this outcome was not appropriate since every infant in the group receiving separate care was breastfed at a fixed schedule (SD = 0) resulting in no estimable comparison. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was significantly higher in the roomed-in group 86% (99 of 115) compared with 45% (17 of 38). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in versus separate care. Further well-designed RCTs are needed.
This review identified eight randomised controlled trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment, indicating a significantly lower rate of death and dependency in the sanchi group than in the control group. Data were limited in respect to stroke recurrence and quality of life. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that participants probably had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. Sanchi appears to be beneficial and safe for acute ischaemic stroke in this review, but the small sample and inferior quality of studies prevented a definite conclusion.
This review of 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) found that there is not enough evidence to determine whether there are any advantages or disadvantages of immediate, immediate-delayed or delayed implant placement. There is a suggestion that immediate implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants but on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction. There was not enough reliable evidence supporting or refuting the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets or whether any of the augmentation techniques is superior to the others.
The aim of this review was to assess the efficacy and safety of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. We found only two small randomised controlled trials, one of which compared PBT1 with placebo and the other with a newer drug, PBT2. There was no significant difference in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognition (ADAS-Cog)) between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. However, there was a significant improvement in executive function component tests of the NTB, which showed that after 12 weeks this drug appeared to be safe and well tolerated. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation (participants in the treatment group had a higher mean pre-morbid IQ) and the secondary analyses of results stratified by baseline dementia severity. The planned phase III trial of PBT-1 has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development. The second trial was more rigorously conducted.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. Two trials specifically included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in PAH. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and muscle pain. There were no significant differences in the number of deaths between those treated with or without PDE- inhibitors and those on other PAH-specific therapy. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate due to imprecision of effect and heterogeneity across trials.
We included 22 randomised controlled trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injections of local anaesthesia. The quality of the evidence was high for the comparison of multiple injections versus single injections, but the quality of evidence for the other comparisons was high. We found evidence that multiple-injection techniques using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections. Otherwise there were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. The time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injection (MD 3.33 minutes, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.76 to 3.90) and double injections (MD 1.54 minutes; however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery).
We found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. We recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's asthma and closely following growth.
This review found that APD has not been shown to have significant advantages over CAPD in terms of important clinical outcomes. APD may however be considered advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education due to its psychosocial advantages.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS) and progression/relapse (SM) in patients with early stage (I-II) HD. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) separately. This effect, also seen in AL and ST separately, was due directly to first-line treatment.  Data were insufficient to compare RT to CT. SM was better with CRT for early stages only. SM risk was higher after CRT but not significant in early stages alone. For advanced stages, CRT seems to be better than CT for preventing progression and relapse but CT alone seems to cause less SM.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy. Reduced SM risk after IF-RT instead of EF-RT could not be demonstrated. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty-five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k"] = 12, n = 3040), transdermally, or intrathecally. Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI): 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [ 95% CI: 4% to 27.0%]; and intrathecal: 8.9%). Many participants stopped taking opioids because of side effects or insufficient pain relief, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Findings regarding quality of life and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for intrathecular studies. All three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but how much pain relief is clinically significant depends on the type of study. Many minor side effects (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious side effects, including iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of participants in the studies that reported that outcome.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 (standard range 11.6 to 58.6) years) in the placebo group. This trial compared anabolic steroids (20 mg/day, administered orally) with placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. There was very low-certainty evidence on complete ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide 95% confidence interval (CI) range, which spanned both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spine cord injury patients). Thus, we are uncertain whether the use of anabolic corticosteroids improves or reduces the complete healing. We assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low due to the small number of participants included in the trial and the wide range of results. We are also uncertain about the risk of serious adverse events reported in participants treated with anabolic steroid compared with placebo, as none were classed by the trial teams as being related to treatment. The trial stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) of the study authors showed no benefit over placebo for the treatment. There were no data on pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. Overall the evidence in this study was of very low quality. This means that we have very limited confidence in the results. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared it to usual care. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail (OR 0.93; 95% CI 0.69 to 1.24). Results were inconclusive for patient or caregiver behaviours and actions. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. All nine trials included the conversion of a positive to a negative Dix-Hallpike test as an outcome measure. Pooled data identified a significant difference from the addition of postural restrictors in the frequency of conversion of BPPV from positive to negative when compared to the manoeuvre alone. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients compared to 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a negative to a positive test (risk ratio (RR) 1.13, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.22, P = 0.002). No serious adverse effects were reported. However, three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal bPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. No evidence of benefit was found of mastoid oscillation applied during the Eley manoeuvres, or of additional steps in the manoeuvres. No side effects were observed. There is evidence supporting a statistically significant effect of post-elevation of the head of the neck (postural restrictions) in comparison to the use of postures alone for the treatment of vertigo. However it is important to note that this small improvement only highlights a small improvement in treatment efficacy. The addition of a postural restriction does not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised.
This review included four studies with a total of 231 participants. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, 109 participants); (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87 participants); and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid). All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. As the overall evidence is of very low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem, which has significant implications for quality of life and healthcare service usage, is justified.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of709 participants. Seven trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared the same foods in combination with other nutrients/factors with other foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on zinc deficiency. In comparison 2, participants consuming foods fortified with zinc versus participants consuming the same food without zinc had similar risk of underweight and stunting (low-quality evidence). A single trial of adding zinc to iron in wheat flour did not find a reduction in the proportion of participants with zinc deficiency (very low quality evidence). No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We found that foods fortified in combination of other nutrients may increase the serum or plasma zinc levels compared to foods without added zinc. However, if zinc is added to food in combination, it may make little or no difference to the serum zinc status. We did not identify any adverse effects of fortifying foods with iron or zinc on other outcomes including zinc deficiency, children’s growth, cognition, work capacity of adults, or on haematological indicators. Given the small number of trials and participants in each trial, further investigation of these outcomes is required. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included trials were small and had some methodological flaws.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that men treated with non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy compared with medical or surgical castration monotherapy for advanced prostate cancer were less likely to live for more than one year, to experience clinical progression or to experience treatment failure, and to experience side effects such as breast pain, gynaecomastia, fatigue, loss of sexual interest and urinary frequency when compared with castration alone. The risk of treatment discontinuation due to side effects was increased. The quality of evidence was moderate for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure. Evidence quality was rated as moderate for other adverse events, such as hot flashes, haemorrhage (blood in the urine), nocturia (night sweats), fatigue, fatigue and loss of interest in sex. Further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results of this review.
We found eight randomised controlled trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.02); four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction (RR of 0.75) in the number of women who died of breast cancer. The RR for all seven trials combined was 0.81. We found that breast cancer deaths was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The trials with inadequate randomisation found no effect of screening on total cancer mortality or on all-cause mortality after 10 years. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy (data available in only two trials). If we assume that screening reduces the risk of death from breast cancer by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one woman will avoid dying of cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 522 women in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units hCG priming compared to no priming, and one study investigated 20,000 unit hCG compared to 10.000 units priming. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. We found no conclusive evidence that priming had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCG may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of priming and the optimal dose and timing.
In total, 24 trials were included, but only 16 (10,114 women) had analysed data. There is good evidence that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. Results from smaller trials assessing effects on individual cognitive domains mostly reported no evidence of benefit. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these uncertainties by the year 2010. In the meantime, based on the available evidence, ERT cannot be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or maintenance in women without cognitive impairment.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 participants. Included studies enrolled participants with both partially reversible and non-reversible COPD and baseline mean per cent predicted forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV₁) of 43.4 to 49.6. They used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. Compared to the TIO arm, we found no statistically significant differences between the two inhalers for the following outcomes: death, COPD exacerbation (requiring short-burst oral corticosteroids or antibiotics, or both): OR 0.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.02 to 1.73, 880 people (deaths reported only in the LAMA arm), very low-quality evidence; COPD flare-up (requiling of COPD); pneumonia: reported in both studies only during treatment: OR 6.12, 95-CI 0.73 to 51.24, 8 80 participants; and total serious adverse events (OR 0.96, 95 % confidence interval 0.50 to 1). None of the pneumonias were fatal. We found no differences between ICS and LAMA for other outcomes, including St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) mean total score change; hospital admissions (all-cause); disease-specific adverse events; mean weekly rescue medication use (results available from only one of the studies); and mean weekly percentage of rescue-free days for FF orVI. Many pooled estimates lacked precision. Data for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to intubation and physical activity measures were not available in included trials. The short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty. Further trials of longer duration are needed. Current evidence is not strong enough to demonstrate important differences between inhalers in terms of effects, nor to establish that once-daily ICS or LAMA inhalers are equivalent. However, the current review is based on only two trials with the main focus on primary outcomes other than those considered in this review.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 169 participants, that evaluated the efficacy and safety of CBT and SRIs for the treatment of patients with BDD. Results from the small number of available RCTs suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating BDD, but the findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well as a range of psychological therapy approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available.
This review of trials found that cotrimoxazole desensitization resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV-infected patients who had a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Further randomised controlled trials are urgently needed.
We included in the review three trials enrolling 148 neonates. We identified no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment based on the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of NICU stay, adequacy of analgesia according to PIPP scores and poor neurological outcomes by 28 days' postnatal age. Each study showed a statistically significantly higher sedation level in the midazolam group compared with the placebo group. However, none of the sedation scales used in these trials have been validated in preterm infants; therefore, we could not ascertain the effectiveness of this drug in this population. Duration of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) was significantly longer in two studies (89 infants). One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores (PIPI) scores in the group of infants receiving midazolate during infusion of dextrose (placebo) infusion. Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of adverse neurological events (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) at 28 days of age (death or grade IVH/IVH/PVL) in the morphine group (RR 7.64, 95% CI 1.02 to 57.21; RD 0.07 to 0.49). We considered the quality of the evidence to be moderate for all outcomes.
Twelve trials involving 767 participants were included. There is no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotic treatment for NTS. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotics.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) assessing the accuracy of interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. The SROC curve showed a great dispersion in individual studies accuracy estimates (21 studies, 3650 adult patients), therefore the considerable heterogeneity in the collected data prevented us from calculating formal accuracy estimates. Using a fixed prevalence of 50% and a fixed specificity of 74%, we found a sensitivity of 66% (95% confidence interval 60 to 72). If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of a fever with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have septicaemia. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of the review once they are fully published and evaluated.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in this review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. All studies except one were at an unclear or high risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification; five trials included people undergoing what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery; and the remaining studies including people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures. The review contains 11 comparisons in total. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to the small number of studies and imprecision. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysed data below: - film dressing compared with basic dressing following clean surgery; very low certainty evidence downgraded once for risk of biased and twice for imprecise. - silver-containing dressings compared with simple wound contact dressings following potentially contaminated surgery; we downgraded the quality of the evidence to very low, mainly because of the small numbers of studies, the poor reporting of study details, and because there was uncertainty about the effects of dressing on SSI. We are uncertain whether covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention reduces the risk of surgical wound infections. It is uncertain whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk, improving scarring, reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference.
We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). In the placebo arm, 64 women completed the trial, 41 of whom completed an EPDS. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (DHA) with placebo. This study randomised 126 women at risk of postpartum depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Women received supplements or placebo from recruitment at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks until their final review visit six to eight weeks after birth. Women who were found to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideation or schizophrenia at recruitment were excluded. The women who discontinued the intervention were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postnatal depression.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated different durations of anthracycline infusion in people with solid tumours or leukaemias. Seven studies evaluated different infusion durations (803 participants), and four evaluated different peak doses (5280 participants). We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of clinical heart failure compared to a shorter infusion duration (5 studies; 557 participants). A significant difference in the occurrence of heart failure was identified in none of the studies. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumour types. For different peak dose durations, we identified two RCTs addressing a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 versus 60 mg-m2 or more, one RCT addressing a liposomal (liposomal) dose of 25 mg/ml2 versus 50 mg-ml2, and one trial addressing a dose of 83 mg/km2 versus 110 mg-km2. We found no significant difference between the two peak doses. Only one trial was available for the other identified peak doses, so we can make no definitive conclusions about the incidence of cardiotoxicity. There is only a small amount of data for children and data obtained in adults cannot be extrapolated to children. Since there is a lack of high-quality research in children and adults, we cannot make any conclusions on the effect of different peak durations.
We included 37 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3110 participants in this review. Nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included during the 2017 update. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported data for mortality, 31 studies reported information for unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 studies reported pneumonia. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform meta-analysis. Despite a large number studies, there remains no high-quality evidence that low-temperature treatment is beneficial in the treatment of people with traumatic brain injury. Heterogeneity was evident both in the trial designs and participant inclusion. Inconsistencies in results may be explained by heterogeneity among study participants or bias introduced by individual study methodology. We did not explore this in detail in subgroup or sensitivity analyses. Studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately.
The purpose of this review was to assess the effectiveness of family therapy in the treatment of depression. Three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression, were identified. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, the overall quality of the evidence was limited or conflicting, except for moderate evidence (level 2), based on the non-combined findings from three studies, indicating that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. The current evidence base is too heterogeneous and sparse to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness of the family therapy approach. At this point, use of psychological interventions for depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy.
Three trials involving a total of 206 participants were included, all patients with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. Due to the low methodological quality of included trials, small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of Duxil for the treatment of dementia. High-quality and large-scale randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 960 participants. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which reduces the reliability of the evidence. The OR for seroma formation was 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23 to 0.91, P = 0.03) in favour of a reduced incidence of seroma in participants with drains inserted. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative seroma aspirations were found in the drained population in two trials including 212 participants. No significant difference in infection rates was observed. The average difference in length of hospital stay, reported in four trials consisting of 600 participants, was 1.47 days greater in participants who had drains inserted after axillary lymphadenectomy. The incidence of lymphoedema was noted, with only six instances reported in three trials of 360 participants, nor was any significant difference between groups in the incidence of haematoma observed. There were no significant differences in the number of post-operative aspirations in the three trials including 519 participants. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain reduces the odds of developing a seroma, and reduces the need for further surgery. These benefits should be balanced against an increased length of time spent in hospital.
Eight studies with 390,769 participants were included. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The methodological quality was measured using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). The three prospective cohort studies were of high methodological quality, and two were of medium quality. The results form the studies assessing associations between flavonoids, colorectal cancer and adenomas were contradictory. The evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was conflicting. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from two studies suggested that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols reduced the risk of both colon cancer and colon cancer adenoma. A statistically significant reduced risk of colon cancer was found with high intake of epicatechin. There was also evidence to support that higher intake of procyanidin, phytoestrogen and anthocyanin could reduce the incidence of colon neoplasms. However, there was no evidence that suggested that high intake had an inverse association with colon cancer. It is difficult to determine flavonoid intake. Therefore, more evidence is needed.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, extension of the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response according to both definitions (71/217 (32.7%) versus 52/194 (26.8%). and 265/499 (53.1%) versus 207/496 (41.7%). with a risk difference of 0.11 and calculated number needed to treat of nine. The end of treatment response was not significantly different between the two treatment groups. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions. The length of treatment did not significantly affect the adherence (247/279 (88.5%) versus 252/274 (92.0%); RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.07, P = 0.42, I2 = 69%, 3 trials). In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the groups. There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. The observed intervention effects can be due to both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance).
Only two studies (34 participants) met the inclusion criteria of this systematic review. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic cancers. There was low concerns about applicability for most domains in both studies. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study. The mean probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectable cancer on laparotomy) and the summary estimate of sensitivity of the EUS for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97). There was no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have cancer on CT scan. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of the test EUS as a diagnostic tool in people who have cancer that has spread beyond the pancreas. The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 and 0.2 respectively. At the mean pre-test probability of 60% for people with a positive EUS (EUS indicating that the cancer has spread to the stomach) and 86.9% after the test, respectively, there was no difference between the two groups of people who had a positive and negative EUS. This means that 13% of people in the positive group have potentially invasive cancer and 20% (5% to 53%) in the negative group. There is no evidence that EUS is of benefit in the treatment of people with cancer of the eye or the brain.
We identified 34 studies (involving a total of 2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared medical interventions and commercial products with each other or with conventional lid hygiene measures, such as warm compresses and eyelid margin washing. There was no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blephritis. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margins for anterior blepharyngitis. Lid hygiene may provide symptom-reducing relief for anterior and posterior blephareitis. The effectiveness of other treatments, including topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. Commercial products are marketed to consumers and prescribed to patients without substantial evidence of effectiveness. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed for at least one year to assess chronic outcomes properly.
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. There is insufficient evidence from high-quality randomised controlled trials to determine whether photodynamic therapies alter the course of disease or provide an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis. Multicentre randomised clinical trials with appropriate sample sizes and long-term follow-up are required to evaluate whether this treatment is of benefit. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms, voice quality and quality of life should be measured in future trials.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the reference test was not clear. Eleven studies evaluated accuracy of CE-CDUS. This review demonstrates that both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity. In an endoleak surveillance programme CE- CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive and the subsequent therapeutic management. When regression testing was applied to the individual based CDUS studies, none of the items, namely direction of the study design, quality, and age, were identified as a source of heterogeneity. Sensitivity estimates were higher in the studies published before 2006 than in studies published in 2006 or later.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants, which compared sterile water with saline water, subcutaneous injections, or both. The evidence is current to September 2015. All studies reported on low back pain in labour only. Methodological quality was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. Two studies reported that more women treated with sterile water would request the same analgesia in future. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, mothers' satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with the sterile water. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain during labour.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1932 participants in this review. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies compared glue versus sutures for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain in the short term compared with suture. However, the results changed when we looked at the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the glue group compared with the suture group. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. Fixation with glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. We also investigated adverse events. For superficial wound infection, we found no significant difference between the groups. Furthermore, we investigated swelling caused by fluid and persisting numbness. Finally, six trials involving 1009 participants reported postoperative length of stay, resulting in non-significant difference between groups. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and biological glue. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all outcomes. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk of bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references, but no difference was seen in the quality of abstracts in one study. Providing instructions to authors to report on their ethical requirements was associated by two studies with improved reporting of ethics requirements and less errors in references in two other studies. Structuring improved the overall quality of the abstracts, but increased their length. The reference accuracy studies showed a median citation error rate of 38% and a median quotation error rate (error) of 20%. Surprisingly few studies have evaluated the effects of technical editing rigorously. However there is some evidence that the ‘package’ of technical edited used by biomedical journals does improve papers. A substantial number of references in biomedical articles are cited or quoted inaccurately.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported results for treatment periods separately. Twelve studies used codeine as a single agent and three combined it with paracetamol. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. There were insufficient data for any pooled analysis. Only two studies reported our preferred responder outcome of 'participants with at least 50% reduction in pain' and two reported no worse than mild pain'. Eleven studies reported treatment group mean measures of pain intensity or pain relief; overall for these outcome measures, codeine or codeine plus paracetamicol was numerically superior to placebo and equivalent to the active comparators. Adverse event reporting was poor: only two studies were able to report the number of participants with any adverse event specified by treatment group and only one had any serious adverse events. In multiple-dose studies nausea, vomiting and constipation were common, with somnolence and dizziness frequent in the 21-day study. Withdrawal from the studies, where reported, was less than 10% except in two studies. Three deaths, in all cases due to the underlying cancer, were reported. We identified only a small amount of data in studies that were both randomised and double-blind. Studies were small, of short duration, and most had significant shortcomings in reporting.
We included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, in this review. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The heterogeneity of the included trials, which encompasses setting, inclusion and exclusion criteria, interventional method and time of assessment, ranged from 'not important' to'moderate to substantial' for different review outcomes. The overall risk of bias was low for selective reporting, unclear for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of participants and blinding of outcome assessment. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in a sensitivity analysis. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial of 20 families, also showed an improvement. The effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. There were two primary outcomes related to the effectiveness of educational programs on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related morbidity. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs or symptoms leading to self-management. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and showed no evidence of an effect, mean difference 0.33 (95% confidence interval -0.57 to 1.23, moderate quality evidence). With regard to the review's secondary outcomes, depression showed a statistically significant decline in intervention groups, with a mean difference of 0.66 points. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of the evidence was moderate for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. This review identifies important positive effects of educational interventions on improving patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression, and on maintaining knowledge for longer than for caregivers. Significant factors limiting these effects could be trials being under powered as well as attrition rates. Effects were not statistically significant in assessments of other outcomes, possibly due to the paucity of the number of trials and patients and caregivers. Trials showed moderate to high heterogeneity which might impact the results. To better study effects on outcomes, further controlled trials are needed with rigorous attention given to improve recruitment and retention and to decrease bias. Predetermined protocols using similar measurements should be used across multiple sites.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures, and the other five trials included people with focal onset seizures only. None of the studies included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were of short duration. We found that people taking brivaracetam add-on were more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those taking placebo, and they were also more likely than people taking placebo to achieve seizure freedom. The incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of participants experiencing one or more adverse events, was not significantly different following treatment with brivar acetam compared to placebo. However, participants receiving brivaractam did appear to be significantly less likely to withdraw from treatment specifically because of adverse events compared with those receiving placebo. It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included people who had generalised epilepsy. Consequently, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents. Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply (moderate confidence) and tailored to their situation (low confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them (high confidence). Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions. Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. Further research, especially in rural and low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen evidence for the findings where we had low or very low confidence.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (RR 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.51 to 0.97; 1 RCT, 40 participants; very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were also no differences in overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies or TAU. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. Larger RCTs of longer treatment duration and follow-up are needed.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to either silicon oil or perfluropropane gas. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. In participants with RD associated with PVR, outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy and infusion of silicone oil appeared comparable for a broad variety of cases. There were no significant differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of the proportion of participants achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. The first two trials did not perform any sample size calculation or power detection. In the third trial, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, participants treated with silicone oil received significantly more favourable outcomes than did participants who received sulfasalic acid at both one year and two years. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. All three trials appear to be free of reporting bias. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only one of the third trials masked outcome assessors to the outcomes of the trial. The trials were funded by the National Eye Institute. The use of either silicon dioxide gas or silicone oil appears reasonable for most patients with RD related to PVR. The choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. Heavy silicone oil, which is not available for routine clinical use in the United States, was not shown to be superior to silicone oil in the three trials. Adverse events were not reported for the first two studies. For the third study, only the total number of adverse events was reported, and adverse events for each group were not specified. Because there do not seem to be any major differences in outcomes between the two agents, the choice of the two products should be based on the individualized preferences of the patient.
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) comparing planned early delivery versus planned late delivery for women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy after 34 weeks' gestation. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. There was a lower risk of composite maternal mortality and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early birth (evidence graded high). There were no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. Planned early delivery was associated with less risk of HELLP syndrome and severe renal impairment (one study). There was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on composite infant mortality (two studies, 1459 infants). We observed a high level of heterogeneity between the two studies in this analysis, so we did not pool data in meta-analysis. We found no clear difference between groups for caesarean section (four studies, 1728 women) or in the duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby (mean difference (MD) -0.16 days, 95% confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm). The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal deaths and morbidity), moderate (cochrane-quality evidence) or low (evidence from two studies, 1511 infants). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly because of the confidence intervals being wide.
Six randomised controlled trials (including 142 participants) were eligible for inclusion in this review. Two studies compared three-times-a-week prophylactic administration with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. Pooled results from these two studies showed a rate ratio of 0.30 (95% confidence interval; 0.12 to 0.76) for all bleedings and 0.22 for joint bleedings favouring proprophylaxis. Results on the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up were not pooled due to significant heterogeneity in the results. Three of the remaining four studies evaluated haemophilia A; one showed a statistically significant decrease in the frequency of joint bleeds with proprecylaxis compared to placebo, with a rate difference of 10.73 bleeds per year. The other two studies compared two proprectylactic regimens, failing to demonstrate an advantage of one regimen over the other in terms of bleeding frequency. The fourth study evaluated hemophiliac B and showed fewer joint bleings with weekly (15 IU/kg) versus bi-weekly (7.5 IU per kg) proprothymic clotting factor concentrates. Non-significant increases in both inhibitor and infectious complications were observed, which occurred more often when using long-term venous access.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. In total, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant. This review highlights a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions.
Two studies involving 447 RhD negative women were included in this review. The studies compared IM and IV administration of anti-D prophylaxis. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this uncommon outcome. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. The number of included studies and the number of participants are not enough to assess whether there are any differences. Anti-D can be administered by IM or IV injection. The choice of the route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences.
This review included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. Five included studies compared clopidogrel with aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or with aspirin and aspirin alone, and one study compared a drug combination with aspirin to aspirin alone. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences for death from any cause, vascular deaths or heart attack. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes participants). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (11.2% versus 11.3%) for ADP receptor antagonists versus other antiplatelet drugs. There were no data available from any of the trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for diabetes, or costs. Overall the risk of bias of the included trials was low.
We included 10 trials with a total of 191 participants in this review. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, and one evaluated six-week interventions and one a three-month intervention. Six trials (151 participants) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's primary outcomes (quality of life). Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that people with cystic fibrosis may be able to clear their sputum more easily with the use of nasal masks and people may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that using nasal masks or mouthpipes increased the number of people who expectorate (sputum in their lungs) during sleep, but it did improve some lung function parameters. One trial (13 participants) evaluating non- invasive ventilation on exercise capacity reported that one participant could not tolerate an increase in inspiratory positive airway pressure and one participant did not tolerate the nasal mask, one participant developed a pneumothorax when breathing room air and two participants experienced aerophagia which resolved when inspiratory negative airways pressure was decreased. The trial found no clear differences between the two types of ventilation for any of our outcomes. No clear differences were found for exercise performance compared with oxygen or room air except for exercise, which significantly improved with non-inspective ventilation compared to room air over six weeks. Due to the small numbers of participants and statistical issues, there were discrepancies in the results between the RevMan and the original trial analyses. The impact of this therapy on pulmonary exacerbations and disease progression remains unclear. Most trials had a low risk of bias with regard to incomplete outcome data and selective reporting. In most of the included trials we judged there was an unclear risk of blinding due to inadequate descriptions of how participants were allocated to the treatment groups. The six week trial was the only one judged to have a low-risk of bias for all other domains. It is only possible to blind participants to which treatment they were receiving. One single intervention trial was judged to be at a low level of bias due to the way in which it was conducted. The remaining trials were judged at an unclear level due to incomplete reporting of study methods.
We included seven studies on 245 people with stable COPD in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients had no consistent clinically or statistically significant effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, lung function, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. However, we cannot exclude an effect that is clinically significant (considering that the minimal clinically difference on 6MWD is around 26 m). There were no significant improvements in blood gases, respiratory muscles strength or lung function after 12 months of use of nocturnal-NIPPV.
We found four randomised controlled trials, involving 1190 women, that compared induction of labour for suspected macrosomia to expectant management. Induction of labour did not appear to reduce the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There were no clear differences between groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was no strong evidence of any difference between groups in measures of neonatal asphyxia, low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or low arterial cord blood pH (two trials, low quality evidence). Mean birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was considerable variation between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in women who received induction. The unexpected observation of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. Findings from trials included in the review suggest that to prevent one fracture it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 women. Since induction does not seem to alter the rate of cesareans or instrumental deliveries, it is likely to be popular with many women. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses suspected of being macrosomic should be discussed with parents. Although some parents and doctors may feel the evidence already justifies induction, others may justifiably disagree. Many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed. Nevertheless, induction results in a lower mean birthweight, and fewer birth fractures and shoulder dystocia.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials involving 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in 19 trials had vitamin D adequacy (at or above 20 ng/mL). Participants in the remaining 26 trials had insufficient vitamin D. Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together (5,920/47,472 participants; 12.5% versus 6,077/47-814 participants; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.94 to 0.99). Vitamin D2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. A subgroup analysis of trials at high risk of bias suggested that vitamin D2 may even increase mortality, but this finding could be due to random errors. Trial sequential analysis supported our finding regarding vitamin D3, with the cumulative Z-score breaking the trial sequential monitoring boundary for benefit, corresponding to 150 people treated over five years to prevent one additional death. When different forms of vitamin D were assessed in separate analyses (4,153/37,817 participants; 11.0%) vs 4,340/38,110 participants; 75,927 participants; 38 trials), only vitamin D had a statistically significant effect on mortality (4% versus 11.4%). Vitamin D3 alone or in combination with calcium increased the risk of neoplastic (cancer) mortality. We did not observe any statistically significant differences in the effect of the vitamin D on mortality in subgroup analyses of trials using placebo (a pretend treatment) compared with trials using no intervention in the control group; of trials with no risk of industry bias (compared with trials with industry bias); of trials assessing primary prevention versus trials assessing secondary prevention; of studies including participants with vitamin D levels less than or equal to the level at entry; of clinical trials including ambulatory participants compared with studies including institutionalised participants; or of studies using a dose below 800 IU per day compared with clinical trials using doses above 800IU per day; and of trials including only women compared with only men. All trials were conducted in high-income countries.
This review found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can achieve statistically significant weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common with ormostat; tremor, somnolence and sweating with fluoxets; and palpitations with sibutsramine. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, were available on other drugs and a significant decrease in weight was noted in three studies of mazindol, one of phenmetrazine, and two of phentermine. No studies were identified that fit inclusion criteria for pseudoephedrine, ephedra, sertraline, yohimbine, amphetamine or its derivatives, bupropion, topiramate, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, and bromocriptine. There is a paucity of data on weight loss or control in persons with type 2 diabetes.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing VGB with CBZ in a total of 734 people with epilepsy. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extracting aggregate data to synthesise the results as originally planned, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those chosen for this review. Data are currently insufficient to address the risk-benefit balance of VGB versus CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. Given the high prevalence of visual field defects reported in an existing systematic review of observational studies (Maguire 2010), VGB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy and should not be considered a first-line choice. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Future research should focus on investigating the reasons for vision field defects and exploring potential prevention strategies. Moreover, future monotherapy studies of epilepsy should report results according to the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and methodological quality should be improved.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the addition of plerixafor to a G-CSF mobilisation regimen. However, two of these trials closed early due to low recruitment and did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both studies, the experimental group received G-Cochrane Graft-Controlled-Cell-Transfusion (GCSF) plus plerizafor and the control group received a placebo (pretend treatment). The evidence is current to September 2015. We found no evidence for differences between the plerxafor group and the placebo group regarding survival at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection (high-quality evidence). Regarding the outcome successful stem cell collection, the meta-analysis showed an advantage for those participants randomised to the group (600 participants; RR 2.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.98 to 2.96; P < 0.00001). As there was high heterogeneity between studies for the number of transplanted participants, we did not meta-analyse these data. In the multi-myeloma study, 95.9% (142 participants) in the GCSF arm and 88.3% in the placebo arm underwent transplantation; in the other trial, 90.4% (82 participants) could be transplanted. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival. The results of the analysed data suggest that the use of additional pleraxafor leads to more stem cells being collected in a shorter time. There was not enough evidence to determine whether the extra pleroxafor affects survival or adverse events. Due to the unpublished RCTs, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. Cones were better than no active treatment (rate ratio (RR) for failure to cure incontinence 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.76 to 0.94). There was little evidence of difference for a subjective cure between cones and pelvic floor muscle training (PFMT), or between cones plus electrostimulation (EP), but the confidence intervals were wide. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at economic outcomes. Seven of the included trials recruited women with symptoms of urine leakage, while the others required women with urine leakage from the urethra, apart from one where the inclusion criteria was uncertain. This review provides some evidence that weighted vaginal cones are better than not active treatment in women with SUI. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
We included 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) in this review. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. The evidence is current to September 2015. The effect of self-watchful self-management plus education on TTR was uncertain compared with usual care. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with the usual care group. The effects of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care, but the quality of the evidence was low. This review demonstrates that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of educational or behavioural interventions on the TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. Thus, more trials are needed. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
Seventy randomised controlled trials (11,487 women) are included in this review. In this update seven new trials (778 women) have been added. Two of these new trials compare prostaglandin E2 with no treatment, four compare different PGE2 formulations (gels versus tablets, or sustained release pessaries) and one trial compares PGF2a with placebo. The majority of trials were at unclear risk of bias for most domains. Prostaglandins probably increase the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, they increase uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart changes but do not effect or may reduce caesarean section rates. They increase the likelihood of cervical change, with no increase in operative delivery rates. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain.
The review of trials found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has similar effects to incubator care with regard to temperature control and weight gain. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further using randomised controlled trials. This is especially the case in developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gum chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings. Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review, however, we considered the evidence to be low quality. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies.
We included three trials, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The trials were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women who received proton pump inhibitors. Prostaglandin administration resulted in less need for manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage (blood loss), need for blood transfusion and the mean time from injection to placental removal (minutes) except for'shivering'. The included studies were of low quality and the evidence is limited, very low-quality. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP (for less ill babies) and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker babies). For this update, we included no new trials. In preterm infants with respiratory distress, the application of CDP as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced respiratory failure and mortality and an increased rate of pneumothorax. Four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. Meta analysis of two studies indicated that foam dressings do not promote the healing of diabetic foot ulcers compared with basic wound contact dressings. Pooled data from two studies comparing foam and alginate dressing found no statistically significant difference in ulcer healing (RR 1.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.92 to 2.44). There was no difference between foam and hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings in terms of the number of people who had a foot ulcer that healed. There is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing ulcers in people with diabetes than other types of dressing however all trials in this field are very small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as dressing cost and the wound management properties offered by each dressing type e.g. exudate management.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. The trials showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher proportion of participants with pain relief, both at middle/long-term follow-up (two to five years: risk ratio (RR) 1.62, 95% CI 1.22 to 2.15) and long-term (≥ five years, RR 1.56) of patients with chronic pancreatitis and dilated pancreatic duct. No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgery group and 15 in the conservative group. This trial showed that surgery resulted in better pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function than conservative treatment. The trial had methodological limitations and was relatively small. This review shows that surgery is superior to endoscopy for pain relief. Morbidity and mortality seem not to differ between the two intervention modalities, but the small trials identified do not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome.
Only one randomised controlled trial was identified for inclusion in this review. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. Patients were randomised to either early post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) (n = 415) or delayed (at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of normal bathing) post-operatively. The trial was at a high risk of bias. The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection (SSI). There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of patients who developed SSIs between the two groups (857 patients; RR 0.96; 95% CI 0.62 to 1.48). There is currently no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus delayed postoperative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications, as the confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in SSI by early postoperative bathing cannot be ruled out. We recommend running further randomised clinical trials to evaluate the benefits and harms of showering and bathing after surgery.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The trial had a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. There was no difference between the two groups in the number of people who achieved remission, disability or impairment after one year. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone (low-quality evidence) as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face). We also know from observational studies that corticosteroids carry the long-term risk of serious side effects. Most side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups, but with high-dose monthly oral dexasone moon Facies is probably less common. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We included six studies including a total of 2100 participants in this review. Four studies compared the two types of check-up for oral steroid tapering in severe refractory asthma, and one study compared two different types of remote asthma check-ups. The studies generally recruited people with asthma taking regular medications and excluded those with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) or severe asthma. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up needed oral corticosteroids for an asthma exacerbation than those who were seen face-to-face because the confidence intervals (CIs) were very wide (OR 1.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 7.44; one study; low quality evidence). In one study, 21 people out of 1000 had an asthma flare-up that required oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 (95% CI nine to 139) out of the 1000 for the remote checkup group. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes. There was no difference in asthma control measured by the Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) or in quality of life between the two groups of people. The larger implementation study that compared two general practice populations demonstrated that offering a telephone check up and proactively phoning participants increased the number of people who received a review. However, we do not know whether the additional participants who had their asthma checked out subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes. Current randomised evidence does not demonstrate any important differences in asthma exacerbations, asthma control or quality of the life of people with and their asthma. There is insufficient information to rule out differences in efficacy, or to say whether or not remote checked-ups are a safe alternative to being seen face to-face.
Three out of 16 identified studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 212 participants. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 methodological criteria. The outcome data of the following measures were homogenous and were pooled in a meta-analysis: functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity and pain. The results suggest that the outcome measures all favoured the exercise therapy but none were statistically significant. None of the studies reported negative effects of exercise therapy. Overall, based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) there was no clinically important or statistically significant evidence that exercise therapy can improve functional ability or other physical outcomes. The low number of available RCTs limits the generalisability of this review. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the adverse effects; no short-term detrimental effects were found in any study. The large heterogeneity in outcome measures, as seen in this review, emphasises the need for a standardised assessment or a core set of functional and physical outcome measurements suited for health research to generate evidence about the possible benefits of exercise therapies for patients with JIA.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpat patients and outpat patients, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure) and absent for other outcomes (mortality, length of hospital stay). Analyses show a strong beneficial effect of antibiotics among ICU (inpatients who are admitted to the ICU) patients. Few data are available on the effects of antibiotics on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms, and data show no statistically significant increase in the risk of adverse events with antibiotics compared to placebo. These inconsistent effects call for research into clinical signs and biomarkers that can help identify patients who would benefit from antibiotics, while sparing antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit and for whom downsides of antibiotics (side effects, costs, and multi-resistance multi-drug combinations) are likely to occur.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) that compared whole grain diets to lower whole grain or refined grain diets. We found no studies that reported on total cardiovascular deaths or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. Overall, we found no difference between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol (mean difference 0.07, 95% confidence interval -0.07 to 0.21; 6 studies (7 comparisons); 722 participants; low-quality evidence). Using GRADE, we assessed the overall quality of the available evidence on cholesterol as low. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of whole grain diet on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors (blood lipids, blood pressure, and cholesterol) such as blood cholesterol and blood sugar. Trials were small and had small sample sizes and relatively short-term interventions, and the quality of evidence was low.
This review included 28 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Thirty studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. There was little evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. In 10 studies, the use of a removable type of immobilisation combined with exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. Five studies investigated different rehabilitation interventions after either conservative or surgical orthopaedic management. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short term. There is little and inconclusive evidence on what type of support or immobilisation was the best. There were no evidence of effect for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. One of the studies found no immobilisation improved ankle dorsiflexion and plantarflexion range of motion, but another showed that using a backslab (a piece of metal that supports the ankle in place) improved the range of movement compared with using a bandage (a bandage that covers the whole ankle). There was limited evidence supporting early commencement of weight-bearing and use of removable types of immobilisations to allow exercise. Because of the potential increased risk of adverse events, the patient's ability to comply with the treatment of ankle immobilisation to enable controlled exercise is essential. More trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are required to strengthen current evidence.
Four studies met the inclusion criteria. No single intervention was evaluated by more than one trial. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. Two were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were non-randomised trials. An RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. A second RCT showed that the intervention group had fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control group (85% vs. 92%, respectively), although this difference was not statistically significant. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. Two interventions, an LPV/r-containing regimen and peer support group therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, yet demonstrated greater viral load suppression compared to control groups, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART are needed.
This review found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative pain, based on limited data for at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours. Efficacy of other doses, other efficacy outcomes, and safety and tolerability could not be assessed. No serious adverse events or adverse event withdrawals were reported in these studies.
Six trials were included; three of these trials are new to this update. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted). Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857 women); two trials included women having surgery for prolapsed prolapse and compared it as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone. There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of PFMT on prolapse symptoms and severity. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Two out of three trials, which measured urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing that symptoms were less frequent and there was less bother with symptoms in the women who received PFMT compared to those who did not. The findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no difference in symptom score change between groups, whilst the other found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency with PFMT in the group. Both trials were too small and neither measured prolapse-specific outcomes. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no differences between trial groups in muscle strength, and the second found a benefit for PFMT with stronger muscles. Overall, the evidence is up to date as of April 2013. Further evidence relating to effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of the different intensities of treatment for symptomatic prolapse in the medium and long term is needed. A large trial is needed to give clear evidence about the usefulness of combining these treatments. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle change interventions, and trials aimed at prolapse prevention.
Fourteen trials (1,724 analysed participants or ears) were included in this review. Topical quinolone antibiotics can clear aural discharge better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics; non-quinolone antibiotic effects (without steroids) versus no drug or antiseptic treatment are less clear. Evidence regarding safety was generally weak. Studies were also inconclusive regarding any differences between the two types of antibiotic treatment, although indirect comparisons suggest a benefit of topical treatment cannot be ruled out. Further trials should clarify non-equivalent antibiotic effects, assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include further safety assessments, particularly to clarify the risks of ototoxicity and to clarify whether topical treatment may result in fewer adverse events than other topical treatments.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS differentiated schizophrenia from all other diagnoses with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%) and a specificity of 81.4%. In seven studies, the use of FRS correctly identified people with schizophrenia from non-psychotic mental health disorders with a range of 61.8% (51.7% to 71%) to 94.1% (88% to 97.2%). In sixteen studies, using FRS to diagnose schizophrenia from other types of psychosis, the accuracy of the test was 58% (58% to 65.7%) and the specificity of 74.7%. The synthesis of old studies of limited quality in this review indicates that FRS accurately identifies 75% to 95% of people in every 100 who have schizophrenia. However, around five to 19 out of every 100 people who have FRS will incorrectly diagnose them as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Again, with the sensitivity of 60%, reliance on FRS as a diagnostic aid in triage will not correctly diagnose around 40% (40% to 60%) of people that specialists will consider to have schizophrenia and some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others may be prematurely discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of the FRS. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results, but FRS can still be helpful where newer tests are not available. FRS remain a simple, quick and useful clinical indicator for an illness of enormous clinical variability.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing educational and psychological interventions for children with atopic eczema. There were 2003 participants in 9 educational interventions and 44 participants in the 1 psychological study. All interventions were added to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. Some included studies had methodological weaknesses; for example, we judged four studies to have high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). Our primary outcomes were participant-rated global assessment, reduction in disease severity (reported as objective SCORAD (SCORing Atopic Dermatitis)), and improvement in sleep and quality of life. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant improvement in objective severity and in the children’s quality of lives, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. In three of the five studies, which could not be combined because of differences in the way they were carried out, the results were statistically significantly better in the intervention group compared with the usual care groups. However, in all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2 for the objectiveSCORAD. In the largest study, parents of children aged 8 to 12 years experienced significantly better improvements on 3 of the 5 subscales of the German 'quality of life' questionnaire, a validated tool with five subscales. Parents of children under seven years had significantly better improvement in their children on all five scales. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original review. The educational studies in both the original and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. There is also a need for comparison of educational interventions with stand-alone psychosocial self-help.
Fourteen trials contributed to this review (753 participants). These small trials suggest that for people with LRTI affecting tissues of the head, neck, anus and rectum, HBOT is associated with improved outcome. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. The application of HBOT to selected participants and tissues may be justified. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy. An economic evaluation should be undertaken.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2961 participating surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to the using of sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two studies on caesarean section, two on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. In four studies, surgeons used blunt needles to reduce the number of self-reported needle stick injuries. Because the force needed for the blunt needles is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was high. There is high quality evidence that blunt needles reduce the risk of exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review currently includes seven randomised controlled trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between the two drugs in terms of response to treatment. There was also no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. The quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, so more, newer studies would be needed.
We found nine eligible randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants in total. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from intragastric tube feeding to oral feeding. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain (MD −1.36, 95% CI −2.44 to −0.29 g/kg/day), and provide some evidence that responsive feeds reduce the time taken for infants to transition from enteral tube to oral feeds (MD 5.53, 95%, CI −6.80 to −4.25 days). GRADE assessments indicated low quality of evidence. The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong evidence thatresponsive feeding affects important outcomes for preterm babies or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists that infants fed in response to feeding and satiation cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included studies.
Two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants were included in this review. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One randomised trial showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) compared with placebo. The second trial showed no difference (P non-significant) in ABI between participants receiving a multivitamin B supplement and placebo. No major events were reported. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with data from 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. The authors reported a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm that was incentivised with a fee- for-service payment. However, the study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The second study compared capitation payments (where teeth are restored at a later stage in the disease process in the capitation system) with fees for service payments in a three-year period to assess the impact on primary care dentists’ clinical activity. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes, as assessed using the GRADE approach. Further experimental research in this area is highly recommended given the potential impact of financial incentives on clinical activity, and particular attention should be paid to the impact this has on patient outcome.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. Zinc supplementation resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (16 RCTs; 7637 women). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight (14 trials of 5643 women). No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were evident in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweights. It was low for stillbirth, neonatal death and birthweight. Since the preterm association could well reflect poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in impoverished areas rather than focusing on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation in isolation, should be an urgent priority.
Ten randomised controlled trials (1656 participants) met our inclusion criteria, and pharmaceutical industry funded none of these trials. All trials used probiotics as adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure or relapse rate. The use of probiotics does not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. We found no eligible RCTs for outcomes such as time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness. Low and very low quality evidence shows that, compared with conventional treatment, probiotics could increase the rates of short term clinical cure (five studies, 695 participants) and long term cure (seven studies, 969 participants), and decrease relapse rate (three studies, 388 participants) but this effect was not found to be statistically significant. There is a need for well-designed randomized controlled trials with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The included trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. Two trials were from Germany and Italy which are high-income countries, while four were from upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey; and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a lower-middle-income country. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met our inclusion criteria. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Downgrading of evidence was based on the high risk of bias in six of the seven included trials and a small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in the rate of preterm birth. Treatment of miscarriage with the use of progestogenic drugs compared to placebo or no treatment probably reduces the risk of miscarriage; (risk ratio (RR) 0.64, 95% CI 0.47 to 0.87; 7 trials; 696 participants; moderate-quality evidence). Treatment with oral progestogen compared to no treatment (3 trials; 408 women) probably reduces miscarriage rate; however treatment with vaginal progesterone (4 trials; 288 women). The subgroup interaction test indicated no difference according to route of administration between the oral and vaginal subgroups of progrostone. The evidence on congenital abnormalities is uncertain, because the evidence for this outcome is based on only two small trials with very few events and was found to be of very low quality.
We identified a large number of trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy but only five of these studies were eligible for inclusion in the review, i.e. randomised controlled trials. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one study in the UK and one in Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic eye disease; one trial recruited mainly people with non-proliferative eye disease. At 12 months there was little difference between eyes that received laser treatment and those allocated to no treatment (or deferred treatment), in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity (low quality evidence). Longer term follow-up did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% reduction in loss of vision at five years with laser treatment. Treatment with laser reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic eye problems with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduced risk of progression of disease and a similar reduction in risk of vitreous haemorrhage. None of the studies reported near vision acuity or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. We judged the evidence to be moderate or low quality, depending on the outcome. This is partly related to reporting of trials conducted many years ago, after which panretinal photocompression has become the mainstay of treatment of proliferative eye diseases. Future Cochrane Reviews on variations in the laser treatment protocol are planned.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%). The average age was 65 years. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. Compared to oxygen therapy, CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation, with a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome of 11. There was very low quality evidence that the intervention may also reduce ICU length of stay (mean difference (MD) -1.84 days; 95% CI -3.53 to -0.15). We found no differences for mortality (low quality evidence) and length of hospital stay (low). There was insufficient evidence to be certain that CPAP had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that the treatment may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention (partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2): MD 22.5 mm Hg; pH: MD 0.06). The results of this systematic review did not present data on the following outcomes that we intended to assess: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion, oronasal drying, and patient-ventilator asynchrony. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analysis. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). There is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps delivery. No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity. In terms of secondary outcomes, women receiving diazepapam compared with vinyDan-ether, were significantly less likely to experience vomiting. No significant differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). Neonatal outcomes have largely not been evaluated.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in at least one domain for the remainder. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage. No serious adverse events associated with yoga were reported, but the data on this outcome was limited. RCTs with a large sample size and high methodological and reporting quality are needed to confirm the benefits of yoga for asthma.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data for the reporting of the primary outcome of the review, which was the percentage change in muscle strength score at six months. Trials of interferon beta-1a and methotrexate provided moderate-quality evidence of having no effect on the progression of IBM. Three trials (n = 78) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo, but we were unable to perform meta-analysis because of variations in study analysis and presentation of trial data, with no access to the primary data for re-analysis. Other comparisons were also reported in single trials. An open trial of ATG combined with MTX versus MTX provided very low quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy based on percentage change data given. Data from trials of oxandrolone versus placebo, azathioprine (AZA) combined with AZA versus AZA, and arimoclomol versus placebo did not allow us to report either normalised or percentage change scores. None of the trials included prespecified criteria for significant adverse events. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab are ongoing. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments included in this review were effective. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 3144 participants, comparing linezolid with vancomycin for the treatment of SSTIs caused by MRSA. No new trials were identified for this first update. Linezolid was associated with a significantly better clinical (RR 1.09, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.16) and microbiological cure rate in adults. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two drugs. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in people treated with the drug compared with those treated with intravenous or intramuscularly administered vancomyrcin, however, more people reported thrombocytopenia, nausea and nausea when treated with a single intravenous dose of the drug. It seems, from the available data, that length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the treatment group than in the vancomarcin group. The average length of hospital stay was three days shorter with lineZolid. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral line zolid than intravenous treatment. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes the drug that makes it. Further well-designed, independently-funded RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 512 participants in this review. We found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. Postoperative mortality, overall survival, and morbidity showed no significant differences, except of delayed gastric emptying, which significantly favoured CW. Furthermore, we noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly reduced in the PPW group. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
Six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants were included in this review. The effect of calcium channel blockers on the risk of death was reported in five of the six studies. For the five studies that reported death and severe disability (unfavourable outcome), the pooled OR was 0.97 (95%CI 0.81 to 1.18). In the two studies which reported death in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage (blood clot in the brain) there was no difference between the intervention group and the control group. In the third study there was an increase in adverse reactions, which may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 3090 participants in this review. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be at a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (12.54%). When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year (low-quality evidence), we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either intervention. Owing to the low quality of available evidence, we have been unable to determine conclusively whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
The review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF. More robust data from good quality randomised controlled trials with relevant outcomes are needed.
This review of 53 randomised controlled trials found that family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations in people with schizophrenia. It also seems to improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. Family intervention may also encourage compliance with medication, but it does not seem to affect the tendency of individuals/families to leave care. We did not find data to suggest that the family intervention either prevents or promotes suicide. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings.
We included three randomized controlled trials with 263 participants in this review. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. Two companies manufactured the drug-eluting balloons (Eurocor, Bonn, Germany; Medtronic, Fridley, Minnesota, USA). The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. Most participants were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. Data show no clear differences in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty. The certainty of evidence presented was very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We included seven randomised controlled trials with a total of 922 participants in this review. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. We found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities without resultant serious adverse events (no events, 737 participants) and mortality (915 participants). The duration of fever (mean difference (MD) −1.65 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) −3.31 to 0.00; 2 studies; I² = 88%) and the time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP) to normalise (MD −2.80 days and 1.41 days, respectively) and length of hospital stay. Evidence was considered to be of high quality for the incidence of serious side effects, mortality and time taken for laboratory measurements (e.g. ESR and CRP). Evidence was of moderate quality for duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash) due to potential subjectivity in measurement. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, deaths and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants, of which four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Four studies involved comparisons with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)). Two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. We assessed potential bias (random sequence generation, allocation concealment, incomplete outcome data, selective reporting, blinding of participants and personnel to the outcome assessment, and other bias). Four studies were at low risk of bias in four or more domains. Four of the included studies were conducted in the United States. Five studies did not provide adequate information for assessment of at least one domain (rated as unclear). Six studies contributed data to the PIP versus control comparisons producing 19 meta-analyses of outcomes measured at post-intervention or follow-up, or both, for the primary outcomes of parental depression (both dichotomous and continuous data), measures of parent-child interaction, infant attachment category (secure, avoidant, disorganised, resistant); attachment change (insecure to secure, stable secure, secure to insecure, and stable insecure); infant behaviour and other outcomes (e.g. infant cognitive development). The results favoured neither PIP nor control for incidence of parent depression or parent-reported levels of depression. There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants securely attached, a reduction in the number of infants with an avoidant attachment style, and an increase in the percentage of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment. There was no difference between PIP and control in any of the remaining primary outcomes, or in any other outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all comparisons. For all comparisons, we rated the evidence as low quality.
We found one new included study in this updated review. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). We found no convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken (mean difference (MD) 11% (95% confidence interval (CI) 6% to 17%). Notable heterogeneity occurred among these trials (I2 = 96.3%). Two trials provided data for the proportion of self-reported adherent patients, reporting a reduction in the intervention group which was not statistically significant (odds ratio = 0.89 (CI 0.56 to 1.40)). We conducted meta-analysis on data from two trials assessing the effect of reminder packaging on blood pressure measurements. We found that reminder packaging significantly decreased diastolic blood pressure (MD = 5.89 mmHg (CI -6.70 to -5.09; P < 0.00001) and I2 = 0%). No effect was seen on systolic (MD -1.01, CI -2.22 to 0.20; P = 0). We also conducted the same analysis on two trials that looked at change in glycated haemoglobin levels, although there was considerable heterogeneity. No appropriate data were available for analysis of remaining clinical outcomes, which included serum vitamin C and E levels, and self reported psychological symptoms (one trial each). We reported remaining data narratively. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. In summary, reminder packing may represent a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected conditions. Further research is warranted to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. There was no significant difference in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. Trimetazidine may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high-risk of bias, and the use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatment groups) investigating the effects of treatment-related risk factors on kidney function in adults with cancer. The evidence is current to January 2015. We included 61 studies in this review. The studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The 52 studies evaluating the prevalence of renal dysfunction included 13 different risk factors. The risk of adverse renal effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to diversity of included malignancies, received treatments, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. Seven out of 52 studies, including 244 participants, reported the incidence of chronic kidney disease, which ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of these 52, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) GFR, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in 0.9% to 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased GFR. The majority also reported cisplatin as a risk factor. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer duration of treatment with a longer period of proteinuria, and a higher body mass index (a measure of body weight) as risk factor for high blood pressure. Three non-qualified studies showed that a higher BMI increased the risk of hypertension. Risk factors reported by one eligible study were older age at screening and abdominal radiotherapy. A non-qualifying study also found long follow up time as a long-term risk factor, and three non-equivalent studies found a higher risk of hypomagnesaemia (low white blood cell counts) as a result of treatment. One non-Qualified study investigated the effect of hypophosphataemia or tubular phosphate reabsorption (TPR), or both. Prevalence ranged between 0% and 36.8% in 287 participants, and from 62.5% for impaired TPR in 246 participants. However, studies were contradictory and incomparable. Eleven out of the 52 studies assessed low blood phosphate levels in the urine, but could not find any association between the two risk factors, and four non- Qualified studies did not find a relationship between the risk factors and TPR. In conclusion, it was not possible to draw solid conclusions regarding the occurrence of, and risk factors associated with, specific adverse kidney effects.
Two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® were included in this review. The single trial of Cajanus cajan reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises (low-quality evidence), and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level of anaemia. No serious adverse effects were reported. Currently no conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of the single trial that reported the safety and efficacy of Cuklavit®, based on the published results. Based on these results, phytopharmacological interventions may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cell disease. This needs to be further validated in future trials.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (treatment with radiotherapy only). The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based or standard treatment. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. We found moderate-quality evidence that progression-free survival (PFS) was shorter in individuals with HL and a negative PET scan receiving chemotherapy only (PET- adapteded therapy) than in those receiving additional radiotherapy (standard therapy). More RCTs with longer follow ups may lead to more precise results for AEs, TRM and quality of life, and could evaluate whether this PFS advantage will translate into an overall survival benefit. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. We judged the overall potential risk of bias as moderate. The studies were reported as randomized controlled trials; blinding was not reported, but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. One study was published in abstract form only; hence, it was not possible to assess the quality of the evidence.
We found 31 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different types of birth control pills, injectables, vaginal rings, and implants. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injections, and vaginal rings. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences from levonorgestrel COC were inconsistent. Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower mean fasting glucose and higher means for two-hour glucose response and insulin area under the curve (AUC). Three trials examined the etonogestre vaginal ring and one examined a vaginal implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the group using an injectable. Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five compared oral contraceptives and three compared injectables. One showed the group with nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol had lower means for incremental AUC glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). Two trials compared extended versus conventional (cyclic) regimens. With a dienogest COC, an extended-use group had greater mean change in AUC blood glucose (MD 82.00; 95% CI 10.72 to 153.28). In a COC trial, a group using a depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had higher means than the other two groups for fasting glucose, glucose response, and fasting insulin. Among five recent trials, two examined newer types of hormonal contraceptives with different estrogen types. One study showed the lower-dose group with a lower AUC and lower glucose response had lower glucose, but the obese and normal weight women did not differ significantly. Current evidence suggests no major differences in carbohydrate metabolism between different hormonal contraceptives in women without diabetes. We cannot make strong statements due to having few studies that compared the same types of contraceptives. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. Many of the earlier studies had limited reporting of methods. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. More than half of the trials had very few participants.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) in this review. Nine trials (549 participants) showed that exercise reduced pain and improved physical function immediately after treatment and at least three to six months after the end of treatment compared with the control group. Pain and physical function were estimated to be 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) in people with symptomatic hip OA. Exercise reduced pain by an equivalent of 8 points (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 11 points; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 6) and 7 points (CI 1 to 12 points; NNTB 6). Only three small studies (183 participants) evaluated quality of life, with overall low quality evidence, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. There was no significant difference in pain or physical function outcomes compared with five studies recruiting participants with hip or knee OA (130 participants). Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. Moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 participants) indicated an increased likelihood of withdrawal from the exercise allocation (event rate 6%), but this difference was not significant (risk difference 1%; 95% CI -1% to 4%). Of the 10 included studies, only five of the 10 RCTs exclusively recruited people who had symptomatic OA, with the rest of the remaining five studies only recruiting people with hip and knee pain. Pooling the results of these 10 studies, we found that land-based therapeutic exercise programmes can reduce pain and improve physical function among people with OA in the short-term. The reduction in pain was sustained up to three- to six-month follow-up. The improvement in physical function was also sustained (five studies, 367 participants): pain (SMD -0.38, 95%CI 0.58 to 0.18), pain intensity (0 to 100 scale) (0 is no pain) and 24 points on 0 to 100 point scale (1 to 24 points) in the exercise group, the improvement in pain translated to a mean of 7 points on an 0 to 12 point scale. Quality of life was 50 points on average (standard deviation (SD) score of 50 points in the general population in the comparison group, and 0 points in a 0 to 10 point scale in the group of people who did not exercise. We considered the quality of the evidence from the included studies to be high. However, the results may be vulnerable to performance and detection bias as none of the studies were able to blind participants to which treatment they were receiving and, while most studies reported blinded outcome assessment, pain, physical function and quality oflife were participant self reported. One study did not provide sufficient data for the evaluation of bias risk.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 260 participants. Six trials compared exercise therapy versus no exercise therapy, whereas three trials compared two interventions that both met our definition of exercise therapy. The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups. Finally, no evidence was found that specific exercise therapy programmes were more successful in improving activities and participation than other exercise treatments. No evidence of deleterious effects were described in included studies.
Only one trial including 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic) (n = 35) or delayed laparoscopy (mean waiting period of 4.2 months) contributed information to this review. The trial had a high risk of bias. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. The proportion of people who developed serious adverse events was 68 participants (28 people in the earlier group and 40 people in delayed group). The other outcomes were available for 28 participants (0% of the total number of participants) (1/35 people) and 35 participants (22.5 people) (P = 0.0082). This trial did not report quality of life or return to work. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (1), empyema of the gallbladder (e.g. bleeding in the stomach), gallbladders perforation (a hole in the lining of the stomach that leads to obstruction of the digestive system), acute cholecrosis (inflammation of the liver), cholangitis (infection of the chorionic villus), obstructive jaundice (yellowing of the skin), and recurrent bile colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the late group as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours of the diagnosis. There was a statistically significant shorter hospital stay (1.25 days) and shorter operating time (14.80 minutes) in people who had early surgery compared with those who had delayed surgery. Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it appears that people who have an elective biliary surgical procedure less than one day after diagnosis have less morbidity during the waiting period, the hospital stay, and operating time. Further randomised clinical trials are necessary to confirm or refute these findings.
We included 11 trials in this review. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Overall, long-term antibiotic prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI (moderate-quality evidence). There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-term antibiotics compared with a single dose. No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of evidence for our outcomes.
We included one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important outcome differences between the two policies. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for fetal gastroschisis. The primary outcomes were caesarean section and neonatal survival to discharge. Two babies died after birth but before discharge in the elective (intervention) group versus none in the spontaneous group (risk ratio (RR) 5.00; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.26 to 98.00). Seven women (33%) in the intervention group and nine women (43%) in a spontaneous group delivered by caesarian section. Similarly, for the secondary outcomes, there were no statistical differences in birthweight, ventilation requirements, necrotising enterocolitis (inflammation of the stomach lining) and requirement for repeat surgery between the groups. None of our prespecified maternal secondary outcomes were reported in the included study. We also examined gestational age at birth as a non-prespecified outcome. There was a small mean difference (35.8 weeks (SD 0.7) at birth) in the two arms of the trial and 36.7 (SD 1.5) at the end of the study. Possible reasons for this small average difference include a trend towards spontaneous preterm births in pregnancies complicated by intra-abdominal perforations in the stomach. This review is unable to draw any firm conclusions regarding the benefits or harms of early birth for preterm babies with stomach disorders. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Only one small trial is included. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week; 122 participants were randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. We found no studies in children. All studies used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). Other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics were used. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; or participants with a Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated there was no difference in pain relief between paracetamate and placebo when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetamyol being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other side effects, and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. Our GRADE assessment of evidence quality was very low for all outcomes, because studies were at high risk of bias from several sources.
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials, 14 of which were conducted in China and 14 in hospitals. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) were the most commonly evaluated drugs. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. All results are vulnerable to considerable bias. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. There are currently insufficient data to confidently inform clinical practice. These trials, however, are invaluable guides for current and future study design. Well conducted randomised trials are possible. Some may be underway.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 195 participants with MS. Two trials compared inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three trials compared expiratory muscle-training with no active control or sham training; and one trial compared regular breathing exercises with regular breathing. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. We pooled and analyzed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and non-active muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. This review provides low-quality evidence that resistive inspiratory exercises with a resistive threshold device is moderately effective postintervention for improving predicted maximal inspiratory pressure in people with mild to moderate MS. However, there was no significant difference between the two groups with regard to the predicted maximum inspiratory pressures. One trial assessed quality of life, finding no differences between groups. For all predetermined secondary outcomes, such as forced exhalatory volume, forced vital capacity and peak flow pooling, it was not possible to perform a meta-analysis for any of the included trials. No serious adverse effects were reported in any of these trials. The sustainability of the favourable effect of inspiratory muscles training is unclear, as is the impact of the observed effects on quality-of-life.
This review identified one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication in 38 women (41 pregnancies) and 26 women (28 pregnancies) who were at high risk of ITP during pregnancy. This trial did not provide any evidence about other medical treatments for ITP in pregnant women. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal bleeding were not studied by this RCT. Current evidence indicates that compared to no medication, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of betametasone for treating ITP. Unless randomised clinical trials provide evidence of a treatment effect and the trade off between potential benefits and harms are established, policy-makers, clinicians, and academics should not use betametsone for the treatment of intrauterine thrombocytopenia.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so sensitivity analyses were conducted to determine if the results from this study had affected the overall results of the review. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK (odds ratio (OR): 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE rating: moderate). Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% CI, suggesting an imprecise estimate, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another in regards to graft failure. DALK was unable to be completed as planned in four cases and in a further three cases, complications during dissection required further intervention. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were reported with similar frequency in both intervention groups. For both types of surgery, these included postoperative astigmatisms, steroid induced ocular hypertension and persistent epithelial defects. In recipients of DALK, one participant had interface neovascularisation (a proliferation of blood vessels where the host and donor cornea come together) and one had wrinkling of Descemet's membrane, the basement membrane separating the corneal stroma from the corneaal endothelium. In the penetrating group, one person required graft resuturing and one person had an atonic pupil, a condition in which the pupil dilates and is non-reactive. Overall, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate, with methodological limitations, incomplete data analysis and imprecision of findings, as well as high risk of bias in several areas for both studies.
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women, in this review. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Daily iron supplementation effectively reduces the prevalence of anaemia and iron deficiency, raises haemoglobin and iron stores, improves exercise performance and reduces symptomatic fatigue. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be meta-analysed and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and appears to reduce symptoms of fatigue. There was no evident difference in adherence between women randomised to iron and control.
This review included five randomised controlled trials with a total of 1,726 patients with advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer. Among five included studies, no reduction in all-cause mortality was observed in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-free survival was observed with the combination chemotherapy, however, this result may have been driven by findings from the single first-line treatment setting study. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low to moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed to be low- to moderate-quality.
The review of trials found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests that transverse incision is less painful. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operatively complications and recovery times. The surgical technique may be cosmetically more acceptable. The analgesia use and the pulmonary compromise may be reduced but this does not seem to be clinically significant clinically as pulmonary complication rates and the recovery times were the same. The likelihood of wound closure and rupture appears to be reduced with a transversal incision and may look better. The methodological and clinical diversity and the potential for bias of the trials mean that the results should be treated with caution. The optimal incision for abdominal surgery still remains the preference of the surgeon.
We included a total of nine randomised controlled trials (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute LBP, individuals receiving MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days at 12-month follow-up. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms of clinical meaningfulness, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in pain, functional disability, and time away from work. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. The available research provides mainly low to very low-quality evidence, thus additional high-quality trials are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. The evidence is current to August 2018. Bisphosphoate administration probably decreases the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression. These benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of renal side effects. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response between the two groups of participants. The quality of the evidence was low for pain response, mortality and quality of life, and moderate for adverse events. We were unable to extract any quantitative data for meta-analysis because the methods used to measure these outcomes varied greatly across trials and we were not able to combine the results of the individual trials for analysis.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in a total of 1093 patients. Four trials were in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapsed patients. All trials were randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias is uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We found a statistically significant increased PFS in patients with previously untreated FL patients in the HDT+ASCT arm (HR = 0.42 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33 to 0.54; P < 0.00001). However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial has to be stopped early after an interim analysis due to a significant PFS advantage in patients treated with HDT plus ASCT. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers. For patients with relapsed FL, there is some evidence (one study, N = 70) that HDT = ASCT is advantageous in terms of PFS and OS (PFS: 0.30; 95% CI 0.15 to 1.61; OS: 1.40). For this study, no evidence was found for OS, TRM and other cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT < ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT and ASCT compared with chemotherapy and immuno chemotherapy in previously treated patients with FL. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect more precisely. Moreover, longer follow-up data are necessary.
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of bias within the trials but overall, risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear. Data showed WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments (2 RCTs n = 140, RR 1.18 95% CI 0.98 to 1.43, moderate-quality evidence) and mental state (total endpoint Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS): 2 RCTS: 2, 140, MD 0.84, 95%CI -4.17 to 5.84). However, there was no difference between WDD and other antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, for global or mental state, and no difference was observed for other treatments. WDD is often used as an add-on intervention alongside antipsychotics. Limited evidence suggests that WDD may have some positive short term antipsychiotic global effects compared to placebo or to no treatment, but WDD had fewer adverse effects. When WDD + antipsychoid was compared to antipsychosis alone, the combination group had better global state (short-term results, n = 684, RR 0.50 to 0.72), and better mental state and the combination caused fewer side effects. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 799 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (moderate-quality results). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain between the two types of wire. 3. Conventional NiTi versus conventional NiTi arches. There was only one study (24 participants) in this comparison. There are insufficient results from these three studies to assess whether there was any difference between conventional and superrelasticNiTi arch wire with regard to either alignment or pain. 4. Single-strand versus coaxial NiTi. There is only one small study in the comparison. The results from this study suggest that single-stranded NiTi can result in greater tooth movement over 12 weeks than arch wires made of a single strand. 5. Traditional NiTi compared to superralitic NiTi wire. There are only two studies, but there was not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the relative effectiveness of these two materials. 6. Superelactic NiTi vs thermolyelastic niTi. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all comparisons. We judged three of the 12 studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of low quality. Six of the studies were unclear. None of the included studies reported the adverse outcome of root resorption. We found three new studies (228 participants) for this update, bringing the total to 12 RCTs with 799 people. We rated the quality of evidence as low or moderate for the outcomes of interest.
This review includes just one study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item scale). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing, Behavioural Behaviour (such as repetition) such as hitting, and Behaviourally aggressive Behaviour such as swearing. Four of the five scales improved in the intervention group (Global: change mean difference (MD) −5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.59 to −1.79; Physically Nervous Behaviour: change MD −0.32 points (CI: 0.49 to 0.15; Speech Language Pathologists: changeMD 0.44 points) and Verbally Aggressive Behavior (MD -0.16 points) - MD - 0.08 points. There was no difference in change scores on the Physressive Behavior scale (MD = 0.06 points) between groups by the end of the study. Using GRADE guidelines, we rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. We also identified one ongoing study. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared different frequencies of application. The evidence in this review is current up to 28 September 2016. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD (primary outcomes of this review). The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than use of soap (low quality evidence). The second trial indicated a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties (moderate quality evidence) might be better than soap. Findings from the other trials, all of low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) and avoiding soap seems to be moreeffective than withholding these products. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. Little evidence exists on the effects of interventions for preventing and treating IAD in adults. High quality confirmatory trials using standardised, and comparable prevention/treatment regimens in different settings/regions are required. Furthermore, to increase the comparability of trial results, we recommend the development of a core outcome set, including validated measurement tools.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 333 participants in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The diagnosis of IM was based on clinical symptoms and laboratory parameters. The quality of evidence was graded as very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the treatment group but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Prospective studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcomes there was no statistically significant difference when antiviral therapy was compared to control. The overall quality of the evidence is very low. The majority of studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine for targeting hyperglycaemia. The results showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia between treatment groups. Of randomised patients 13.6% to 57.2% of participants were injecting insulindetemir twice-daily at the end of trial. Glycaemic control, measured by glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), equal to or less than 7% with or without low blood sugar, did not differ statistically significantly between the two drugs. However, to achieve the same blood sugar control, insulin Detemir was often injected twice daily in a higher dose but with less weight gain, with somewhat fewer injection site reactions. Insulin Glargine was dosed once-daily in the evening. There was no significant difference in the variability of blood glucose values in 24-hour profiles between the drugs. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or mortality. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality-life and showed no differences between treatment group. Our analyses suggest that there is no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between insulin detenir and insulin glargate for targeting high blood sugar. However there is a lower daily basal insulin dose and a lower number of injection site reaction.
Six trials assessed the effects of SNS for bowel incontinence. In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe bowel problems in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of bowel problems compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy (mean difference (MD) −5.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.30 and 95% CI −10.34 to −2.26 at 12 months). Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the crossover trial by Kahlke, 14 participants with bowel problems experienced fewer bowel problems per week during the stimulator 'on' (1 (SD, 1.7) compared with the 'off' period (8.4 SD, 8.7). In contrast, in the trial by Dinning with 59 participants, SNS did not improve frequency of bowel movements and 73 side effects were reported, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound wound infection (1) and misplacement of tined lead (1). In the cross-over trial by Vaizey, participants reported an average of six, and one, episodes of diarrhoea per week, respectively, during the one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ periods. The median (range) episodes of diarrhea per week fell from 9.7 (0 to 9) during the off' period to 0 to 5.7 during the on-off period. Abdominal pain and bloating occurred 79% of the time during the 'offs' period compared with 33% during the ‘ons’ period. No side effects occurred in the crossover trial. Two trials assessed SNS in constipation. In one trial by the Kenefick trial, the two participants experienced a median of two bowel movements per week between the 'on and off' crossover period. The other trial by Leroi, 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to complications or immediate device failure. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the period of stimulation they had preferred. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 participants who preferred the stimulation period of 'on', and five who preferred 'off'. For the group of 19 participants, the median episodes of faecal leakage per week (range 1 to 11) fell from 1.8 (0.9) episodes per week to 0.7 per week. No adverse events occurred. Side effects reported in three participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain during temporary testing (n = 1); and stimulator-site pain following insertion of a neurostimulator (2); and pain at the site of neurostimulation (3); and haematoma formation (3). In two trials, participants did not experience any side effects. Neither study reported side effects related to SNS.
The review of trials found that molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or a light-coloured adhesive were more likely to fail than molar bands cemented with glass ionomer cement. No other adverse events were identified. However, given there are limited data for this outcome, further evidence is required to draw more robust conclusions.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible according to the inclusion criteria. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall the quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). For primary tumor (T) stage, results were stratified based on the depth of invasion of the gastric wall. The meta-analysis of 50 studies (n = 4397) showed that the summary sensitivity and specificity of EUS in discriminating T1 to T2 (superficial) versus T3 to T4 (advanced) gastric carcinomas were 0.86 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 0.90) and 0.89 (CI 0.87 to 1.93) respectively. For the diagnosis of T1a versus T1b (submucosal) cancers, we found that EUS might be considered clinically useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with stomach cancer. However, all accuracy measures reported in the present work and summarizing the available evidence should be interpreted cautiously. Moreover, we must emphasize that the analysis of positive and negative likelihood values revealed that the EUS diagnostic performance cannot be considered optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion, especially for the ability to distinguish between superficial and advanced gastric cancers and positive versus negative lymph node status. Overall, we observed large heterogeneity and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be drawn about the use of this diagnostic tool in routine clinical settings.
We identified a total of six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay laparoscopy for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age of the participants varied between 40 and 47 years. With regards to primary outcomes, only one trial reported short-term deaths. However, the trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. We inferred from the other outcomes that there was no short term mortality in the remaining trials. Long-term mortality was not reported in any of the trials. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 compared with 1/200 (0.5%) in the overnight stay surgery group; 4 trials; 333 participants; SMD -0.11; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33 to 0.10). Quality of life was not significantly different between the groups (3 trials; 175 participants; 0.02 cm visual analogue scale score; 2 trials; 217 participants; MD 0.55 days, 95% CI -2.18 to 1.08); and return to work (1 trial; 74 participants). No significant difference was seen in hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 compared with 5/239 (2.1%) or in the proportion of people requiring hospital readmissions (3 studies; 290 participants; 5/136 (weighted proportion 3.5%), respectively) or in hospital failure to be discharged as planned (5 studies; 419 participants; 42/205 (19.3%) compared with 43/214 (20.1%). For all outcomes except pain, the accrued information was far less than the diversity-adjusted required information size to exclude random errors (play of chance). The quality of the evidence is weak because of risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of play of chance (random errors).
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. Efficacy outcomes were inconsistently reported, resulting in analyses for most outcomes being based on less than complete data. For postherpetic neuralgia, we found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks about 10% more participants reported themselves much or very much improved with high-concentration Capsaicin than with placebo; the point estimates of numbers needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTs) were 8.8 (95% confidence interval (CI) 5.3 to 26) at 8 weeks and 7.0 (CI 4.6 to 15) at 12 weeks (2 studies, 571 participants; moderate quality evidence). More participants (about 10%) had average 2 to 8-week and 2 to 12-week pain intensity reductions over baseline of at least 30% and at least 50% (NNT values between 10 and 12 (2 to 4 studies; 571 to 1272 participants; very low quality evidence)). For painful HIV-neuropathy, we also found two studies (801 participants). One study reported the proportion of participants who were much or much improved at both 12 weeks and 8 and 8 weeks (27% with high concentration capsaicins and 10% with placebo). For both studies, more participants (at least 10%) experienced moderate or substantial levels of pain relief over baseline. For painful diabetic neuropathy, one study (369 participants) reported the percentage of participants with at least 10% reduction in pain intensity over two to 12 weeks. One small study of 46 participants with persistent pain following inguinal herniorrhaphy did not show a difference between high concentration and placebo for pain reduction. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for efficacy outcomes by one to three levels due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to publication bias. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5% versus 3.2%). Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common (six to eight studies; 21 to 67 events) (moderate quality evidence, downgraded due to few events).
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We did a pooled analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up), after reassessing the carotids angiograms and outcomes from all three trials using the primary electronic data files, and redefined outcome events where necessary, to achieve comparability. On re-analysis, there were no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis (N = 1746, risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 2.01), had no significant effect in participants (1429, RR 0.93, CI 0.62 to 1.38) with stenosis of 50% to 69% (moderate-quality evidence). Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% or 69% symptomatic stenosis, and highly beneficial for those (70% to 99%) with a stenosis without near-occlusion. However, there was no evidence of benefit (n = 271, RR 1.03, CI 1.57 to 1). We found no benefit in people with near-OCclusion. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to high.
We included 10 retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, familial adenomatous polyposis, and other (2/60). The results between the lateral pararectal and the transrectal approach groups were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation (risk ratio (RR) 1.34, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.40 to 4.48; low-quality evidence), development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The results were also inconclusive in the subgroup analysis in which we compared the effect of the ileostomy versus colostomy approach on the occurrence of the two surgical techniques. None of the included studies measured other stoma-related morbidity or death from any cause. All included studies reported results for the primary outcome, and one study also reported data on one of the secondary outcomes (stomal prolapse). The effects of different surgical approaches on the incidence and development of stoma prolapse are uncertain. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate, low, and very low, respectively. The included studies did not measure quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest.
We found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences between supportive therapy and standard care in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our main outcomes of interest. Overall, the evidence was of very low quality.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 participants with cancer pain of moderate or severe severity. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small numbers of participants. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or one NSAID with another NSAID. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised cohort. We judged results for all outcomes as very low-quality evidence. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). With NSAID, initial moderate- or severe pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks in four studies (415 participants in total), with a range of estimates between 26% and 51% in individual studies. Adverse event and withdrawal reporting was inconsistent. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of efficacy (24%) or adverse events (5%). There is no high-quality information to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
This review included two studies comprising 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group and additionally at day 4 (P < 0.01, analysis of variance (ANOVA)) and also at day 2 and day 3, as well as on day 4, as measured with a numerical pain scale. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days in favour of the tiniaparin treatment group (95% confidence interval -5.48 to -4.48). Participants treated with tiniarparin had significantly fewer hospitalisation days than participants in the group treated with placebo, with a mean difference of 4.98 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tinyarparin group, and none were reported in the control group. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dalteparin group. However, the results of this study were inconclusive due to the small number of participants and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Based on these results, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease.
We did not find any randomised trials comparing either anticoagulants or antiplatelet drugs with control, thus there is no evidence to support their routine use for the treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissection.
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared silver-containing dressings or topical agents with non-silver dressings. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. Thirteen trials compared topical silver (in a variety of formulations - including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) with other dressings; one trial showed fewer infections with silver nitrate when compared with a non-standard dressing, but three trials showed significantly more infection with SSD than with the non-specific dressing. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver-based dressings (nine dressings in total). Most comparisons (seven) found no significant differences in infection rates, but one trial in a range of wounds found significantly fewer infections in a silver-coated dressing (Hydron AgSD) compared with SSD, and another, in acute wounds, found significantly more infections with SSD. Only one comparison showed a significant reduction in healing time associated with a silver coated gauze (Acticoat®) dressing in diabetic foot ulcers. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-controlling dressings and topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy (N = 4; odds ratio (OR) monotherapy versus combination 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 1.30), clinical cure, length of stay in intensive care unit (ICU) or adverse events, but we found that carbapenems are associated with a statistically significant increase in the clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin for clinical cure in the clinically evaluable population and there was an increase in clinical cure for the combination treatment. Of importance, this effect was due to one study. Due to lack of studies, we could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP. We downgraded the quality of evidence for death, adverse events and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. We determined clinical cure to be of very low-quality evidence.
We included 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. Impact of policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased treatment discontinuity and other health service use without reducing overall drug costs (2 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Implementing restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of selected medications can decrease third-party drug spending without increasing the use for other services. Relaxing reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to publically financed drug benefits for seniors and low income populations, for example), also require explicit measurement.
Nineteen studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review with data available for a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. Although one small study had contradictory results at 3 months and 6 months, the other study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points (very low quality evidence). The same two studies reported on plaque. The evidence from these studies showed that OHA showed a benefit in plaque reduction at all points of time. Two of the studies reported dental caries at 6 months and 12 months respectively. The quality of the evidence was very low. Five studies compared some form of self-management versus professional OHA and found little evidence available that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gum disease, plaque or dental decay. None of these studies measured dental decay at 12 months. Seven studies compared enhanced OHA with routine OHA, and found that there was little evidence of any difference between the two groups. There were no differences in the outcomes between the studies. There is insufficient evidence to recommend any specific OHA method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high-quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
Five small trials were included in this review: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) that compared oral steroids with no treatment, one trial of oral or intra-articular steroids; and one trial with 32 participants that compared manipulation under anaesthesia and steroid injection with or without oral steroids. Trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial and three trials used different comparators. One trial reported significant short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis, but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. A second trial reported no significant differences between oral steroid and placebo in pain or shoulder movement but it suggested improvement occurred earlier in the steroid treated group. A third trial reported that oral steroids provided a more rapid initial improvement in pain compared to no treatment but negligible differences by five months. There were minimal adverse effects reported. Available data from two placebo- controlled trials and one no-treatment controlled trial provides "Silver" level evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) that provides short term benefits in the short term (up to six weeks) for oral steroids compared to placebo.
Three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 participants were included in the review. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between reTMS and sham RTMS using the ALSFRS-r scores and manual muscle testing (MMT) scores in this trial. Additionally, no adverse events were reported. There is currently insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of r tMS in the treatment of ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised controlled trial on people with ALS.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 293.70), while another trial showed no difference in disease control in people with extensive and moderate disease at 6 months. No differences were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisolone (one trial each), for azathioprine (an anti-inflammatory drug) and mycophenolate mofetil (an anticonvulsant), for tetracycline and nicotinamide (two trials each), and for Chinese traditional medicine (a traditional Chinese medicine) in combination with steroids in one trial. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids (clobetasol) with a milder regimen (RR 1.00, CI 0.97 to 1.03) in one study. In another trial, clobeteasol showed significantly more disease control than oral steroid (prednisone) with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP, and starting doses greater than 0.75 mg per kg do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of adverse reactions.
Seventy-five randomised trials, involving 7957 participants with irritable bowel syndrome, were included in this review. Seventy-one different herbal medicines were tested in the included trials. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. Compared with placebo, a Standard Chinese herbal formula, individualised Chinese herbal medicine, STW 5, Tibetan herbal medicine Padma Lax, traditional Chinese formula Tongxie Yaofang, and Ayurvedic preparation showed significant improvement of global symptoms. In 65 trials testing 51 different herbs, 22 herbal medicines demonstrated a statistically significant benefit for symptom improvement, and 29 herbs were not significantly different than conventional therapy. In nine trials that evaluated herbal medicine combined with a conventional therapy, six tested herbal preparations showed additional benefit from the combination therapy compared with conventional monotherapy. No serious adverse events were reported. Some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of the condition. However, positive findings from less rigorous trials should be interpreted with caution due to inadequate methodology, small sample sizes, and lack of confirming data. In conclusion, some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effectiveness and acceptability of LNG and other hormonal drugs in preventing pregnancy among women with infrequent intercourse. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 studies), and hormones other than LNG (7 studies). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation rates, side effects, and acceptanceability. The pooled Pearl Index for the LNG dose was 5.4 per 100 women-years (95% confidence interval (CI) 4.1 to 7.0). For the other drugs, 5.0 per 100 woman-years. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. Most women liked the pericoital method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not studied extensively. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of using LNG as a primary method of contraception. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
We included 15 studies with 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. We carried out a random-effects model meta-analysis for the seven studies that fully reported this outcome. There was strong evidence that reinforcement of anchorage was more effective in the reinforcement of teeth by 1.68 mm (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.27 mm to -1.09 mm; seven studies, 308 participants analysed) with moderate quality of evidence. This result should be interpreted with some caution, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this comparison. The evidence on patient-reported outcomes such as pain and acceptability was limited and inconclusive. No included studies reported adverse effects. When direct comparisons were made between two types of surgical anchachment, there was not a lack of evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than another. No harms were reported in any of the included studies. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies (5547 participants) that compared two different statin regimens in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to combine the results of 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Seven studies (36,033 participants) were conducted according to published protocols, outcomes were adjudicated by a committee, specified outcomes were reported, and analyses were conducted using intention-to-treat methods. Compared with placebo, statin therapy consistently reduced the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and death from any cause by 20% in people not requiring dialysis (primary prevention). Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood. Statins had uncertain effects on progression of CKD. Data for relative effects of intensive cholesterol lowering in people with early stages of kidney disease were sparse.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 379 participants. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were parallel designed RCTs. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the OI trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five out of the eight identified studies. Only one study involved over 100 participants. For the two ITB studies for pain in CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo) (mean difference (MD) 4.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.15 to 6.25, respectively). In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. The trial did not state if these occurred in the intervention group. No adverse events were reported in this trial. At follow-up in both BoNT-a trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received the intervention drug. No side effects were reported for the other two trials. In the case of BoNT A, the most common side effects in these trials involved seizures. The evidence that is currently available evaluated pain largely as a second outcome and the drugs used were all adjuvants and not always commonly used in general paediatric palliative care for pain. Based on current data this systematic review is unable to determine the effects of pharmacological interventions for pain for CYP with LLCs. Future trials with larger populations should examine the effect of the drugs commonly used as analgesics; with the rising prevalence of many LLCs this becomes more necessary.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were identified. No data were available from the seventh trial. Due to imprecision in the results, it was not possible to determine whether latrepirdine had any effect on cognition measured with the Alzheimer’s Disease Assessment Scale cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) or the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or on function measures at study end (26 or 52 weeks). However, there was some low quality evidence showing a low quality benefit of the drug on the Clinician's Interview - Based Impression of Change plus Caregiver Input after 26 weeks (CIBIC-Plus) (1 study, 1 study, P < 0.001). There was no difference between the drug and placebo in adverse events, serious adverse events and dropouts due to adverse events. The evidence provided on these outcomes was of overall low quality. However, high quality evidence showed a very small benefit on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) (3 studies, 3 studies, P = 0.009) and moderate quality evidence suggested that the drug was comparable to placebo in side effects, serious side effects and dropout due to side effects. We considered the quality of the evidence to be low due to the small number of studies, imprecise results, inconsistencies between studies and risk of bias. Nevertheless, the evidence so far suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of side effects compared with placebo, there is no effect of latREPirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit on neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD.
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke respectively. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stenting. In people with symptomatic arterial stenosis, recurrent stroke was significantly reduced by RIC. However, there was no significant difference in the incidence of stroke between participants treated with RIC and non-RIC. The risk of stroke severity (assessed by infarct volume) was significantly lower in participants receiving RIC (mean difference (MD) -0.17 mL, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.11; 1 trial, 189 participants). Adverse events associated with the RIC treatment were significantly higher (RR 10.91; 95% CI 2.01 to 59.28; 3 trials, 371 participants), but no severe adverse events were attributable to RIC therapy. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment. We included four trials (involving 364 participants) in the analysis of the effects on ischaemia. In the analysis, the rate of death or dependency was significantly increased in people receiving intravenous thrombolysis (RIC) treatment compared with people receiving non-IC treatment (RR 2.34; 100% CI -2.19 to 4.61; 1 study, 285 participants). We found no evidence of significant differences between RIC treated and control groups for reducing stroke severity as assessed by the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score (SMD) and the final infarrct volume (SD). We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 204 preterm infants. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups (triceps MD 0.06 mm/wk, one RCT, 20 infants; or subscapularMD 0.01 to 0.12; four RCTs, 68 infants; I² = 89%). However, protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays, higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations, and higher serum albumin concentrations. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifiers and be designed to determine the effects on duration of hospital stay, feeding intolerance, and necrotising enterocolitis.
The review includes 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of PEMs to no intervention. One study compared paper-based PEM to the same document delivered on CD-ROM. The results of this review suggest that when used alone or as part of a multifaceted intervention, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect on patient outcomes, and clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known. From the data gathered, we could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness.
This review of 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found that behavioural interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of STI transmission can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. There were no statistically significant effects on abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills (e.g. communication), occasionally supplemented with provision of resources. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. Considerable uncertainty exists in the risk of bias due to incomplete or ambiguous reporting. Future evaluations should include a greater focus on HPV and its link to cervical cancer. Studies should use an RCT design where possible with integral process evaluation and cost-effectiveness analysis where appropriate. Given the predominance of USA studies, evaluations conducted in other countries would be particularly useful.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychodynamic therapy with cognitive behavior therapy. The evidence is current to September 2014. Participants receiving brief psychoeducational interventions were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term and medium term. Compliance with medication was similar between the two groups. Relapse rates were significantly lower amongst participants receiving short-term psychoeducation than in the medium term, but not in the long term. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74, nor in the death rate in either group. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved in the brief-intervention group. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, we found that short psychoeducation of any form appears to reduce relapse, and promote medication compliance, in people with schizophrenia. Data from a few individual studies supported that the long-term global state can improve, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent flare-ups was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high-risk of performance and detection bias, and possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Compared to the LABA+LABA arm, the results for the main outcomes were as follows: exacerbations; serious adverse events (SAE); St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the baseline, MD -1.22 (95% CI -2.52 to 0.07, P = 0.06, I2 = 71%, low quality evidence); and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change (MD 0.08 L) from the start of the study, MD 0.05 L (low quality evidence), and SGRQ total score of 4 points or greater (MD 1.25, 95% CI 1.09 to 1.44, P < 0.002, I 2 = 0%, moderate quality evidence). For the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), we found that people with COPD treated with LAMA/LABA have fewer exacerbations, a larger improvement of FEV1, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 units or more of the S GRQ. Our findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance.
We included three randomised controlled trials with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. Study duration was from 7 to 16 months; all studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. Heliox was administered as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen. Risk of bias was low in two studies and high in one study due to an open-label design. We added no new trials for this update. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen administered for 20 minutes. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes (mean difference (MD -0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.36 to 0.70) and the mean croup scores at 90 minutes postintervention, but may have little or no difference overall using repeated measures analysis. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. Information on hospitalisation or re-presenting to the emergency department was not reported. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean respiratory rates at 60 minutes, but there may have no difference at 120 minutes. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not pool the available data because each comparison included data from only one study. Due to very limited data, we were unable to draw any conclusions about the effects of heliox in children with croup. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low, meaning that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of many red flags to specifically screen for vertebral fracture in patients presenting for LBP. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. When combinations of red flags were used the performance appeared to improve. From the limited evidence, the findings give rise to a weak recommendation that a combination of a small subset of a red flag may be useful to screen for spinal fracture. It should also be noted that many red flag have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with low blood pressure.
Two randomised trials were identified. One trial compared the outcomes of surgical urethral dilatation and optical urethrotomy in 210 adult men with urinary stricture disease. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. There were insufficient data to perform meta-analysis or to reliably determine effect size. In the first six months after treatment, men were more likely to require further surgery for a recurrence of the urethra than in the primary urethroplasty group. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men initially treated by urethr surgery required continued self-dilatation or further surgery to prevent recurrence compared to 6 of 25 men (24%) men treated by primary surgery. There were not enough data to determine which intervention is best in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs. Well designed, adequately powered multi-centre trials are needed to answer relevant clinical questions regarding treatment of men with urethrals strictures.
Six trials (including one trial testing two relevant protocols) met the inclusion criteria for a total of seven group comparisons. The four paediatric trials (two involving preschool children and two school-aged children) and two adult parallel-group trials, lasting 12 to 52 weeks, were of high methodological quality. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the meta-analyses. There was no statistically significant group difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacerbations requiring oral corticosteroids (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.32; the large confidence interval translates into a risk of exacerbations in the intermittent ICS group varying between 17% and 25%, assuming a 19% risk with daily ICS). Age, severity of airway obstruction, step-up protocol used during exacerbations and trial duration did not significantly influence the primary efficacy outcome. No group difference was observed in the number of patients with serious adverse health events (1055 patients, RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.33 to 2.03). In children and adults with persistent asthma and in preschool children suspected of persistent asthma, there was low quality evidence that intermittent and daily inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone strategies were similarly effective in the use of rescue oral steroids and the rate of severe side effects. The strength of the evidence means that we cannot currently assume equivalence between the two options. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily treatment. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harm of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term impact of intermittent therapy on lung growth and lung function decline.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with chronic kidney disease stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) that increased fruit and vegetable intake, and two studies of a Mediterranean diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In very-low quality evidence, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Across all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Adverse events were generally not reported. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels (1 study, 40 people). Dietary interventions have uncertain effects on mortality, cardiovascular events and ESKDP as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research in the setting of CKD and preliminary evidence of beneficial effects on risks factors for clinical outcomes, large-scale pragmatic RCTs to test the effects of dietary interventions on patient outcomes are required.
We found only one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Participants were randomised into three groups (nebulised salbutamol, nebulised saline and mist in a tent). The results showed a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score in the group of children who received nebulisation of the bronchus, but no significant reduction in the RDS score in those who received mist therapy. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy for acute bronchioitis in children up to three years old.
We found four randomised controlled trials (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's disease according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from baseline. There were no significant benefits from statins in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. There was no difference between statins and placebo in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We found no studies assessing role of statin in treatment of VaD.
Four studies involving 149 participants met inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing night splints and not wearing a night splander. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo, there was no significant difference in ankle range of motion between groups. Further research is required.
The review of trials found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduce the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and does not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There is clear and important evidence that upright and mobile positions are better than recumbent positions for women in low-risk labour. Women should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required for inclusion in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial analyzed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. This trial was of moderate quality. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow up. This review was complicated by a lack of generally accepted diagnostic criteria for TOS. We identified one study comparing natural progression with an active intervention. There is no evidence from RCTs for the use of other currently used treatments.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included in this review. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference (WMD) -1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.29 to -0.85) and function) compared with no treatment. In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 participants), ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not significantly beneficial. However one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound which was maintained at six months. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Compared to placebo, oral steroids, splinting, ultrasound, yoga and carpal bone mobilisation demonstrated significant short-term benefit. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. SCORE compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (n = 165) with observation, and GENEVA compared dexamethasone intrauterine insemination (a steroid injection) with sham injections. Loss to follow-up was high with 10% in the steroid groups and almost twice as much (17%) in the observation group. GENEVA enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion, but did not present subgroup data for the population of participants with this condition. A qualitative assessment of the results from the GENEVA study indicated that the corticosteroid implant was not associated with improvement in visual acuity after six months. Although the SCORE investigators reported that participants treated with 1 mg or 4 mg intrav itreal injections were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in vision at eight months compared with participants who did not receive treatment, this result should be interpreted with caution as outcome data were missing for a large proportion of participants. Adverse events were observed more often with IVS treatment compared with observation/no treatment. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
Six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients were included in this review. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo and a larger reduction in average nasal obstruction/choana ratio than placebo (right, -14% versus +0.4%, P < 0.002; left, -15% versus -2.0%, P = 0.0006) between week 0 and week 4. The second trial showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index (NIA) decreased by at least 50% from baseline in 38% of patients treated with a 400 mcg daily injection (400 mg/day), whereas none of the participants treated with placebo had such improvement. The third parallel-group trial demonstrated that 77.7% of children treated with mometasone (100 mcg a day) for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in nasal obstruction symptom scores and a decrease in the size of the nasal obstruction, such that nasal obstructionectomy could be avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline. The fourth parallel-grip trial showed a significant reduction in adenoids size with flunisolide (500 mcg per day) compared with isotonic saline solution. The fifth parallel group trial demonstrated a significantly reduced nasal obstruction (nosebleed) symptom score and adenoidal size, and an adverse event of nasal obstruction was avoided in the fluticasone group compared with the saline group. In contrast, the sixth trial did not find a significant improvement in nose obstruction symptoms nor in the number of children with nasal obstruction size after eight weeks of treatment with a 200 mcg dose (200 mg per day). Based on these results, current evidence suggests that intrinsic steroids may significantly improve nasal obstruction in children with moderate to severe nasal hypertrophy, and that this improvement may be associated with a reduction in size. However, the long-term efficacy of these drugs in these patients remains to be defined.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (involving 24 women). The study was conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of the other four drugs. Lumbar epidural blocks were given using 0.25% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour on continuous epidural infusion for six hours. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious complications (defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema). For the baby, these outcomes were: death: stillbirths (death in utero at or after 20 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths plus deaths in the first week of life, death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths (death within 28 days after birth), deaths after the first 28 days, and preterm birth (birth before 37 completed weeks of pregnancy). Reported outcomes The included trial only reported on a single outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. However, the change in maternal diastolic arterial pressure and systolic pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not significantly different between the two groups. Currently, there is not enough evidence to show that the effect of epidural therapy translates into improved outcomes for the mother and her baby. There is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion as to whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidural agents results in better maternal and fetal outcomes and for how long that could be maintained. Another important question that needs to be answered is how long should extended epidural be used to ensure any potential clinical benefits and what could be the associated side effects and costs. Interactions with other modalities of treatment and women's satisfaction could represent other avenues of research.
We included 16 randomised clinical trials in this review. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no evidence of effect on all-cause mortality up to three months following randomisation, or on health-related quality of life (measured with the European Quality of Life – 5 Dimensions – 3 Levels scale). There was low-certainty evidence of no effect on the occurrence of serious adverse events during treatment, liver-related mortality, number of participants with any complications, and non-serious adverse events after end of treatment. Based on the information that we collected from the published trial reports, only one of the trials seems not to be industry-funded, and the remaining 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. All trials but one were at overall high risk of bias. As the CIs were wide, we cannot rule out significant benefits or harms of the treatment. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled clinical trials, designed according to the SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to CONSORT guidelines. Future trials ought to report depersonalised individual participant data, so that proper individual person data meta-analyses can be conducted.
We included four trials involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool studies. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition, that are related to driving. There was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months. Significant findings were in favour of a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme (based on one study with 73 participants) but these results should be interpreted with caution as they were based on a single study. Adverse effects were not reported. We were unable to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. At present, it is unclear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation, and whether the contextual or remedial approaches, or a combination of both, are more efficacious.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). The average age of study participants was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration therapy. Five of the studies administered oral corticosteroids (30 mg in four studies, tapered in one), and two studies provided intravenous corticostoid treatment. Studies contributing to the meta-analysis were at low risk of selection, performance, detection and attrition bias. In four studies we did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure (failure to complete the course of treatment) between people who received short- duration (three to six days) and those who received longer (10 to 14 days) treatment. No difference in risk of relapse (a new event) was observed between the two groups. Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferiority and compared five days versus 14 days of long-duration (three- to seven-day) systemic steroid treatment. Length of hospital stay, lung function at the end of treatment and adverse events were not different between the groups. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days of oral steroid treatment is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter courses (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer courses of around 10 days. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) and identified three ongoing trials that assess RBC transfusion strategies in people with MDS. The one trial included in this review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality (1 RCT; 13 participants; RR 0.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 2.32; very low quality evidence) or the number of red blood cell transfusions. There were no anaemia-related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels (no statistics provided). The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding (e.g. WHO/CTCAE grade 3 (or equivalent) or above). This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion approach for such patients, particularly as the incidence of MDS rises with an ageing population.
We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the effectiveness of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. One study evaluated a game based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The second study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based learnings of stroke prevention and management. The effect on knowledge was not statistically different between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games in teaching health professionals about stroke prevention or management. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review identified eight trials involving 475 people with unipolar affective disorder. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. Relapse was defined as admission to hospital and when all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a statistically significant difference in favour of lithium (relative risk (RR) fixed effect 0.34, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.82). The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used. There were no other statistically significant differences between lithium and antidepressants according to all other outcomes considered. There was adequate efficacy evidence for lithium or antidepressants preventing relapse in unipolar affectsive disorder, however their relative efficacy was unknown. When considering lithium or antidepressant long-term therapy, patients and clinicians should take into account the patient's clinical history, the side-effects and the individual's likely adherence to the recommended treatment regime.
Two randomised controlled clinical trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to intervention versus control) were included. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Amifostine versus placebo showed no statistically significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia, the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium-99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months, and the reduction of blood pressure (130 patients, two studies). Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of treatment with amifostines and had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae. Meta-analysis was not performed on the function of salivaries glands measured by a radioactive isotope (salivary glands) at three months after high dose radioactive iodine treatment due to the highly inconsistent findings across studies (I2 statistic 99%). None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs. Results from two randomised clinical trials suggest that there is no significant radioprotective effects on salivaroid glands in high-dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Moreover, there was no evaluation of patient-oriented outcomes.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician’s intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, clinic- and once-weekly home- based sessions for 12 weeks. Because of the different study designs and outcome measures used, we were unable to combine the results from the different studies. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias in relation to blinding of participants (not possible due to the nature of the intervention) and blinding of outcome assessors, and we judged one study at unclear risk of selection bias, as authors did not report the methods used to generate the random sequence. We also judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, and further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in our estimate of treatment effect. We found only three small studies of very low quality. The sample sizes of each included study were very small, meaning that they are unlikely to be representative of the target population. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. In the third study found gains in total-language measures immediately followingintervention. No study reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the treatment group. One of the three studies looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers attended seven out of nine group and four home visits. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children afterintervention and in one study most strategies were maintained up to one year after the intervention. None of the included studies measured parental use of the strategies outside the intervention sessions. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. In light of the serious limitations in methodology, and the small number of studies included, we considered the overall quality of evidence, as assessed by GRADE, to be low.
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on patient-relevant outcomes, including mortality and on serious adverse events. Included trials did not report on health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and the secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. We did find that, compared with control group (no exercise, exercise may increase exercise capacity). Due to a lack of evidence, we cannot evaluate the impact on other outcomes. Further high-quality randomised clinical trials are needed.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality oflife. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. We found inconclusive evidence that interventions with spiritual or religious components for adults in the terminal phase of a disease may or may not enhance well being. Such interventions are under-evaluated. Moreover, it is unclear in all the studies whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual and religious support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere.
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). There was very low quality evidence that tDCS had no effect on change in global UPDRS score (mean difference (MD) -7.10 %, 95% confidence interval (CI -19.18 to 4.97; P = 0.25, I² = 21%, random-effects model). However, there was evidence of an effect on part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence that there was an effect (MD 0.10 hours; 95% CI -0.14 to 0.34; P < 0.05 m/s). Two trials with 41 participants measured gait speed using measures of timed gait, but we found no evidence of any effect. In two of six studies, dropouts, adverse events, or deaths occurring during the intervention period were reported. There was insufficient evidence that dropouts or adverse effects were higher with tDCS. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS reduces off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) or on time ( time that symptoms are controlled but time that is not controlled but not measured) in people with Parkinson's disease. Another secondary outcome was health-related quality of life and we found one study that reported on the physical health and mental health aspects of health- related quality. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes.
We included 12 studies (N = 461) in this review, all of which we judged to be at high or unclear risk of bias. For this update, we excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. This update's results are similar to the previous version of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetic sympathetic blockade for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that LASB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS compared to other active treatments. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these.
We included 14 trials, including 2488 participants, in this review. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. Incomplete recovery A combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with Bell's palsy compared to corticostoids alone, but the results were imprecise and allowed for the possibility of no effect. There was no clear benefit from antiviralals alone over placebo. Recovery rates were better in participants receiving corticrostoids alone than antiviralists alone. For people with moderate or severe Bell’s palsy (House-Brackmann score of 5 and 6, or equivalent on other scales), we found no clear effect on incomplete recovery at month six, but there was some evidence of a reduction in the proportion of participants who experienced motor synkinesis or crocodile tears. Antivirals plus steroids reduced long-term sequelae compared to placebo but there were no clear differences in this outcome. Adverse events Adverse event data were available in four studies providing data on 1592 participants. None of the four comparisons showed clear difference in adverse events between treatment and comparison arms (very low-certainty evidence). For the comparison of the two groups of participants with the same outcome, the certainty of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. The certainty of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs), including 97 women, comparing LHRH agonists (leuprorelin and treosulfan) versus placebo (a pretend drug) in women with platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory EOC. The evidence is current to September 2014. One study (Du Bois 2002) showed that treatment with leuprorerelin did not improve overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, respectively (very low-quality evidence). The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. The other study (Currie 1994) compared decapeptyl treatment with placebo, and reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks, respectively. No relative effects measures or P value at a particular time point were reported. Overall survival and QoL outcomes were not reported. Adverse events were incompletely reported (no adverse events were reported for the placebo group). Based on this review of two small RCTs, there is currently not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of these drugs in the treatment of EOCs. Overall, the quality of evidence for all outcomes is very low.
We found 17 eligible randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxaemic respiratory failure. Ten trials compared inhaled nitric oxide versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). One trial compared iNO versus high-frequency ventilation. This trial enrolled both preterm and term infants but reported most results separately for the two groups. Ninos 1998 studied only infants with congenital diaphragmatic hernia. Six trials enrolled infants at moderate to severe levels of illness (oxygenation index (OI) or alveolar-arterial oxygen difference (A-aDO2)) and randomised them to immediate treatment or iNO treatment only after deterioration to more severe criteria (Barefield 1996; Day 1996; Sadiq 1998; Cornfield 1999; Konduri 2004; Gonzalez 2010). Infants who received iNO at an initial concentration of 20 ppm were more likely to be alive within 30 to 60 minutes after the start of therapy, and partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) was increased by a mean of 53 mmHg. Oxygenation was improved in approximately 50% of infants receiving iNO. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) did not appear to affect response to iNO (moderate-quality evidence). Outcomes of infants with a hernia were not improved; outcomes were slightly, but not significantly, worse with iNO, and outcomes of infants who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Fewer of the babies who received early treatment satisfied late treatment criteria, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease mortality nor the need for ECMO. Incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between tested survivors who were given iNO and those who did not. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for most outcomes.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of lumbar support interventions for the treatment of low-back pain. The review includes 15 studies with a total of 14,437 participants. Seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people) were included in this updated review. Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence from seven preventive studies to suggest that there is no more effective than no intervention or training in the prevention of low back pain, and conflicting evidence from eight preventive studies on whether or not they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if lumba-support interventions are more effective in preventing low- back pain than no treatment or training. It remains unclear whether they are better than no or other interventions for treating low-backs pain. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness and safety of these interventions. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of support.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the catheter that was being assessed having different appearances. Overall, catheter impregnation significantly reduced catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI), with an ARR of 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), RR of 0.62 and NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence). There were no significant differences between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. However, the magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. A comparatively smaller body of evidence suggests that antimicrobial CVCs do not appear to reduce clinically diagnosed sepsis or mortality significantly. The magnitude of the effects was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of antimicrobial-immunocompetent CVSs across all settings.
The review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. There were no dietary intervention studies. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient supplementation in children (eight studies), and nutrition education for pregnant women and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). The evidence is current to September 2015. The evidence was of very low to moderate certainty. The studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate quality. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. Zinc supplementation of pregnant women on LBW or length (versus supplementation without zinc or placebo) There was no evidence of an effect or unclear effect of nutrient supplementation of children on HFA for studies in the meta-analysis with low-certainty evidence, and inconclusive effect on length for studies reported in a description form with very low- to moderate to low-quality evidence. There was a positive impact on length at 18 months of age for studies reporting on education interventions targeting pregnant women, and a positive effect of education interventions in education interventions for children (compared with no intervention, standard care) (one RCT and one controlled before-and-after study). The certainty of evidence was very low. The main limitations of the evidence were the small number of studies and small sample sizes, and the fact that the outcomes were measured in different ways. More evidence is needed of the effects of multi-sectorial interventions, combining nutrition-specific and sensitive methods and programmes, as well as of 'up-stream' practices and policies of governmental, non-governmental organisations and the business sector on nutrition-related outcomes such as stunting.
Twelve randomised controlled trials (1023 participants) were included in this review. There was no difference in healing outcomes between foam dressings and hydrocolloid dressings in the proportion of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks. There were no significant differences in the number of participants who experienced adverse events between the two groups of participants. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted RCTs, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly, before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of foam dressing in the management of venous leg ulcers.
We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing celecoxib and etoricoxib to placebo in patients with rheumatological manifestations of inflammatory bowel disease. One study (n = 159) compared etoricoxinib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo (a fake drug) in IBD patients with active or inactive ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. The other study (N = 222) compared celecoxin (200 mg twice daily) to a fake drug (placebo). Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference in exacerbation of IBD between the two drugs. After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) in the celecoxb group compared to 19% (15/77) of patients in the placebo group. A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events). The results for disease exacerbation and side effects between the COX-2 inhibitors rofecoxib, valdecoxib or lumiracoxib and placebo were uncertain. The proportion of patients who experienced side effects was similar (21% and 17%, respectively, P > 0.20). No patients in either group died or experienced serious side effects. Side effects included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No patients experienced any cardiovascular adverse events. Renal toxicity or thrombotic AEs were not reported. GI AEs led to early withdrawal from the study in 3% of patients treated with celecoxint and placebo groups respectively. No side effects were reported in the study. The results of this review are uncertain due to the small number of patients and short follow-up durations of the studies. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients with IBD in order to avoid IBD flare-ups and other adverse effects.
We included 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included people with both infected ulcers and uninfected ulcers; two trials included people who were not infected; and the remaining 13 studies did not provide information on infection status. Included studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine). We performed the following five comparisons based on the included studies: Antimicrobial topical dressings compared with non-antimicrobial dressing: Pooled data from five trials with 945 participants suggest (based on the average treatment effect from a random-effects model) that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a dressing without antimicrobial antimicrobials. These results correspond to an additional 119 healing events in the antimicrobial-dressing arm per 1000 participants (95% confidence interval (CI) 51 to 191 more). We consider this low-certainty evidence (downgraded twice due to risk of bias). The evidence on adverse events or other outcomes was uncertain. Topical antimicrobial agents compared with growth factor: We included one study with 40 participants. The only review-relevant outcome reported was number of wounds healed. We are uncertain about the relative effects of antimicrobial topical agents for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events. The evidence was generally of low or very low certainty, and the 95% CIs spanned benefit and harm: proportion of wound healed, achieving resolution of wound infection, having surgical resections, and sustaining an adverse event (no events in either arm). Comparison of different topical antimicroicrobial treatments: We found eight studies with 250 participants, but all of the comparisons were different and no data could be appropriately pooled. Reported outcome data were limited and we were uncertain about whether the differences between the compared topical and systemic antibiotics treatments were any different. We considered the overall certainty of the evidence to be very low or low for the following outcomes: number of wound-healing events, adverse events, and side effects.
We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. Analysis showed that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the number of children who developed pneumonia by 41%. On the basis of low-quality evidence, we were unable to determine whether zinc supplementation had an effect on lower specificity pneumonia case definition (i.e. age-specific fast breathing with or without lower chest indrawing). On subgroup analysis, we found that zinc reduced the occurrence of pneumonia defined by specific clinical criteria by 21% and confirmed by chest examination or chest radiograph, but had no effect on the definition of pneumonia.
Ten studies including 33,179 participants were included in this review. Despite its benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses, vitamin A supplementation has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTIs. Positive effects appear limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose of vitamin A.
Twenty randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria. Theophylline has a modest effect on FEV1 and FVC and slightly improves arterial blood gas tensions in moderate to severe COPD. These benefits were seen in participants receiving a variety of different concomitant therapies. Improvement in exercise performance depended on the method of testing. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to be theophyllines tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of these studies. Very few participants withdrew from these studies for any reason.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapy 249; control intervention 190), aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide oral immuneotherapy. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found 10 trials that met our inclusion criteria, that involved 439 participants with egg allergy aged between 1 year and 18 years of age. Oral immunotherapy for egg allergy is effective, but confidence in the trade-off between benefits and harms is low; because there was a small number of trials with few participants, and methodological problems with some of the trials. Eight included studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Furthermore, the quality of evidence was judged as low due to small numbers and events, and possible biases. Frequent and increasing exposure to egg over one to two years in people who are allergic to egg builds tolerance, with almost everyone becoming more tolerant compared with a minority in the control group and almost half of people being totally tolerant of egg by the end of treatment compared with 1 in 10 people who avoid egg. However, nearly all who received treatment experienced adverse events, mainly allergy-related. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent, with 75% of children presenting mild to severe adverse events. SAEs requiring epinephrine/adrenaline presented in 21/249 (8.4%) of children in the oral treatment group, and none in the placebo group. One in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up oral immune therapy. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the studies.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving a total of 579 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available on short term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to the differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implant. Moderate quality evidence shows that aetiologic diagnosis is more likely to be made with ILR than with standard assessment, but no evidence of a difference in the risk of death was found. The quality of the evidence was very low due to lack of data on adverse events. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to either surgery or aspiration and sclerotherapy. All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants: RR 0.45, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.18 to 1.10), however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. This could be due to the agent used or the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. When this study was removed from the analysis the heterogeneity was 0% and the result was significant (in favour of surgery). There was a significant increase in recurrence of the disease in those who received surgery compared with surgery. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the surgical group. There was an increased number of infections in the surgery group, however this increase was not statistically significant (4 studies, 275 participants). Three studies reported the frequency of pain in patients receiving surgery was higher than those receiving sclerosant agents but because of different measurement tools used in these studies, we could not combine the results. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no significant difference between the groups. There is a great need for rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different types of sclerosing agents, sclerosesant concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It is important that the RCTS have sufficiently large sample size and long follow-up period. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated instruments. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness studies should also be undertaken.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. Data analysed in this review showed that there was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.38; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 5.14). However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group (mean difference (MD 1.00, 95% CI 0.17 to 1.83, P = 0.02). The average change in daytime cough diary score from baseline was also better in the control group compared to those on rhDNase, but the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) favoured placebo (MD 0.70, 95%, CI -0.19 to 1). There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomalacia. It remains inconclusive whether the use of nebulisation of the airway in children with bronchodilator-associated bronchitis worsens recovery. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these trials should include measurements of the trachea and physiological outcomes in addition to clinical outcomes.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants in this review. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Across the 21 studies, the average number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. Duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. Due to the nature of the intervention, lack of blinding of participants, therapists, and outcome assessors resulted in a high risk of bias on these items for most studies. Eleven studies (52% of studies) reported a loss to follow-up of more than 20%. For other items, most studies were at low risk of biased. Adverse events were seldom reported. Compared with usual care or a waiting list that could be included in the meta-analysis, the psychological therapy resulted in less severe symptoms at end of treatment (10 studies, 1081 analysed participants). This effect was considered small to medium; heterogeneity was moderate and overall quality of the evidence was low. When all psychological therapies included this review were combined they were superior to usual care and waiting list in terms of reduction of symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all studies included participants who were willing to receive psychological treatment. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for somatoform disorders or MUPS.
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) in this updated review. In total, we included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our inclusive analysis. Evidence synthesis of seven studies showed that epidural anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP after thoracotomy, suggesting the odds of having PPP three to 18 months after an epidural was 0.52 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.32 to 0.84, 499 participants, moderate-quality evidence). Simlarly, evidence synthesis of 18 studies found that regional anaesthetic may prevent persistent pain three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery. Pooling data at three to 8 months after caesarean section from four studies showed moderate evidence that intravenous infusion of local anaesthetics may prevent PPP in women with breast cancer three to six months after their surgery. We did not synthesize evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. High risk of bias from missing data and lack of blinding across a number of included studies reduced our confidence in the findings. Thus results must be interpreted with caution. Our conclusions are considerably weakened by the small size and number of studies, by performance bias, null bias, attrition and missing data. Larger, high-quality studies including children are needed. We caution that except for breast surgery, our evidence synthesis is based on only a few small studies.
Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 trial participants were included in this review. First-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene), second-generation (aripirazole, olanzapine, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and dietary supplementation (omega-3 fatty acid) were tested. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition. Data were sparse for individual comparisons, indicating marginal effects for first-generation anti-psychotics and antidepressants. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram parameters (blood pressure and haemoglobin measurements). A significant decrease in body weight was observed in people treated with the second generation (topiramate) compared to those treated with chlorpromazine. The available evidence indicates some beneficial effects with second- generation (second-generation) antipsychotic, mood stabiliser, and dietary supplements by omega 3 fatty acids. However, these are mostly based on single study effect estimates. The long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. Total BPD severity was not significantly influenced by any drug. No promising results are available for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations of the RCT evidence that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings (among others, patients' characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods).
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Of these, two trials were added for this update. One trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcome measures. None of the trials addressed: number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Four trials compared washout (either saline or acidic solution) with no washout. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic) have an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. Two trials compared different types of washout solution; saline versus acidic solutions (2 trials); saline versus acid solution (1 trial); and saline versus antimicrobial solution (one trial). The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts were beneficial or harmful. There were very few small trials that met the review inclusion criteria. The high risk of bias of the included studies resulted in the evidence being graded as low or very low quality.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of the review and 22 studies to the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and therefore could not pool results, so we present them descriptively. Eighteen of the studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors), prevalence rates ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in 12 studies including participants aged 16 and over (13,952 survivors), the prevalence rates in this subgroup ranged from 4.8% to 35.9%. In seven studies (1907 survivors) we found that severe fatigue in survivors of haematological cancer was presented in seven studies, and in two studies (252 brain cancer survivors) it was 14.6% and 21.1% respectively. One study presented a prevalence for bone cancer survivors of 0.0% (17 survivors). Four studies provided prevalence rates of moderate fatigue in control groups of siblings or population-based controls. In these four studies, survivors were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was statistically significant in only two studies. Studies assessing risk and associated factors for fatigue were heterogeneous, and definitions of the factors under study were often inconsistent. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast, age at diagnosis and education level did not seem to be linked to fatigue. We were unable to calculate any overall risk estimate for any of the reported risks or associated factors, because we could not conduct a meta-analysis (combining of results). One study provided information about the course of fatigue over time, and found that over a course of 2.7 years, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) reported persistent severe fatigue. It is unclear how many childhood cancer survivors suffer from severe fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer. The evidence in this review is therefore weak, and we cannot be certain about the exact number of children and adults suffering from this condition. This is also the case for severe fatigue following treatment and the strength of the relationship between fatigue and associated and risk factors.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs (16 studies = 16, odds ratio (OR) 0.28, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.38) and total mortality (17 studies = 17, OR 0.75, CI 0). The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
Five studies were included in this review. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. All of them investigated educational approaches. Two studies offered consultation in addition and two other studies offered guidance for nursing staff in addition. Overall, methodological quality of studies was low. The studies revealed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in the group dwelling unit found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased significantly in the control group. There is insufficient evidence supporting the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 416 women. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310) women. For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorticoid administration in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles (until the day of oocyte retrieval) is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. More research is needed.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this update of the review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo (a pretend treatment) to standard dose rhGH. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels (low-quality evidence, limited by inconsistency across the trials, small number of participants and short duration of therapy). The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels (very low- to low quality evidence). We found improvement in height for all comparisons, but improvements in weight andLean body mass were only reported for standard doses of rhGH compared with no treatment. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality of life. There is limited evidence from three trials in improvements in exercise capacity. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. The significant change in blood glucose levels, although not causing diabetes, emphasizes the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to CF-related diabetes. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low.
We included 26 studies with a total of 1,695 participants in this review. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to low molecular weight agents in the workplace with either reducing exposure or reducing exposure. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that both reduction of exposure and removal from exposure may improve symptoms and lung function compared with continued exposure, and may also improve asthma symptoms compared to continued exposure. Reduction of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agent, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs. For continued exposure 56 per 1000 workers reported absence of symptoms at follow-up, and the decrease in forced expiratory volume in one second as a percentage of a reference value (FEV1 %) was 5.4% in the group of workers who had reduced exposure compared to those who had continued exposure during the study period. The change in non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity (NSBH) was -0.18. In 18 studies, we found that removal of exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of asthma symptoms, and it may also increase asthma symptoms when compared to continuing exposure. However, with all three outcomes, the quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. The reason for this is that the quality and quantity of the included studies was very low. In ten studies, authors compared removal from the exposure to reduction of the exposure, but not reducing exposure, to reduce exposure. There may be no considerable difference in lung function between reduction and continued exposure between the two groups. No studies reported or enabled calculation of change in NSBH. In two studies authors reported that the risk of unemployment after removal from exposed workers may increase compared with reduction. Four studies reported a decrease in income of 20% to 50% after removing from exposure. In conclusion, the results of this review are based on very low quality evidence. More high-quality studies are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of workplace interventions for occupational asthma.
The review included six trials with a total of 1758 participants. The participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. There was low quality evidence that people who stopped taking PPI because of symptoms were at increased risk of 'lack of symptom control' compared with people who continued to take PPI. However, there was a reduction in the amount of PPI pills taken per week. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding the long-term benefits and harms of stopping PPI for people with milder forms of gastroenteritis (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation). There was a decline in participant satisfaction, although heterogeneity was high. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects.
We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants). These evaluated social skills training versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence in favour of social skills programmes compared to standard care on all measures of social functioning. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills, and participants’ mental state results were better in the group receiving social skill programmes. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills. Quality of life was also improved in the social skills group compared to the standard care group. However, when social skills programs were compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014.
Only one study, at low risk of bias, met the inclusion criteria. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 participants, 145 with tophi at baseline) randomised to one of three arms; pegloticase infusion every two weeks (biweekly, monthly or alternating with placebo infusion) and placebo. Moderate-quality evidence from one study indicated that biweekly (two times a week) infusion reduced tophi in a small number of participants with gout, but increased withdrawals due to adverse events in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more participants withdrawing from the study due to side effects than placebo. Most withdrawals were due to infusion reactions. In the placebo group, 80% of side effects were related to flare-ups of gout that were probably unrelated to the drug treatment per se, which may explain the high rate of adverse events for those who were treated with placebo. Eleven of 52 participants with monthly treatment had complete resolution of one or more tophi compared with 2/27 who received placebo. Participant-reported pain relief of 30% or greater, function, quality of life, serum urate normalisation, and serum urine normalisation were reported for all participants but not separately for tophi; therefore, we did not include the results of this study in this review.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC of which three met the inclusion criteria. In this review of the three eligible trials (including 2095 neonates), the oral administration of IgG or an IgG/IgA combination did not result in a significant reduction in the incidence of NEC (typical risk ratio (RR) 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.57 to 1.25; typical risk difference (RD) -3 studies, 1840 infants), risk of NEC, suspected NEC, need for surgery or death from NEC. Based on the available trials, the evidence does not support the routine use of oral IgA for preventing NEC.
The review of trials found that postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the risk of developing a metastasis, could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. Our synthesis showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others (moderate confidence). The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge (high confidence). Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be problems. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality, and some clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages (low confidence). Clients wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them. They had preferences for different delivery channels (e.g. short message service (SMS) or interactive voice response) and they also had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues (moderate confident). The clients' views about who sent the digital health communication could influence their views of the programme. For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables. Our matrix shows that many of the trials assessing these type of programmes did not try to address the problems we identified, although this may have been a reporting issue. These include barriers to use that have equity implications. Programme planners should take these factors into account when designing and implementing programmes. Future trial authors also need to actively address these factors and to report their efforts in trial publications.
Twenty-three trials involving 2467 people were included in this review. Comparing methadone versus any other pharmacological treatment, we observed no clinical difference between the two treatments in terms of completion of treatment, number of participants abstinent at follow-up, degree of discomfort for withdrawal symptoms and adverse events, although it was impossible to pool data for the last two outcomes. These results were confirmed also when we considered the single comparisons (11 studies), adrenergic agonists (11 trials), other opioids (eight trials), anxiolytic (two trials), paiduyangsheng (one trial) and placebo (two studies). More severe withdrawal and more drop-outs were found in the placebo group. Data from literature are hardly comparable; programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of meta-analysis. The results of this review confirm that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity. Nevertheless, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin use.
The aim of this review was to assess the value of antagonist-induced withdrawal under heavy sedation or anaesthesia. Nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. Given that the adverse events are potentially life-threatening and the high cost of these approaches, both in monetary terms and use of scarce intensive care resources, this form of treatment should not be pursued.
Molindone is one of the most widely used antipsychotic drugs in the world. The review of trials found that it is no more or less likely than other typical antipsychotics to cause movement disorders, but it does cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams, and combination therapies (hydroquinone cream and glycolic acid peels), as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. Not all studies reported population characteristics, of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. 83% of participants were white and 40% were male. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure and those undergoing surgery for the first time receiving regular-dose 5-FU postoperative injections (RR 0.67, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.51 to 0.88). This translates to a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome of 4.1 for the high-risk of failure patients, and 5.0 for the primary-trabeculothoracic group receiving postoperative 5.FU. No surgical failures were detected in studies assessing combined surgery. No evidence was found of an increased risk of serious sight-threatening complications. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in patients receiving intraoperative (before and after) 5.5-FU injections (MD -1.04 and 0.96, respectively) and regular dose (MD 4.67) postoperatively and intraoperatively. No significant change occurred in the combined surgery group receiving low-dose postoperative (MD 0.50 and CI -2.96 to 1.96). Intraoperative pressure was particularly reduced in the high risk-of-failure patients (MD 16.30 and 95% CI -18.63 to -13.97). No difference was detected for combined surgery (MD 1.02 and 95%). None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care, which constitutes a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this. The quality of the evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the quality of evidence for combined surgical procedures (MD 118 and 95%) and the evidence for the low dose postoperative injection (MD 76). The combined surgery subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the low-dosage postoperative group because of the small number of participants (76) and the risk of bias of the only contributing study. The evidence was of very low quality. This means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review found that long-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients, although one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. There was no statistically significant effect on mortality. Long term use of ICS reduced the mean rate of exacerbations in those studies where pooling of data was possible (generic inverse variance analysis: mean difference (MD) 5.80 mL/year with ICS over placebo, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.28 to 11.88, 2333 participants). There was an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness in the long term studies. The rate of pneumonia was increased in the ICS group compared to placebo, in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event (OR 1.56; 95% CI 1.30 to 1.86, 6235 participants). Long-term studies that measured bone effects generally showed no major effect on fractures and bone mineral density over three years.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. NSAIDs versus placebo Among women with primary dysmenorrhoea, NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo. This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. There was no evidence of a difference between NSAIDs and placebo with regard to adverse effects, though data were very scanty. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%) and a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmenoa. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. However, the available evidence had little power to detect such differences, as most individual comparisons were based on very few small trials.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity. In the main analysis, we assessed mortality occurring before hospital discharge only in those studies (involving 2417 participants) that compared the high-PEEP versus the same-volume PEEP. With the three studies that were included, the meta-analysis revealed no statistically significant differences between the two groups (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.01), nor was there any statistically significant difference seen in the risk of barotrauma (head injury). Oxygenation was improved in participants receiving high-level PEEP, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels of pneumatic ventilator pressure.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from this review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for renal replacement therapy (RRT) in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies and the number with author-defined kidney failure (15 studies, 1361 patients). The risk of AKI based on kidney failure criteria for AKI was in contrast in favour of HES therapies (20 studies, 8769 patients). However, when urine output based outcomes were excluded as per study protocol, the direction of risk was again favoured the other fluid type, with a non-significant risk of acute kidney injury in HES-treated patients (8445 patients). No differences between subgroups for the RRT and kidney failure-related outcomes were seen between sepsis versus non-sepsis patients, high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low MW and DS, or high versus low dose treatments (i.e. ≥ 2 L versus < 2 L). There were differences in the risk of kidney injury between the two groups for the kidney injury-related outcome only. Overall, methodological quality of the studies was good. The current evidence suggests that all HES products increase the risk in AKI and RRT in all patient populations and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of haemodialysis products.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found no evidence that the use of rheum Officinale is beneficial for patients with chronic kidney disease. The quality of the available evidence was low or very low. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rheam officinare. There is no current evidence to support its use.
We included 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413 (51%) with dementia). The IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. There was significant heterogeneity in the included studies, including a highly varied prevalence of dementia (10.5% to 87.4%). Across the included papers there was substantial potential for bias, particularly around sampling of included participants and selection criteria, which may limit generalisability. The language of administration did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool. The findings of this review are qualified by the significant heterogeneity, the potential for systematic errors and suboptimal reporting of the studies.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants in this review. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. All three studies scored 'low quality' on the methodological quality assessment, implying high risk of bias. There was low quality evidence for mCIMTs improving upper limb motor function and spasticities in chronic stroke survivors with residual voluntary upper limb activity, up to six months, and'very low quality' evidence for dynamic elbow splintings and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. There is no evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD rehabilitation in improving active function and impairments in adults after BoNT. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) and intensity of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults and children with post-stroke Spasticity, in the short and longer term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area.
Four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, were included in this review. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone, and a third trial compared combination treatment with lamivudiudine and hibiclovir (HBIg) versus lamividine alone after one month of combination treatment. A fourth trial compared the combination of lamivuine and haematopoietic beta-blockers (LBIg and adefovir dipivoxil) versus a combination of LBIg plus lamivuzudine plus HBIG after at least 12 months of treatment. Statistically significant differences were not detected in any of the comparisons and outcomes. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised controlled trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large randomised trials comparing long-term combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone are needed.
The review of trials found that sulphonylurea (sugar pill) with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at two years was 30% in the SU group compared to 5% in conventional care group). There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes). Two studies show SU leading to earlier insulin use and a meta-analysis of four studies with considerable heterogeneity showed poorer metabolic control if SU is prescribed for patients with LADA compared to insulin. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. Novel treatments such as GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide) in certain doses (20 μg) have been suggested to maintain fasting and stimulated C-peptide levels. However, there is no significant evidence for or against other lines of treatment.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies (42,784 participants) were included in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. Outcomes at four or more months post-intervention were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained beyond the immediate short term. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented was of very low quality. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions to functional activities improve function or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) measured by the Short Form-12 at four week follow-up, compared to not providing this. There is also insufficient evidence to support or refute the adoption of a postoperative community rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and education compared to conventional rehabilitation strategies based on functional outcomes. Further high-quality trials are warranted to assess the outcomes of different occupational therapy interventions both in the short and longer-term. An assessment of the impact of such interventions on pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL and instrumental ADL is needed, and also of functional integration-type interventions rather than just hip precautions.
Three randomised controlled trials were included in this review. In two trials, there was a statistically significant reduction in the recurrence of painful periods in the LNG-IUD group compared with expectant management (moderate strength of evidence). The proportion of women who were satisfied with their treatment was also higher but did not reach statistical significance (RR 1.21, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 1.82, 95 women, I2 = 0%). The number of women reporting a change in menstruation was significantly higher in both groups but the percentage of women not completing the allocated treatment did not differ between groups. In one trial, women receiving LNGs reported lower pain scores compared with women receiving gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists but this did not result in statistical significance. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative use of an intrauterine device (IUD) reduces the risk of painful period recurrence in women with endometriosis. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings, with adult participants (17/24), and used between-participants designs (19/24). All studies were from high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. Eighteen studies investigated proximity interventions. Most (14/18) changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the certainty of this evidence as assessed by GRADE is low or very low. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, intervening across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco products - and over sustained time periods.
We found no randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of two or more antiretroviral drugs for occupational PEP. Only one case-control study was included. This study showed that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing HIV seroconversion. HIV transmission was significantly associated with deep injury, visible blood on the device, procedures involving a needle placed in the patient's blood vessel, and terminal illness in the source patient. After controlling for these risk factors, no differences were detected in the rates at which cases and controls were offered post-exposure prophylaxis with zidovudine. However, cases had significantly lower odds of having taken the drug after exposure compared to controls. Adherence to and complications with PEP  Eight reports from observational comparative studies confirmed findings that adverse events were higher with a three-drug regimen, especially one containing indinavir, but discontinuation rates were not significantly different. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, are required. We recommend a formal systematic review of all relevant animal studies.
This review found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. CBT but not behaviour therapy has small effects on disability associated with chronic pain, with some maintenance at six months. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood, but showed a small improvement in mood immediately following treatment compared with an active control. The quality of the trial design has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not. There is no need for more general RCTs reporting group mean: rather, different types of studies and analyses are needed to identify which components of CBT work for which type of patient on which outcome/s, and to try to understand why.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in this review. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Ten of the 10 initiatives provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). As required by the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method, we graded the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias of the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. The quality of evidence for the main outcome was low. We could perform a sensitivity analysis only for impact. The number of initiatives was insufficient to permit other subgroup analyses, including stratification by intervention type, economic status of country and duration (or start year) of the initiative. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population and rigorous measurement of dietary sodium intake. However, all studies were scored as having high-risk of bias, reflecting the observational nature of the research and the use of an uncontrolled study design.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol and levodopa were compared with placebo. The results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no difference or harm. These were the specific findings for each of the drugs according to specific outcomes: 1. amitriptyne versus placebo for masseteric electromyography (EMG) activity per minute; 2. bromocyriptine versus placebo: mean difference (MD) 0.60 (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.93 to 4.13), bruxism bursts per hour; or number of episodes with grinding noise (MD 2.40; 95% CI -24.00 to 28.80), 3. clonsidine versus placebo; mean difference: 2.41 (DCI -4.84 to 0.02), 4. pro pranolol versus placebo, 5. L-tryptophan versus placebo (MD 1.47 (95 % confidence interval -3.64 to 2.70), for a total of 6.47 episodes per hour of sleep); and 6. Levodopa versus placebo. We combined the results for most comparisons because of statistical imprecision. The use of preventive medication avoided any adverse effects in people treated with levodoprofen and bromcriptine. However, results for other sleep-related outcomes were uncertain. Adverse effects included drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia compared with 0/10 in the placebo group. Clonidine was associated with prolonged morning hypotension in three of 16 participants. This systematic review points to the need for more, well-designed, RCTs.
We identified 10 randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1015 participants. All studies compared an immunonutrition enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoside (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid), and antioxidants) with placebo or no intervention. The studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found no evidence that immunonutnutrition with omega 3 fatty acids or antioxidants improves the number of days spent on the ventilator, the length of time spent in the ICU, or oxygenation at day 4. We are uncertain whether these supplements increase adverse events such as cardiac events, gastrointestinal events, or total adverse events due to the very low quality of evidence. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes.
We found 33 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different methods of eliciting AEs with each other. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with different designs, populations, and methods of questioning. We found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between elicitation methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. This under-detection could compromise ability to pool AE data. The impact on the type of AE detected by different methods is unclear. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. Future studies would be improved by using and reporting clear definitions and terminology for AEs (and other important variables), frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, coded, and tabulated/reported.
We included 15 studies in this review. Eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP; five studies measured the sensitivity of devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure it; and two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing SUDEP. One study is awaiting classification. We found very low-quality evidence of a protective effect for nocturnal supervision against SUDEP in people with epilepsy. This effect was found when a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used, independent of seizure control. Non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and number of hospital attendances were not reported. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions in preventingSUDEP.
This review included seven studies with a total of 208 people with cystic fibrosis aged between seven and 63 years of age. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over in design; participant numbers ranged from 17 to 75. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. The studies recruited a range of participants and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. The review's primary outcome, forced expiratory volume in one second, was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies; only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing active cycle of breathing techniques, but not with autogenic ventilation. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome; six studies reported sputum weight. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic drain was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in a study over postural drainage and percussion. Autogenic drainage is a challenging technique that requires commitment from the individual. As such, this intervention merits systematic review to ensure its effectiveness for people with CF.
Twenty-five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review, of which 22 studies (1060 participants) contributed data to meta-analyses. Based on thirteen studies, psychological therapies, all using a CBT approach, were more effective than TAU/WL in achieving clinical response at post-treatment, and also in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms. Six studies compared CBT against supportive therapy (non-directive therapy and attention-placebo conditions). No significant difference in clinical response was indicated between CBT and supportive therapy, however, significant heterogeneity was indicated, which was partly explained by the number of therapy sessions. Psychological therapy based on CBT principles is effective for short-term treatment of anxiety symptoms. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD.
Twelve randomised controlled trials (1,856 women) met the inclusion criteria. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-centre trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. Eight of the included trials compared treatment with placebo and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. The meta-analysis of all women, suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women given progestogens compared to placebo/controls (moderate-quality evidence). A subgroup analysis comparing placebo-controlled versus non-placebo-controlled trials, trials of women with three or more prior miscarriages compared to women with two or more miscarriages and different routes of administration showed no clear differences between subgroups for miscarriage. None of the trials reported on any secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. There was probably a slight benefit for women receiving progestogenesis seen in the outcome of live birth rate. We are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. No clear differences were seen for women for the other secondary outcomes including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth. There may be little or no difference in low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to special care units.
We included 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) examined MIB interventions versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. The included trials rarely captured maternal and neonatal outcomes. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at delivery, or low birth weight. However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups compared to control groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test at the start of treatment) and low quality evidence that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psychological interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. These results held for both CM and MIB combined. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term adverse clinical events (NACE) (i.e. assessed during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up) (4 studies; moderate quality evidence), cardiac death (11 studies, 11,170 participants), bleeding (20 studies, 23,043 participants), and access site complications (24 studies, 16,112 participants). However, the risk of myocardial infarction (a heart attack) was similar between both groups (high quality evidence). There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because participants were aware of the intervention they were receiving. This and small sample sizes meant that the overall certainty of all the evidence was very low. One individually randomised trial (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a team of carers (carers who represent the decision-makers of a family carer) for people who were hospitalised for an acute illness. While this trial reported that a plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group (risk ratio (RR) 5.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.37 to 25.02), the plan was only adopted for two participants while in hospital. We found no evidence that the intervention affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. One cluster trial (256 participants, each enrolled with family carers) evaluated a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options for nursing home residents with dementia. Data for 90 participants (35% of the original study) met the definition of advanced dementia for this review and were re-analysed for the purposes of the review. In this subset, intervention surrogates had lower scores for decisional conflict measured on the Decisional Conflict Scale and were more likely than those in the control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician, but imprecision meant that there was significant uncertainty about both results. There were only two included studies in this review, with variation in interventions and in the settings that made it impossible to conduct a meta-analysis of data for any outcome. Thus, we conclude that there is not enough evidence to assess the effect on death rates or the need for resuscitation. The fact that there are six ongoing studies at the time of this review indicates an increased interest in this area by researchers, which is welcome and needed.
The review of trials found that there were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence, overall survival, relapse-free survival, or metastasis free survival based on 1166 randomised women in three trials. On the basis of one trial (244 women), RT before CT was associated with an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis compared with CT before RT, but other measures of toxicity did not differ between the two types of sequencing. The data included in this review, from three well-conducted randomised trials, suggest that different methods of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo (a pretend treatment). The other three trials compared crP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. Overall, we found no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of crP supplements in overweight or obese adults.
Eleven studies with a total of 886 participants were included in the review. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a variety of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. Two comparisons compared different iodine preparations with no antiseptic treatment. The outcome data available were limited and what evidence there was was low quality. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate. There is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptics/antibiotics/anti-bacteria preparations evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small participant numbers and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-RCTs (1181 participants, 8037 live births); two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower-third-income country (Bangladesh), and three studies in a high-incomecountry (Canada). Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination for attrition and contamination. None of the included RCTs reported neural tube defects as an outcome. In one non-randomised trial, wheat flour fortified with foli acid and other nutrients was associated with significantly lower occurrence of total neural tube birth defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly, compared to unfortified flour (low-certainty evidence). Folate status: pregnant women who received folic acids-fortified maize porridge had significantly higher erythrocyte folate concentrations (mean difference (MD) 238.90 nmol/L, 95% CI 149.40 to 328.40); one study, 38 women, and higher plasma folate (MD 14.98 nmol or L) concentrations compared to no intervention. Haemoglobin or anaemia: there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on haemoglobin concentrations or on anaemia in children. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flour fortification with folate and other minerals did not have higher serum folate or plasma folate concentrations. The certainty of the evidence was very low or low for all outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2018.
We identified six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. Two randomised controlled trials assessing neonatal screening in CF were identified; data from one study were included. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters within normal limits of at least 89% predicted. Severe malnutrition was less common among screened participants. Compared with screened participants, the odds ratio of weight below the tenth percentile and for height was 4.62 (95% CI 1.69 to 12.61) in the control group at age seven. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were significantly better in screened participants; 33% compared with 50% of control participants had Wisconsin chest X-ray (WCXR) scores over five (P = 0.097) and 24% compared to 45% in control participants (BCXR scores under 21). However, over time, chest radiographs were worse in the screened group. Results were no longer significant after adjustment for genotype, pancreatic status, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa-culture results. In screened participants colonisation of the lungs occurred earlier. Estimates suggest diagnosis through screening is less expensive. Nutritional benefits are apparent. Screening provides potential for better pulmonary outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' (< 120 mmHg) or'standard' (< 140 mmHG) systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. Despite achieving a significantly lower BP, and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant benefit was a reduction in the incidence of stroke: risk ratio (RR) 0.58, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.88, absolute risk reduction 1.1%. The effect of SBP targets on mortality was compatible with both a reduction and an increase in risk: RR 1.05 CI 1.84 to 1.30, low quality evidence. There was a trend towards reduction in total mortality in the group assigned to the lower' DBP target, mainly due to a trend to lower non-cardiovascular mortality. There was no difference in stroke, myocardial infarction or congestive heart failure. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse events were not reported in any of the trials. A sensitivity analysis of trials comparing DBP targets < 80 mm Hg (as suggested in clinical guidelines) versus < 90 mm HG showed similar results. At the present time, evidence from randomized trials does not support blood pressure target lower than the standard targets in people with elevated blood pressure and diabetes. Further trials are needed.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in healing diabetes related plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met the inclusion criteria for the review. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training, two of compensatory strategy training, one of meditation and one of physical activity intervention were identified. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Data for our primary outcome of interest, cognitive function, were not amenable to being pooled statistically. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on objectively assessed cognitive function (including processing speed, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed- and immediate- memory, self-reported cognitive function and spiritual quality of life), subjectively reported cognitive function or mental well-being immediately after the intervention and up to two months post-intervention, and two months later. The meta-analyses of two RCTs (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from the use of cognitive training on physical well being immediately (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.59 to 0.83; I2= 67%) or two months after the end of the intervention. Compensatory strategy-training demonstrated improvements on delayed-, immediate- and verbal-memory (self-reported and cognitive function) and spiritual QoL (QoL). However, this evidence was rated as low quality and, therefore, findings should be interpreted with caution. Evidence for physical activity and meditation interventions on cognitive outcomes is unclear. Overall, the, albeit low-quality evidence may be interpreted to suggest that non-pharmacological interventions may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following systemic cancer treatment. Larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active attentional control group, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) are required in order to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this intervention approach. There is also a need to conduct research into cognitive impairment among cancer patient groups other than women with breast cancer.
We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and piperacetazine. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS). No clear difference was observed (MD -0.40, 95% CI -1.41 to 0.61; participants = 182; studies = 1; very low-quality evidence). Chlorpromazine appears no worse or better than piper acetazine regarding adverse effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear differences in numbers of participants leaving the study early for any reason was observed. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. The results of this review show that chlorpromamide and p Piperacetazine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on very small numbers of people and the evidence is of very low quality. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Currently, should clinicians and people with schizophrenia need to choose between these two drugs, they should be aware there is no good quality evidence to base decisions. More high quality research is needed.
Five randomised trials were identified with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stenting and 105 to emergency surgery. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between the two groups. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups and the stent related perforation rate was 5.88%. There was a statistically significant higher clinical success rate for emergency surgery in the group. However, there was no difference in overall complication rate. The complication rate was 39.22% in the colic group and 45.71% for the emergency group and the mean hospital stay was 11.53 days. The mean procedure/operating time was 113.93 minutes in both the group of patients with stent and the group with emergency surgery and the average blood loss was 50 ml. The use of stents seems to be as safe as emergency surgery with no significant differences in the mortality and morbidity. The advantages of stent placement over emergency surgery include shorter hospital stay and procedure time and less blood loss.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin (seven trials), human heparin (two trials), and mannitol (one trial) versus placebo or no treatment for the prevention of OHSS. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though heterogeneity was substantial (seven studies, 1452 high risk women; I² = 69%, very low quality evidence). This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to 12%) with the use of albumin. However, there was some evidence that albumin may have a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates. If the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it will probably be about 32% (27% to 38%). There was also evidence that HES reduced OHSS rates by 5% (2% to 10%) and there was no evidence of an effect on the pregnancy rate. There were no data on live birth rates in any of the studies. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions.
Ten studies involving 484 patients were included. The evidence did not suggest superior efficacy or patient satisfaction for any one sclerosing agent used in the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs, but the agents studied showed superiority to a normal saline placebo. There was some evidence suggesting that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS), an anti-inflammatory agent, was more painful than POL, heparsal (20% saline mixed with heparin 100 units/mL) or placebo, but there was no evidence that POL was more or less painful than placebo. Evidence from one study suggested that high-temperature (hypertonic) saline (HS) was worse than normal saline. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis. The amount of available evidence in this field is small and the overall methodological quality of the research was poor, as was the quality of reporting. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 241 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials compared different treatments for hyperkalaemia. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. Of the studied agents, salbutamol via any route and insulin-dextrose appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as IV sodium bicarbonate or aminophylline. The effectiveness of potassium binding resins and IV calcium salts has not been tested in RCTs and requires further study before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of high blood potassium levels is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes.
The evidence is current to August 2015. We included 29 studies, enrolling 4216 participants, in this review. The studies compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotics and non-antibiotic) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. However, only 30 studies, involving 3392 participants, contained enough data to be included in the review. Studies reported the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Antibiotic lock solutions probably reduce CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however the effect on the risk of developing a blood clot is uncertain (14 studies: high certainty evidence). The combination of antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions showed that both probably reduced CRI and risk of blood clots (4 studies: 4 studies: 3 studies: 2 studies: 1 study: 1) compared to the control group (13 studies: 47% certainty evidence, 13 studies: 0.30, 95% confidence in the evidence). However, there was little or no difference between the two groups of studies in terms of the number of patients with CRI. The evidence for the effectiveness and safety of antimicrobial locking solutions is low and very low; therefore, better-designed studies are needed.
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared pre-emptive therapy with placebo or standard care (where no treatment was given) to prevent CMV disease in people receiving solid organ transplants. We found 15 eligible studies (1098 participants). Of the 15 included studies, six looked at the effects of pre-eternal treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at pre-estrogen treatment versus antiviral prophylaxis (where antiviral drugs are given to treat CMV), and one reported on oral versus intravenous pre-initiation. The evidence is current to August 2015. Pre-emptives are effective in preventing CMV-related disease in solid organ transplant recipients compared with placebo, standard care or antiviral treatment. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. Leucopenia (inflammation of the mucus membranes) was significantly less common with pre-ets than with antiviral therapy. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. Additional head-to-head studies are required to determine the relative benefits and harms of the pre-ethic and antiviral therapies to preventCMV disease. All studies were considered to be at low risk of bias, and seven studies were of high quality for selective reporting. Only one study reported adequate blinding of participants and personnel; no study reported blinding of outcome assessment.
Three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) met our inclusion criteria: these investigated a total of 140 participants and ranged from six weeks to five months in duration. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. All trials compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. There was a statistically significant improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo (mean difference -0.3%). No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is insufficient evidence to guide clinical practice. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations need to be addressed.
We found 19 studies that compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiratory pressure. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the included studies blinded participants or the personnel applying the interventions. Most studies reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. Five studies, with data from eight different comparators, found that the activity of the breathing technique was comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. All other outcomes were either not measured or had insufficient data for analysis. Longer-term studies are needed to more adequately assess the effects on outcomes important for people with cystic fibrosis.
This review has provided evidence that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. Live birth was not reported in the included studies.
This review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, found that a long IT was associated with a significant increase in air leak and death before hospital discharge. There was no significant difference in the incidence of BPD. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care, because the studies included in this review were conducted prior to the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of ventilatory support. Most of the participants had single pathology (HMD) and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons such as meconium aspiration and congenital heart disease (lungs with normal compliance). However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are clinically important; thus, infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients in this review. The TFU has been applied in many patient groups. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFI, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. The low methodological quality of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution. No adverse effects were reported. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We identified 38 trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials retention was the number of participants remaining in the trial. Included trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated questionnaire response. Strategies that improved trial retention were addition of monetary incentives compared with no incentive for return of trial-related postal questionnaires (RR 1.18; 95% CI 1.09 to 1.28, P value < 0.0001), addition of an offer of monetary incentive compared with a no-monetary incentive, and offer of a GBP20 voucher compared with GBP10 for the return of postal and biomedical tests. The evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires was unclear and the evidence for questionnaires relevant to the disease/condition was also unclear. Although each was based on the results of a single trial, recorded delivery of questionnaires seemed to be more effective than telephone reminders and a 'package' of postal communication strategies with reminder letters appeared to be better than standard procedures. An open trial design also appeared more effective in one fracture prevention trial. There was no evidence that a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. As our analyses are based on single trials, the effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to trial sites and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further evaluation.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. No studies reported significant differences between devices in relation to the primary review outcome: failure to adequately mechanically ventilate. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. We evaluated this outcome by assessing two variables: inadequate oxygenation (four studies, 617 participants) and inadequate ventilation (not estimable; one study, 80 participants). More time was required to establish an effective airway using the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway (two studies, 434 participants). Peak airway pressure during positive pressure ventilation was lower in participants using the Classic larynx airway, but this is unlikely to be clinically meaningful. Peak oropharynx pressure was higher in participants with the Pro-Seal device (six studies, 709 participants). The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision. Data show no important differences between device types with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. Data were insufficient to allow estimation of differences for obstruction related to device. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low because of issues with study design and reporting.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. Participants were aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. All 19 RCTs had follow-up ranging from one to five months. The studies fell into four categories: trials of probiotic-based interventions (13 studies), trials of fibre-based treatments (four studies), and trials of fructose-restricted diets (one study). We found that children treated with probiotics reported a greater reduction in pain frequency at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and significant heterogeneity. The estimated number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive probiotics for one to experience improvement in pain in this timescale. The evidence for this outcome was of moderate quality because of small numbers of participants and differences between the studies. We found no evidence to support the use of low FODMAP diets or fructose- restricted diets. We were unable to perform any meta-analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of life.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Most studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. The median standardised mean difference (SMD) for the three trials with continuous outcomes was -0.25 (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.39 to +0.31) and the median SMD for the two studies with dichotomous discrimination outcomes was 1.30 (95 CI 0.53 to 3.19) and 1.19 (95CI 0.85 to 1.65). The 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had median SMDs favouring the intervention, at the three following time periods: -038 (immediate), -0 38 (1 week to 2 months) and -049 (6 to 9 months). SMDs for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from -2.94 (-95% CI -3.52 to +2.37) to 2.40 (-0.62 to 4.18). The average SMDs indicate that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from that associated with schizophrenia to the level associated with major depression. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Data on secondary outcomes were sparse. Cost data were provided on request for three studies, and did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies, including 455 participants, contained statements about adverse effects and neither reported finding any. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. Our review found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. The findings are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for side effects and very low for costs.
We included 85 studies in our review. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies looked at the views of healthcare providers, and 22 studies included views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income country, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. We developed 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context (11 findings, five moderate- or high-confidence); service design and provision (24 findings, 15 moderate- and high-quality); and what matters to women and staff (17 findings, 11 moderate-or-high-confidence). The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas; personalised supportive care, and information and safety. We also developed two lines of argument, using high- or moderate-confidence findings: for women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women’s need for privacy, and that allow staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. For healthcare providers to deliver the kind of relationship-based, locally accessible ANC that is likely to facilitate access by women, the capacity to provide sufficient resources and staffing as well, as well as the time to provide flexible personalised private appointments that do not overload staff with organisational tasks. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value kind and caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, who respect women's belief that pregnancy is usually a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Healthcare providers also require sufficient training and education to do their job well, and an adequate salary, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to supplement their income, or to fund essential supplies. This review has identified key barriers and facilitators to the uptake (or not) of ANC services by pregnant women, and in the provision and improvement of ANC by healthcare providers for healthy pregnancies. It complements existing effectiveness reviews of models of ANC provision and adds essential insights into why a particular type of ANC provided in specific local contexts may or may not be acceptable, accessible, or valued by some pregnant women and their families/communities. Those providing and funding services should consider the three theyatic domains identified by the review as a basis for service development and improvement. Such developments should include pregnant and postnatal communities, community members and other relevant stakeholders.
Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review; three of the studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after aneurysmal SAH. However, the results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral calcium antagonists; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice on the basis of the present evidence. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 739 children with high-risk neuroblastoma. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. The first updated search identified a manuscript reporting additional follow-up data for one of these RCTs, while the second update identified an erratum of this study. There was a significant statistical difference in event-free survival in favour of myeloablative therapy over conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment (three studies, 739 patients; HR 0.78, 95% CI 0.67 to 0.90). However, there was no evidence of effect when additional data were included in the analyses. The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death did not show any significant statistical differences between the treatment groups. Survival rates may be overestimated due to the inclusion of patients with intermediate-risk disease. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis, veno-occlusive disease and serious infections and sepsis compared to conventional chemotherapy. No information on quality of life was reported. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups, but the results were not univocal in all studies. All studies had some methodological limitations. No definitive conclusions can be made regarding adverse effects and quality of lives, although possible higher levels of adverse effects should be kept in mind. A definitive conclusion regarding the best treatment strategy is not possible. The best study design to answer these questions is a randomized controlled trial. These trials should be performed in homogeneous study populations (e.g. stage of disease and patient age) and have a long-term follow up. Different risk groups, using the most recent definitions, should be taken into account.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) comparing TACE followed by 3-DCRT with TACE alone. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration of the trials was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that TACE plus 3-dCRT may be associated with lower all-cause mortality and increased tumour response, despite the increased toxicity expressed by a higher rise of total bilirubin. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE compared with Tace alone showed no difference in the results for proportion of participants with leukopenia and serum transaminases elevation (very low-certainty evidence). However, the percentage of participants without decline or normalisation was significantly lower in the TACE group than in the group receiving TACE. Data on serious adverse events and health-related quality of life are lacking. We are very uncertain about the results of the reported non-significant adverse events. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low to very low. All eight trials were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may be biased in favour of one treatment over another.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. To date, no randomised trials are available that examine the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) chronic lung disease.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or low for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for two outcomes. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain. We conclude that two-dimensional ultrasound offers small gains in safety and quality when compared with an anatomical landmark technique (arterial puncture, haematoma formation) or femoral vein (success on the first attempt) cannulation for central vein catheterization. Data on insertion by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking.
Fifteen studies were included using four different methods of administration of physostigmine. Four studies, 29 people used intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people, used a controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 people used verum skin patch. Intravenous infusion  There are no usable results from the intravenous infusions. Oral form  The few results from trials of the conventional oral version showed no benefit of physstigmine compared with placebo.   Controlled release  The results from two of the four studies of the controlled release form apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. The best dose physostgmine was associated with improvement on the Alzheimer's disease activity scale (ADAS-Cog) at 6, 12 weeks. There were significantly higher numbers of patients withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating. There was no difference between the higher and lower dose (higher and lower) of the drug for numbers improved (CGIC) at 24 weeks. Verum patch  The double dose (delivering mean dose 12 mg/day) resulted in significantly more numbers suffering nausea and vomiting, nausea, or abdominal cramps, and the lower dose 5.7mg/day resulted in a significantly higher number suffering gastrointestinal complaints. The evidence of effectiveness of a controlled release formulation designed to overcome the short half-life was limited and adverse effects remained common leading to a high rate of withdrawal.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with history of stroke, and one trial recruited a mix of people with CVD and CVD. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that fibrates were effective in preventing stroke, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death. However, this beneficial effect relies on the inclusion of clofibrate data, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to its unacceptably large adverse effects. There was no increase in adverse events with fibrate compared to control. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate.
Twelve trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants) satisfied inclusion criteria and contributed data to the analysis. All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. Overall, included studies had moderate risk of bias for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding, selective reporting and incomplete data. The quality of evidence was also as assessed using GRADE. The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL was less common in women who received TA versus placebo and no intervention (six trials, 1398 women; moderate quality evidence). The effect was more pronounced in the group of women having vaginal birth (two trials, 559 women) than in women having CS (four trials, 1534 women). Mean blood loss (from delivery until two hours postpartum) was lower (five trials, 1186 women) and this effect was similar following vaginal birth and CS. Additional medical interventions (moderate quality evidence) and blood transfusions were less frequent in women receiving TA compared to placebo (no intervention) or no interventions. Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness were more common with the use of TA. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with TA. Effects on maternal mortality, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events and mortality as well as its use in high-risk women should be investigated further.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine with placebo, paracetamol (one trial: 69 children) or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat influenza A in children and the elderly. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in China, India, Japan, South Korea and the United States of America. We found no studies assessing the effect of rimantadines in children or elderly. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with amantdine or rimantanadine. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drugs was not well established. The results of this review do not indicate that amantADine and rimantenadine compared to control (placebo or paracetemol) could be useful in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of influenza A for children and elderly.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies they were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared the same treatment in the cycle prior to IUI with the IUI cycle. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of endometrium injury. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether endometric injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the risk of bias in the included studies. When we restricted the analysis to only studies at low risk of systematic error the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometral injury was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS). However, only one study reported this outcome. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the procedure. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution. The main reasons for this are that most included studies were at a high risk of random error and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (3905 participants), all of which were at high risk of bias. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We found no high-quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Evidence for other outcomes is inconclusive. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We were unable to determine whether or not professional care resulted in a lower incidence rate of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with usual care over an 18-month period (one study, 2513 participants analysed; low quality evidence). We were also unable to reach any conclusions about the number of first episodes of pneumonia due to pneumonia in nursing home residents over a 24-month follow-up period (two studies, 507 participants analysed). There was no evidence of a reduction in all-cause mortality compared to usual care. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which was oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care (where there was no treatment). Although the evidence suggests that professional care could reduce the risk of dying from pneumonia, this finding must be considered with caution. Further trials are needed to draw reliable conclusions.
Five randomised controlled trials (149 participants) met the inclusion criteria for this review. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (fake medicine), mesalazine with or without cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate (a drug used in the treatment of active lymphocytic colitis) versus placebo. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was significantly more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. Clinical response was noted in 88% (2 studies; 57 participants) and 78% (3 studies; 39 participants) of budesonid patients compared to 38% of placebo patients, respectively. Histological response was observed in 78% of patients in the budesonidine group compared to 33% in the placebo group. Forty-one patients were enrolled in the study assessing mesalidine (2.4 g/day) versus mesalane plus cholestramine (4 g). Clinical response in 85% (1 study; 85 patients) of patients receiving mesalamide plus a placebo was noted compared to 86% (one study; low quality evidence). There were no differences in clinical remission at 8 weeks of treatment and 12 months of treatment in patients receiving budesonides (5 mg/daily or 10 mg daily for 8 weeks versus placebo). There was no difference in clinical (P=0.10) or histological (0.71) responses in patients treated with either budesonoids (5mg/day or placebo) compared with placebo (GRADE = very low). Forty-six patients were enrolling in the trial studying the drug beclomipramine dipropate (10 mg or 5 mg per day) versus the placebo (2 g per day). No differences were observed between the two groups. Side effects were reported in the two studies. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in the mesalaneside study. Adverse events in the other studies were nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. No side effects were observed in the bismuther subsalcylate study. No adverse events were reported for the beclometrica dipropiate study. The study which assessed mesalamines versus mesalesalazine plus a fake medicine and the study which evaluated beclomicines versus mesalsalazine was judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (patients and researchers were aware of which treatment they were receiving). The other 3 studies were judged to have a very small sample size and limited data. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low due to the small number of participants in the studies.
Twelve randomised controlled trials were included and evaluated outcomes in 3259 randomised patients. Intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring, one study compared SMBG with SMUG and one study was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG versus usual care, and one trial compared less intensive and more intensive SMBG versus a control group. Meta-analysis of studies including patients with a diabetes duration of one year or more showed a statistically significant SMBG induced decrease in HbA1c at up to six months follow-up (-0.3; 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.4 to 0.1; 2324 participants, nine trials), yet an overall statistically non-significant SMBG-induced decrease was seen at 12 month follow up (493 participants, two trials). There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. From this review, we conclude that when diabetes duration is over one year, there is no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life. Furthermore, based on a best-evidence synthesis, we are unable to determine whether SMBG has an effect on diabetic complications.
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD met the inclusion criteria, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes related to substance misuse. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. Disappointingly few of the included studies addressed the primary outcomes defined in this review (aggression, reconviction, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects). Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; cognitive behaviour therapy with and without treatment as usual; and the 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated program' with incarceration) appeared effective, compared to the control condition, in terms of improvement in at least one outcome in each study. Results suggest that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD. Further research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition.
This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. Five studies contributed data relating to purulent rhinitis, with a total of 791 participants. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. There is evidence that antibiotics cause significant adverse effects in adults when given for common cold and in all ages when given to people with acute purulent rheumatoid arthritis. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 162 participants. Three trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. One study declared funding by a pharmaceutical company. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. Mean PASI score at baseline varied from 5.7 (i.e. mild psoriasis) to 23.7 points in four studies. Twenty-three of 162 participants had streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. One trial (N = 43) assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week follow-up from start of treatment). Adverse events and the proportion of participants achieving clear or almost clear skin were not measured. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. None of the trials measured our efficacy primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow up. We rated the quality of the results as very low-quality evidence, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and high-risk of outcome reporting bias) and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 933 participants with MS; 464 were randomised to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the comparator group. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested vitaminD₂. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on recurrence of relapse, worsening of disability measured by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS), and MRI lesions. Effects on health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and fatigue are unclear. One study reported that vitamin D improved ratings on the psychological and social components of the HRQOL scale but had no effects on the physical components. The other two studies found no effect of vitamin D on fatigue. The randomised trials included in this review provided no data on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, percentage of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. To date, very low-quality evidence suggests no benefit from vitamin D for patient-important outcomes among people with MS. The quality of the evidence was very low, meaning that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 62 studies with 4241 participants in this review. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design ranging from one to 15 days, with the greatest number (11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. Fifteen studies compared oral morphine modified release with morphine immediate release (Mm/r) preparations, and 14 studies compared morphine in different strengths; six of these included 24-hour modified release products. Pain relief did not differ between oral morphine and MIR. In the previous update of this review, a standard of 'no worse than mild pain' was set, equivalent to a score of 30/100 mm or less on a visual analogue pain intensity scale (VAS), or the equivalent in other pain scales. Eighteen studies achieved this level of pain relief on average, and no study reported that good levels of pain reduction were not attained. Where results were reported for individual participants in 17 studies, pain relief was achieved by 96% of participants (362/377), and an outcome equivalent to treatment success in 63% (400/638). Morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain. The effectiveness of oral morphine has stood the test of time, but the randomised trial literature for morphine is small given the importance of this medicine. Most trials recruited fewer than 100 participants and did not provide appropriate data for meta-analysis. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Studies are old, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes and therefore were only designed to show equivalence between different formulations. The conclusions have not changed for this update. The review demonstrates the wide dose range of morphine used in studies, and that a small percentage of participants are unable to tolerate oral morphine. This review also shows the wide range of study designs, and inconsistency in study designs. Trial design was frequently based on titration of morphine or a comparator to achieve adequate analgesia, then crossing participants over in cross over design studies. It was not clear if these trials were sufficiently powered to detect any clinical differences between formulations or comparator drugs.
Fourteen trials were included, totalling 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias. The main comparison was open surgery versus steroid injections, because open surgery is the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and considered as standard surgery and is often used as first-line treatment in clinical practice. Compared with steroid injection, there was low-quality evidence that open surgery provides benefits with respect to less triggering recurrence, although it has the disadvantage of being more painful. Evidence was downgraded due to study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision. Based on two trials (270 participants) from six up to 12 months, we are uncertain whether open surgery increased the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) (18/140 observed in the open surgery group compared with 17/130 in the control group; RR 1.02, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.57 to 1.84) because of very low quality evidence from two trials and few event rates.
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with 931 participants, tested different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of bias. The studies were otherwise of high quality. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, demonstrated a statistically significant overall survival (OS) benefit for RT plus PCV, with a median OS of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm (P value = 0.018). This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent prognostic factors for OS in two of the RCTs (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and EORTC). The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival. Early PCV therapy, either before or after RT, appears to improve OS of participants with AO or AOA. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and whether temozoleomide can be substituted for this remains unclear.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three trials compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two trials compared oral montelukast against placebo (n = 103). We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not analysed as randomised. We also had concerns about selective reporting in another trial. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (low-certainty evidence). We are also uncertain whether the secondary outcomes are different between the two groups. The certainty of the evidence on AHI, as well as the respiratory arousal index and nadir oxygen saturation was low due to imprecision of the estimates and heterogeneity between studies. In contrast, we are confident in the effect on desaturation index and oxygen saturation (moderate-certainties evidence) in children with mild-to-moderate OSA, but we are uncertain whether there is a difference in these two secondary outcomes between the corticosteroid and placebo groups. In addition, we have moderate certainty in the short-term beneficial treatment effects for OSA in otherwise healthy, non-obese, surgically untreated children (moderate certainty for primary outcome and moderate and high certainty, respectively, for two other outcomes) by significantly reducing the number of apnoeas, sleepiness, and respiratory arousals during sleep. The clinical relevance of the observed treatment effects remains unclear, however, because minimal clinically important differences are not yet established for polysomnography-based outcomes in children. Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly distributed between study groups. No study examined the avoidance of surgical treatment as an outcome. Long-term efficacy and safety data on the use of intra-nasal steroids for the treatment of OSA are not available.
We found six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) and three controlled clinical trials (including 1291 children) that investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134, antithrombin (AT) supplementation n = 37, low-dose warfarin n = 31, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplementationn = 240, AT supplementation and LMWH n = 41). We found no significant effects of systemic treatments compared with no intervention in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE in paediatric oncology patients with CVCs. However, this could be a result of the low number of included participants, which resulted in low power. Three studies provided information on bleeding episodes: One participant developed an ischaemo-haemorrhagic stroke. None of the studies reported any major or minor bleeding episodes, and none found a significant difference between study groups. The addition of LMWH to AT supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in symptomatic blood clots without bleeding complications; asymptomatic and symptomatic CVC-related VTE, thrombocytopenia, HIT, HIT, and PTS were not assessed in these studies. Four cohort studies were included for the evaluation of adverse events. One study reported on other adverse events: None occurred. All studies had methodological limitations, and clinical heterogeneity between studies was noted.
Three trials with a total of 287 participants were included in this review. In the first trial of 98 participants, neurological deficits in the lower extremities occurred in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%) participants and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) participants. CSFD did not have a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. The second trial of 33 participants used CSFD and intrathecal papaverine. It showed a statistically significant reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit (P = 0.039) compared to controls. Analysis was undertaken after only one third of the estimated sample size had entered the trial. The third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. The CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group versus 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving CSFD. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in postoperative deficits. Meta-analysis showed an odds ratio (OR) of 0.48 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 0.92). For CSFD-only trials, OR was 0.57 (95% CI 0.28 to 1.17) and for intention-to-treat analysis in CSFD only studies, the OR remained unchanged.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 662 participants. These studies compared NB-UVB with either oral PUVA or topical PUVA for the treatment of people with CPP or GP. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found that the clearance rate between oral PUV and NB- UVB is inconsistent among the included studies. In one study, the difference in PASI 75 was not statistically significant. In three other studies, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two studies, there were significant differences between the two groups. In the comparison of the two types of PUVA with each other in terms of clearance rate for CPP, the evidence was also inconsistent: Pooled data from two left-right body comparison RCTs found no significant difference in the clearance of PASIs between the NB and bath PUVA groups. One RCT in people with PPP found there were no significant differences in the number of participants who reached PASISI 75 (which meant equal to or more than 75% reduction in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI score) score) and withdrawals due to side-effects between the treatment groups. Pooled results from these three studies indicated that there was not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effect of NB on PASSI 75. No studies reported our primary outcomes of interest for this review. The quality of the evidence is low for the following reasons: 1. The number of studies is too small to be sure that the results are reliable. 2. The studies were not of high quality. 3. The results of the studies were inconsistent. 4. The trials were not well designed. 5. There were too few participants. 6. There was no clear evidence of differences between NB and conventional PUVA. 7. There is insufficient evidence to be certain that NB is more effective than conventional BB-UVVA. 8. NB is considered ineffective for PPP in clinical practice. 9. In practice, it may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy.
Twenty-one eligible studies were identified with a total of 1525 participants. About half of the trials had low risk of bias for randomisation and allocation concealment. One small trial showed that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone (RR for failing to achieve full continence 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.52 to 0.94). One small study showed that adding electrical stimulation to electrical stimulation may be better than electrical stimulation alone. The combined data of two trials showed that the number of people who failed to achieve complete continence was significantly lower when electrical stimulation was added to biofeedbrokeback compared against electrical stimulation only. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any method of treatment. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implanted sacral nerve stimulator. The limited number of identified trials together with methodological weaknesses of many do not allow a definitive assessment of the role of anal sphincter exercises (e.g. stretching of the anus) and biofeedbrief therapy in the management of faecal incontinence. Larger well-designed trials are needed to enable safe conclusions.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and harms of different catheter policies. Thirty nine randomised trials were identified for inclusion in the review. Despite reviewing 39 eligible trials, few firm conclusions could be reached because of the multiple comparisons considered, the small size of individual trials, and their low quality. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. Whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of morbidity (especially infection) and risks of recatheterisation.
Ten studies (3340 participants) were included in the review. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies (754 participants) compared the use of the drug to add to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment, and one study (347 participants) looked at the drug compared to another drug (haloperidine). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence shows that the drug is more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence) or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks (high quality evidence). Compared with placebo, the drug caused more movement disorders, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), on the Barnes Akathisia Scale (BAS) and by participant-reported akathsisia (a type of akathism). It also led to more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication. At the three-week time point, meta-analysis was not possible because of lack of data; however, at 12 weeks, haloperidine resulted in significantly more movement disorder symptoms than the SAS, the BAS and the Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale (AIMS), and by 12 weeks there was no difference between the two drugs, except in terms of participants' reported akathyisia. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014. Aripipazole is an effective treatment for mania in a population that includes adults, children and adolescents, although its use leads to gastrointestinal disturbances and movement disorder. Comparative trials with medicines other than haloperacid and lithium are few, so the precise place of aripidine in therapy remains unclear.
We included three studies in this review. Two studies evaluated urokinase lock treatment with concomitant systemic antibiotics (56 participants) versus systemic antibiotics alone (48 participants), and one study evaluated ethanol lock treatment (15 participants) compared with systemic antibiotics only (13 participants). No studies evaluated antibiotic lock treatment alone. All studies had methodological limitations and clinical heterogeneity between studies was present. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five publications in cohort studies. No evidence of significant difference was found between antibiotic or other lock treatments in the treatment of CVC-related infections in children with cancer. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. More well-designed randomised controlled trials (RCTs) are needed to further explore the effect of antibiotic lock treatments.
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that examined the effectiveness of interventions to help people with whiplash-related neck pain. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on intervention was more beneficial in reducing acute neck pain when compared with no treatment, but not long-term follow-up. There is low quality evidence from one trial, 102 participants, that an advice pamphlet on advice to activate is less beneficial for pain reduction, or no different in improving function and global perceived improvement from generic information given out in emergency care (control) for acute whiplASH at short- or intermediate-term treatment. Self-care strategies: One trial, 192 participants, found that specific exercise training for chronic neck pain did not relieve pain for acute-to-chronic neck pain in the short-term. There was no evidence of benefit or difference for other interventions, such as advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics. Advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomic problems and self-care strategy: None of the included trials showed effectiveness for these interventions. With the exception of one trial (102 participants), this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions, including advice to activation, advice on stress and stress coping, advice for coping with stress, and advice on self-management strategies. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations. No studies meeting the study design criteria were identified for inclusion in this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria as the Cochrane, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences, were included and formed the basis of a thematic synthesis, and which is presented in appendices to this review. The thematic syntheses indicates that ideally communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. It also indicates that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm such as discrimination in accessing health care.
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. The proportion of remitters (patients who responded to treatment with opioids) was higher in the group of patients treated with opioids. Quality of life scores also improved more with opioids than with placebo. Patients' quality of sleep was improved by sleep adequacy, sleep quantity, and sleep quality scores. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps. More adverse events were reported with opioids in this study. The major side effects were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence).
Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults with distal radial fractures, were included in this review. While all trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation, there was considerable variation especially in terms of patient characteristics and interventions. Methodological weaknesses among these trials included lack of allocation concealment and inadequate outcome assessment. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsally displaced fractures of the distal radius in adults. Though there is insufficient evidence to confirm a better functional outcome, external fixation reduces redisplacement, improves anatomical results and most of the excess surgically-related complications are minor. External fixation was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor. Probably, some complications could have been avoided using a different surgical technique for pin insertion.
This review of five randomised controlled trials found that early removal of ureteric stents following kidney transplantation may reduce the incidence of UTI while it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. It is uncertain whether early stent removal is better than late removal of the stent. However, if an externalised stent was used there was no discernible difference in UTI incidence between the early and late group. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking. BI stents are the optimum method for achieving this benefit.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique (i.e. Hall Technique versus conventional technique) versus non-restorative caries treatment. One study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns (stainless steel with white veneers). No RCT evidence was found that compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. Crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk of major failure or pain in the long term compared to fillings. There was moderate quality evidence that major failure was lower in the crowns group in three studies, one conventional and two using Hall Technique. Similarly, pain was lower for the crown group (moderate quality evidence). It is uncertain whether there is a clinically important difference in gingival bleeding when using crowns rather than fillings, either at the time of treatment (short term) or at 12 months (long term). Only one study compared the use of PMCs (fitted with the Hall technique) with other treatments for tooth decay. The evidence quality was very low and we are therefore we are uncertain about the estimates. There are no RCTs comparing crowns fitted conventionally versus using the hall technique. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns compared to other treatments, and for metal compared with aesthetic crowns, is very low.
We included 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) in this review. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. The evidence provided by this review is of variable quality, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the clinical treatment of people with CF. It is important to note that airway clearance techniques should be individualised throughout life according to developmental stages, patient preferences, pulmonary symptoms and lung function. This also applies as conditions vary between baseline lung function and the time of the study. The quality of the evidence was variable. Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomisation sequence was either generated or concealed. Most studies reported the number of dropouts and also reported on all planned outcome measures. The results for the remaining outcome measures (including our third primary outcome of mucus clearance) were not examined or reported in sufficient detail to provide any high-quality evidence; only very low- to moderate quality evidence was available for other outcomes.
Four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease met the inclusion criteria and were used in the meta-analyses. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other two studies were judged to be at low risk. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission at week 8 (RR 1.36, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11 to 1.66; moderate certainty evidence). The raw numbers of participants achieving remission were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) of participants in the placebo groups, respectively. In raw numbers, the number of people achieving clinical response at week eight was 40.2% (336/8 35) and 30.9%, respectively. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73.7%) and 6.2%, respectively, in participants receiving CZPs and placebo as the 95% CI includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events differs between CZPS and placebo. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn’s disease, infections, and malignancy. The overall certainty of the evidence was moderate for the induction of clinical remission and clinical response in participants with active CD. The certainty of evidence was downgraded to moderate for serious side effects.
The evidence is current to August 2016. We included 112 studies in this review. Of these, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. Of the 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was frequently high or unclear. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension, or quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. The effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi or ARB), aldosterone antagonists, and vasopressin receptor antagonists on death (any cause) were uncertain. Treatment with beta-blockers may decrease hospitalisation for heart failure. We were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors affects the risk of high blood potassium levels, as there were few studies and meta-analysis was not possible. We did not find any studies investigating other therapies for people with CKD. The certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate, depending on the type of study. The evidence is up to date as of September 2016.
Three studies involving 1945 women were included in this review. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no statistically significant difference between groups. Given that this review is based on three studies (N = 1945 women) of moderate quality, there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of one form of monitoring over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour.
We included two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 54 participants with CVI. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. The intensity of disease signs and symptoms was measured in both studies but using different scales; we were therefore unable to pool the data. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline (mean difference (MD) 4.88%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.16 to 6.60; 30 participants) and half venous refilling time (MD 4.20 seconds, 95% CI 3.28 to 5.12; 23 participants; P < 0.00001) were observed. In the second study, an increase in the time taken for the blood to return to the surface of the leg (MD 9.40 seconds compared with MD 7.77 to 11.03) and reduction in the length of time it took for the leg to be refilled were observed in both groups. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with chronic venous disease.
Seventy-six trials with a median quality score of 3 (range 1 to 5) were identified. Forty trials compared hyaluronan/hylan with placebo (saline or arthrocentesis), ten trials compared viscosupplements with intra-articular (IA) corticosteroids, six trials included comparisons of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and three trials compared different forms of active treatment. Two trials compared arthroscopy with conventional treatment, and fifteen trials compared HSAs with other HSAs. Follow-up periods varied between day of last injection and eighteen months. Overall, the analyses support the use of the HA class of products in the treatment of knee OA. It is of note that the magnitude of the clinical effect, as expressed by the WMD and standardised mean difference (SMD) from the RevMan 4.2 output, is different for different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables and trial designs. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of different HSAs and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of different products. The clinical effect for some products, against placebo, on some timepoints is in the moderate to large effect-size range.
We included 10 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants in this review. Four RCTs (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics for primary PPH treatment. The review suggests that among women who received oxytocin for the treatment of PPH, adjunctive use of the drug (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) with simultaneous administration of additional uterotonic drugs did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality (risk ratio (RR) 6.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.75 to 50.85), serious maternal morbidity, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy (RR 0.79, 94% CI 0.30 to 2.11). Two trials (1787 women) compared 800 mcg sublingual (sublingual infusion) versus oxytocins (injection) as primary PH treatment; one trial included women who had received pre-prophylactic (before the start of uterotonic) drugs, and the other did not. Primary outcomes did not differ between the two groups, although women were more likely to have additional blood loss of at least 1000 mL (RR 2.65 and 95% CI 1.04 to 6.75, respectively). The review also found that women given oxytocus infusion were less likely to experience vomiting and shivering (RR 1.74 and 95%, respectively) and had fewer side effects when used as the first-line treatment for PPH. When used after uterotic drugs, oxytocis infusion worked similarly. Two trials attempted to test the effectiveness of estrogen and tranexamic acid, respectively, but were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. One study compared lower segment compression but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PPRH unresponsive to uterotonical drugs and/or haemostatics. Clinical trials included in the current review were not adequately powered to assess the impact on the primary outcome measures. The role of the hormone estrogen and the use of different compression methods requires further evaluation. Furthermore, future studies should focus on the best way to treat women who fail to respond to uterotic therapy.
Six randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria. Five small trials evaluated short-term supplementation of cysteine-free PN in preterm infants. One large multicenter trial evaluated N-acetylcysteine supplementation in extremely low birth weight infants (≤ 1000 grams). The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review of trials found that routine supplementation of PN with cysteines improves nitrogen balance. However, there is not enough evidence to assess the risks of this intervention.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. Due to the very low quality evidence, we are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with NAFLD including those with NASH. Further well-designed clinical trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary.
In total, 1282 participants with MCI at baseline were identified in the 15 included studies of which 1172 had analysable data; 430 participants converted to Alzheimer’s disease dementia and 130 participants to other forms of dementia. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. The accuracy of the CSF t-tau was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values ranged between 48% to 88%. At the median specificity of 72%, the estimated sensitivity was 75% (95% CI 67 to 85), the positive likelihood ratio was 2.72 (96% CI 2.43 to 3.04), and the negative likelihood ratio (0.32) was 0.32. Six studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases) evaluated the accuracy of CSF p- tau. The sensitivities were between 40% and 100%, while the specificities were between 22% and 86%. The average specificity of 47.5% was reported in five studies (140 cases and 293 non-case) and the average sensitivity was 81%. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. Only one study reported the accuracy (by chance) of CS-Tau/ABeta ratio. Our findings are based on studies with poor reporting. A significant number of studies had unclear risk of bias for the reference standard, participant selection and flow and timing domains. According to the assessment of index test domain, eight of 15 studies were of poor methodological quality. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, index test methodology and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). We were not able to formally assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of relevant studies available to be included. The insufficiency and heterogeneity of research to date primarily leads to a state of uncertainty regarding the value of testing CSF testing of t-doubles or p-taos for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease in current clinical practice. However, these tests may have limited clinical value until uncertainties have been addressed. Future studies with more uniformed approaches to thresholds, analysis and study conduct may provide a more homogenous estimate than the one that has been available from the included studies we have identified. These tests, like other biomarker tests which have been subject to Cochrane DTA reviews, appear to have better sensitivity than specificity and therefore might have greater utility in ruling out Alzheimer's dementia as the aetiology to the individual's evident cognitive impairment, as opposed to ruling it in. The heterogeneity observed in the few studies awaiting classification suggests our initial summary will remain valid.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (RALRP). The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found one ongoing trial. The evidence is current to September 2015. The quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostateectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
We included 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1,601,515 study participants. The evidence is current to September 2016. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. These outcomes included: mode of delivery; congenital abnormalities, including orofacial cleft or cleft palate and hypospadias (where the urethral opening is on the underside of the penis) (low quality evidence); and odds ratio (OR) 1.04, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.95 to 1.15, 1 cohort study, n = 9904; low quality evidence), low birth weight, preterm delivery, foetal death, and low Apgar score. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of the baby dying during pregnancy, but we did not observe this effect when potent to very potent topical steroids were given during pregnancy. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated that there was an increased risk of low birth birth weight in women who received powerful to very powerful topical steroids. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) Working Group approach to rate the overall quality of the evidence. Data from observational studies started at low quality. We further downgraded the evidence because of imprecision (low birth weight and inconsistency) in the estimate of effect for those outcomes. Lower quality evidence resulted in lower confidence in the estimates of effect.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroids and without topical steroids. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches in July 2014. All trials had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). The pilot study reported that time to re-epithelialization in the steroid group was 53% slower than the placebo group after adjusting for baseline epithelial defect size (hazard ratio (HR) 0.47; 95% CI 0.23 to 0.94). However, the SCUT did not find any important difference in the time taken for the cornea to heal. The trial did not report quality of life and concluded that there was no difference between the two groups (data not available). We found no reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the four trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four included trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review. There is inadequate evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of adjunctive topical steroids compared with no topical steroids in improving visual acuity, infiltrate/scar size, or adverse events among participants with bacteria-infected cornea.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 450 participants that compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous vascular interventions for ischaemic stroke. Data on functional outcome and death at end of follow-up were available for 443 participants from three trials. We found no evidence from RCTs that percutaneously administered interventions are superior to intravenous treatment with respect to functional outcome. There was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. The quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). Data on vascular status (recanalisation rate) were only available for seven participants from one trial; we considered this inadequate for statistical analyses. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We included in the review one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children, that compared centre-based day care with no treatment (care at home) for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. Risk of bias was high because of contamination between groups, as 63% of control group participants had access to day care services separate from those offered within the intervention. No evidence suggested that day care, rather than no treatment, improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.34, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.01 to 0.69, 127 participants, 1 study, very low-quality evidence) or psychosocial development (parental report of abnormal development, risk ratio (RR) 1.21 (95% CI 0.25 to 5.78, 137 participants). No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, there was no evidence to suggest that day-care services improved employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one trial that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of day care for children and families.
In total, 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices were identified through the screening process. Eleven of these scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. However, none of the currently available histologic scores have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is required.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated the use of nailing versus plating in 213 participants, with useable data from 173 participants of whom 112 were male. The mean age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the need for re-operation or risk of complications between nailing and plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to have reoperations after nailing. Similarly pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured nailing but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included the possibility of a better outcome after plate fixation. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. Overall, the quality of available evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all the outcomes. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We included 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants: eight studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLD for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people; moderate-quality evidence). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for the risk of major vascular event 0.90 (94% CI 0.78 to 1.04; 4 RCTS; 28,630 participants; high-quality-evidence), and for dementia 0.88 (95-CI 0.73 to 1-06; 2 RCT-; 6671 participants, respectively). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal blood pressure target after stroke or TIA.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that B-sitosterols, a non-glucosidic anti-cancer drug, improve urinary symptoms and flow measures. However, their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal asthma-related serious adverse events when regular Salmeterol was compared with placebo. In comparison with placebo, we have found an increased risk of serious side effects. There was also a clear increase in the risk of death from asthma in patients who were not taking inhaled corticosteroids in the two large surveillance studies. We combined the data from the two largest studies (25,180 and 26,355 participants) as all the asthma--related deaths in adults occurred in these studies. In patients who did not take inhaled steroids, compared to patients taking regular salmetamol or placebo, there was an increase in risk of dying from asthma related to any cause. The confidence interval for this result is wide and we cannot rule in or out an increase of asthma deaths in the presence of an inhaled steroid. We cannot conclude that the use of regular salmeterot reduces the risks of asthma in children due to the small number of children studied.
This review found no evidence that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants. There is no evidence from controlled clinical trials to support the use of thyroid hormones for preterm babies with respiratory distress.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants in this review. Eight RCTs had a low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. All trials had a high risk of systematic error (bias) in their assessment of the remaining outcomes. The analyses found evidence that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that the risk of death from any cause was reduced from 30% to 22% when including all trials with extractable data (1487 participants) and in the eight trials with a low-risk of bias (705 participants). The meta-analysis with the relative risk reduction (RRR) reduced to 30% confirmed the findings, but not when we reduced the RRR to 22%. We found evidence of beneficial effects on hepatic encephalopathy (headache, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhoea) and serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease (liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding). We found no differences between lactulose and lactitol for the other outcomes (very low quality evidence). The evaluation of secondary outcomes (quality of life) showed a potential beneficial effect of the non-abstraction of the products on quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analyses. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
In this 2019 update, 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) were eligible; 45 studies contributed data to our meta-analyses (2698 participants). Treatments included bisphosphonate therapy, vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin. Median duration of follow-up was 12 months. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density or bone-related biomarkers, with more recent studies evaluating proteinuria and hyperparathyroidism. Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney transplantation are very uncertain. Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low certainty. Risks of bias were generally high or unclear leading to lower certainty in the results. A single study reported outcomes among 60 participants. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for fracture, bone pain, and graft rejection. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture. It is uncertain whether interventions for bone disease in kidney transplant patients reduce all-cause or cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke, or the risk of graft loss in the short term. Bisphosphoneate therapy administered over 12 months in transplant recipients may prevent fracture (low certainty evidence) although the 95% confidence interval (CI) included the possibility that treatment might make little or no difference. It may reduce bone pain and fracture events (very low certainty evidence). It was very uncertain whether treatments prevent spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis (low or very uncertain evidence) or whether any of the other treatments had any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death, or transplant function outcomes. Evidence was limited to children and young adolescents.
Four trials involving 317 people met the inclusion criteria. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/daily. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. The review found no significant increase in handgripstrength in the magnesium group. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants in this review. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment: clinical diagnosis (high-quality evidence), and diagnosis confirmed by radiography (moderate quality evidence). Cure rates with antibiotics were higher when a fluid level or total opacification in any sinus was found on computed tomography. Purulent secretion resolved faster with antibiotics. However, 13 more people experienced side effects with antibiotics compared to placebo (no treatment). A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials. Considering antibiotic resistance, and the very low incidence of serious complications, we conclude there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhinosinusitis.
Eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 2515 patients were included in this review. Three RCTs (all performed in Asian countries) compared D3 with D2 lymphadenectomy: data suggested no significant difference in OS between these two types of lymph node dissection. Data for DFS were available only from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Five trials (n = 3 European; n = 2 Asian) looked at D2 to D1 lymphadectomy: OS and DFS data were not available from these trials. Data suggested no difference in postoperative mortality. In contrast, the quality of the body of evidence was moderate, with the main limitations being the small number of studies and the high risk of postoperative deaths. D2-lymphadenectomy can improve DSS in patients with stomach cancer, although the increased risk of death after surgery reduces its therapeutic benefit.
Thirteen studies, involving a total of 1158 participants, were included in this review. The findings of this review suggest that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low (28%). The conclusion of the review is that the studies conducted so far have not allowed an adequate evaluation of the efficacy and tolerability of oral treatment for opioid dependence in the field of opioid dependence. Consequently, maintenance therapy with naltrerexone cannot yet be considered a treatment which has been scientifically proved to be superior to other kinds of treatment.
We included two studies in this review. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. Regular liquids with a chin down head posture, as well as regular liquids without any intervention were also compared. The second study, parallel designed RCT, compared the effect of changing the consistency of fluid for swallowing difficulties in a subgroup of 260 participants in a three-month period. Outcomes were pneumonia and adverse intervention effects. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. There were a greater number of incidents of pneumonia in participants receiving honey thick liquids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or taking regular liquids with chin down posture. Neither trial addressed quality of life. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of changing fluids for swallowing problems in dementia as too few studies have been completed. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the long term impact of thickened fluids on the health of the person with dementia should be considered. Further high-quality clinical trials are required. Risk of bias for both studies is high.
Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women were included. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found between natural cycle and standard IVF in live birth rates. The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using IVF, the chance using natural cycle IVF would range from 34% to 53%. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. Findings for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation were sensitive to the choice of statistical model: for these outcomes, use of a fixed effect model suggested a benefit for the IVF group. Moreover the largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth, treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. All included studies were RCTs; three studies used allocation concealment, six reported blinded outcome assessors and three studies adopted an intention-to-treat approach to statistical analysis. Quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. Analysis was split into three comparisons: (1) Tai Chi versus usual care; (2)Tai Chi and breathing exercise versus breathing exercise alone; and (3) Taichi and exercise versus exercise alone. Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres, 95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52 to 48.77 metres; participants = 318; I2 = 59%) and better pulmonary function (MD 0.11 L) in post-programme data. However, the effects of Tai Chi in reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. No adverse events were reported, implying that Tai Chi is safe to practise in people with COPD. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions alone, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement. With the diverse style and number of forms being adopted in different studies, the most beneficial protocol of a particular Tai Chi style could not be commented upon. Hence, future studies are warranted to address these topics.
We included 72 trials that involved 2470 participants. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the studies included in the previous version of this review. Study sample sizes were generally small and interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. Thus, while there are a large number of randomised controlled trials, the evidence remains mostly low quality when rated using the GRADE system. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used as an adjunct to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs; however, these findings were not statistically significant. We were unable to pool results for cognitive function, participation restriction, or quality of life. Twenty-three studies reported that they monitored for adverse events; across these studies there were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. The quality of the evidence was mostly low.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1330 participants. Three trials (723 participants) compared fluoroquinolones with ethambutol or isoniazid in the first-line treatment for drug-sensitive TB. One trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard treatment regimen. No trials reported on treatment failure. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 participants, very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). For relapse and treatment failure, we are not sure if there are any differences between the two treatments (three trials, 723 participants). For death or relapse at eight weeks, or serious adverse events, we do not know if there was an effect. For relapse, there is not enough evidence to be clear whether the addition or substitution of fluorquinolone drugs with ethamabutol in the initial treatment regimen reduces the risk of death or relapses, or increases the rate of culture conversion (culture conversion). No trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens (four month or less) of fluorocinolones. We are uncertain about the effect of adding fluoroxacins to standard treatment of drug-ensitive TB. There is insufficient evidence to know whether adding or replacing the drug is beneficial or harmful. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low or low for all outcomes.
