This review identified 38 studies involving 7843 children. Asthma education aimed at children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department presentation and hospital admission. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls. Types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, microdiscectomy, hip joint replacement surgery, knee joint replacement operations, anterior cruciate ligament repair, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoidectomy, abdominal surgery, radical prostatectomy (surgery to remove the prostate), thyroid surgery, elective caesarean section, and laparoscopic surgery. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small study effects likely but testing was not possible. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of postoperative nausea and vomiting with perioperative intravenous ketamine was 24 (95% CI 16 to 54; high-quality evidence; 95 studies, 5965 participants). Ketamine probably reduces postoperative analgesic consumption and pain intensity by a small amount, of arguable clinical relevance. The risk of adverse events were little different with ketamine or control. The quality of evidence was generally low to very low, mainly due to small study sizes or because the number of participants was below 400. We found that ketamine probably reduced postoperative vomiting and nausea and pain from 27% with placebo to 23%. Ketamine reduced vomiting from 23% to 24% of participants who received ketamine compared with placebo, but there was no difference between ketamine and control. We judged the risk of side effects to be low because of small study numbers and because side effects were small.
This review included five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five trials reported on safety, and two on efficacy. One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but the vaccine significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). The results show promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. Pretreatment for malaria during a vaccine trial makes the results difficult to interpret, particularly with the relatively small sample sizes of early trials.
Four studies, involving 125 participants, were included in this review. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union of the long bones were included, but most data related to non-union of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. Although the available evidence suggests some benefit in the treatment of long bone fractures, it is inconclusive and insufficient to inform current practice.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. One trial included patients having elective and emergency laparoscopy, and one trial did not provide information. The overall quality of the trials was low to very low. Only two trials including 199 participants were of low risk of bias. There was no significant difference in the return to normal activity and return to work between the groups in one trial involving 100 participants. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after surgery to remove the abdomen. Further well designed clinical trials are necessary.
This systematic review included 49 randomised controlled trials involving 3639 participants. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. The positive results described from the 49 studies of low quality are of questionable significance. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials. Two trials reported adverse events: adverse events occurred in the control group in one trial, and in the other it was unclear in which group the side effects occurred. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy should be made with caution. Based on this systematic review, there is no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicine for treating diabetes.
Five randomised controlled trials involving 1382 patients were included in this review. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific survival, or disease progression. Overall, IAS was as effective as CAS in reducing the risk of adverse events.
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias involving 7,119 participants which described random assignment. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One of them showed that insertion of the Copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion (RR 11.98, 95% CI 1.61 to 89.35, 1 study, 259 participants); the quality of evidence was moderate. Moderate quality evidence also suggests that use and expulsion of levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system or CuT380A was more likely for immediate insertion compared to delayed insertion. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use was higher following immediate insertion than six months after insertion. Another trial randomised women to the levonergestrel IUD or Nova T showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were likely to be higher for women in the Nova T group. The quality of the evidence is moderate.
We included only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. We found that meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematologically-diseased patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to those in the usual care control group (low quality of evidence). Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group in comparison to those usual care participants, whose levels of depression remained constant. The influence of meditation on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events remained unclear, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. We judged the overall quality of the evidence for all outcomes as 'very low', due to the extent of missing data, and the small sample size. At present there is not enough information available to draw any conclusion. More high quality randomised controlled trials are needed.
We identified three randomised controlled trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. Of the vaccine recipients who developed varicella, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. These small trials suggest that PEP is effective in reducing infection rates and severity of cases. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 4704 participants in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias. With the exception of one trial in which all the participants were positive for MRSA or had had previous MRSA infections, it does not appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high prevalence of MRSA carrier status in the people undergoing surgery. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic regimens in four of the included trials (three trials reported mortality and one other trial). In the single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with placebo, the proportion of people who developed SSIs was significantly lower in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo (all SSI: RR 0.26; 95% CI 0.11 to 0.65; MRSA SSI RR 0, 0.05; 0.06). In two trials, 19/478 (4.5%) people developed MRSA infection including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia. There was no significant difference between the two groups in these two comparisons. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen versus another, there was no difference in the number of people developing SSIs. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotic treatments or administering antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit in terms of reducing the risk of developing infections. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotic treatments are necessary on this topic.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Overall, the number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. However, there was some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section (RR (random-effects) 0.28, 95% CI 0.07 to 1.15). Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included two relatively small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The review of trials found that there is currently no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed after caesarean section. The two methods of skin closure that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure. However, there is an increased risk of skin separation, and therefore, reclosure. Other important secondary outcomes, such as wound complications, were also similar between the groups in women with Pfannenstiel incisions, however, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., vertical or horizontal. If staples are removed before four days postpartum, the need for reclosure is increased, and most staples were removed before this time. Compared with absorbable suturing, non-abdominal staples were associated with a similar incidences of wound infections, and wound complications were similar in both groups, but there was an increase in skin separation and reclosure of the skin.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants, two trials awaiting classification and one ongoing trial. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but due to the small number of trials contributing to each analysis the results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD.
We found two small trials recruiting 23 participants. Participants may have been suffering from chronic asthma. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the review.
We identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion in this review. A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 control participants. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for interventions delivered during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. In relation to diagnosis, we identified benefits of exercise for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with haematological malignancies. The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with solid tumours. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of exercise intervention.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the effects of escalated BEACOPP with standard chemotherapy in adults (16 to 65 years of age). We included all five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses: the HD9 and HD14 trials were co-ordinated in Germany, the HD2000 and GSM-HD trials were performed in Italy and the EORTC 20012 was conducted in Belgium. These trials included only adults. This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. The overall risk of performance and detection bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as therapy blinding was not feasible. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the escalated arm compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours, which would not show significance until around 15 years after treatment. The proven benefit in OS for patients with advanced HL is a new finding of this updated review due to the inclusion of the results from the included trial. This review does for the first time suggest a survival benefit. This meta-analysis provides moderate- to high-quality evidence that adult patients between 16 and 60 years old with early unfavourable and advanced stage HL benefit regarding overall survival and progression-free survival from first-line chemotherapy. This evidence is up to date as of August 2014. The quality of the evidence is very low for quality of life, however, no results were reported. Furthermore, there is only low quality evidence of a difference in the total number of secondary malignancies, as the follow-up period might not be long enough to detect meaningful differences. We are very uncertain in terms of infertility. Due to the limited evidence available, we are unable to come to a conclusion in this area. It is clear from this review that BEACopP escalated may be more toxic than ABVD, and very important long-term side effects of second malignancy and infertility have not been sufficiently analysed yet. Low quality evidence suggests that people treated with escalated beacopP may have a higher risk to develop secondary AML or MDS, but we are not able to reach a conclusion on this because of the very low quality of evidence available.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer (two trials). We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. Five RCTs involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. We found moderate quality evidence that these interventions enhance the quality of life of patients with cancer. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias and nine to be of low risk.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a Scottish government-funded study. All four included trials were conducted in developed Western European countries. One additional study is ongoing. We included no new trials in this update. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interests. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour. However, an absence of benefit and likely harm associated with admission CTGs is likely associated with an increase in the incidence of caesarean section without evidence of benefit. Future studies should consider including women admitted with signs of labour and before a formal diagnosis of labour. This would include a cohort of women currently having CTGs and not included in current trials. The usefulness of the findings for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices.
We included 32 studies in this review. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. None of the studies reported on the health of the offspring. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. An optimal embryo culture medium is important for embryonic development and subsequently for the success of IVF or ICSI treatment. There has been much controversy about the most appropriate embryo medium. Numerous studies have been performed, but no two studies compared the same culture media and none of them found any evidence that there was a difference in the culture media used. The evidence is current to January 2015.
The review authors found no randomised trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice. As some papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at the first visit would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness of communication and overcome the ethical dilemmas previously mentioned.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1006 participants in this review. Due to the nature of the main interventions of interest, it was impossible to blind the therapists as to whether the participant was in the intervention or control arm. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent . In addition three studies were thought to have a high risk of outcome bias. The evidence for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first three months after the intervention, suggests a modest to moderate benefit. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative, but the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. We included two new papers, one of which was an update of a previously included study.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The following antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers were evaluated in at least one RCT: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine (or levocabastine), mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combined of antazoline and tetryzoline, combination of levocABastine and pemirolast potassium, and pembrokeshire potassium. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamine and mastcell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti-histamine or mast cell treatment. It seems that all reported topical antihormone and mast-cell stabiliser treatments appear to be safe and well tolerated. However, there is not enough evidence to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of these treatments.
This review identified two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that tested interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use in Indigenous youth. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth, as smoking prevalence among Indigenous youth is twice that of the non-Indigenous population, with tobacco experimentation commencing at an early age. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area. Methodologically rigorous trials are needed to investigate interventions aimed to prevent tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth and to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco-related health disparities in Indigenous and non-indigenous populations.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared giving blood transfusion to pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) or selective transfusion. We found one trial involving 72 women with HbSS. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The included trial reported no maternal mortality occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusions. There were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. Low-quality evidence from one small trial of very low quality suggests that giving blood in the first trimester reduces the risk of pain crisis compared with selective transfusions, and no differences in the occurrence of acute splenic sequestration, haemolytic crises, or delayed transfusion reaction between the comparison groups. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and haenolytic disease of the newborn, were not reported by the trial. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfation policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal).
We identified 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method (rate ratio 1.85, 95% CrI 1.07 to 3.26; 250 participants; 3 studies; very low-quality evidence). For the other comparisons, the evidence for difference was either based on single small trials or there was no difference. The evidence suggests that liver resection using a radiofrequency dissection sealer may be associated with more adverse events than with clamping. However, the paucity of data decreases the confidence in the results of the network meta-analysis. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion is higher with low central venous pressure than with acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central pressure. Blood transfusion quantity (red blood cells) was lower with fibrin sealant than control; red blood cells were higher with fresh frozen plasma than with oxidised cellulose; and blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time were lower with low blood pressure compared with control. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. There is no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resect is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or blood transfusions requirements. We cannot rule out considerable benefit or harm with a specific method of liver surgery. In addition, it should be noted that the sample size was small and the credible intervals were wide, and we cannot exclude considerable benefit and harm with any specific method. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of trials and small numbers of participants in the included trials, and the small size of the studies.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. There is no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. However, a combination of PUVA and retinoids is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP. There was, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated five drugs within the loop diuretics class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. We found no additional trials meeting the minimum inclusion criteria. Based on the limited number of published RCTs, the systolic/diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect of the drugs is likely an overestimate. The dose-ranging effects of the medications could not be evaluated. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects. We graded the quality of the evidence for both the blood pressure estimates as low due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. All the trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Various local anaesthesia agents were used but bupivacaine in the liquid form was the most common. There were considerable differences in the methods of local anaesthetism including the location (subdiaphragmatic, gallbladder bed, or both locations) and timing (before or after the removal of gallbladders) between the trials. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported mortality. Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported no serious adverse events in any of the 715 participants. Serious adverse events were rare in studies evaluating local anaestroke. Local anaesthetics may reduce pain in people undergoing low anaesthesia risk surgery. However, the clinical importance of this reduction in pain is unknown and is likely to be small. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces pain in low anaesthesiologists (low risk of anaesthesia) undergoing low-risk surgery, but the quality of the evidence was very low due to the small numbers of participants and the small number of studies. Serious side effects were rare. More randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic and random errors are necessary. Such trials should include important clinical outcomes such as quality of lives and time to return home or to work in their assessment.
We searched scientific databases for studies that compared different types of diagnostic tests for P. falciparum malaria. We found 74 studies that were eligible for this review and we grouped them according to the antigens they detected. In comparison with microscopy, we identified 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, eight of Type 2 tests and five of Type 3 tests. Overall, HRP-2 antibody types tended to be more sensitive and were significantly less specific than pLDH-based tests (such as the Type 4 tests). If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have symptoms of malaria, Type 1 will miss 16 cases, and Type 2 will miss 26 cases. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be 34 in Type 1, and nine in Type 4. The sensitivity and specificity of all RDTs is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated malaria. The differences between the two types may be small, but the differences are small. Quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the quality of the reporting quality. We identified 74 unique studies.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that tested short-term changes in the length of primary care doctor's appointments. All were conducted in the UK, and evaluated the effects of changing the time doctors spend with patients. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering the lengths of doctors' appointments. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. None of the studies reported on the effects on resources used. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the absence of data on participants' characteristics and small sample sizes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared high dose versus low dose stavudine in ART-naive patients with high viral loads. All three trials were conducted in developed countries, participants were ART experienced and all had sustained virologic suppression at baseline. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. The studies were at a high risk of selection, performance/detection and selective outcome reporting bias. In light of variation in the design and follow-up of the study results, no meta-analysis was performed and the results of single studies are presented. Individual results from the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage in virologal efficacy or safety between low and high dose stovudine. There was a reduction in bone mineral density (BMD), reduction in limb fat and an increase in triglycerides in the high dose arms. None of the studies did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to side effects. This systematic review identified only three small trials that evaluated the effect and safety of high dose compared to low dose of stavUDine. All of the three studies were conducted on ART naive patients and none reported from developing countries. The trials did not show a clear difference between the two groups. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained viral suppression and so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where stavudoine is currently used in ART. It was not possible to combine the results from these three trials because of the small number of participants and differences in the study designs.
We found eight trials that compared recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy with control ventilation. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvre in an open ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included an "open lung" strategy, whereby the intervention group differed from the control group in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (including co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), making interpretation of the results difficult. We found five trials to be at low risk of bias and five at moderate risk. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-inventions to the intervention strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome.
Fifteen studies, involving 687 participants, were included in the review. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to the absence of an adequate evidence base. The remainder of the findings between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in trial design. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma in adults.
We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall (of which 5365 in the arms of interest (antidepressant and benzodiazepines as monotherapy) were included in this review; however, since studies addressed many different comparisons, only a few trials provided data for primary outcomes. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. We found some evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs (when looking at the number of patients experiencing adverse effects). We found no evidence that SSRIs are more effective than placebo-controlled studies. The studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. The identified studies are not sufficient to comprehensively address the objectives of the present review. In general, based on the results of the current review, the possible role of antidepressants and benzidiazepines should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice of which antidepressant and/or Benzodiazepine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of the efficacy and tolerability, including data from placebo- controlled studies, as a whole. The present review highlights the need for further higher-quality studies, which should be conducted with high-methodological standards and including pragmatic outcome measures, to provide clinicians with useful and practical data. Data on long-term tolerability issues associated with antidepressant and benzoidiazepine exposure should also be carefully considered. Data from the present study will be included in a network meta-analysis of psychopharmacological treatment in panic disorder, which will hopefully provide further useful information on this issue.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. Endoscopic stents were associated with a reduced risk of complications, but with higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death when compared with surgery. One published study compared metal to surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stents. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents in patients with distal obstructive jaundice due to pancreatic cancer. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further research is needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four RCTs compared ultrasound with palpation, and one RCT with Doppler auditory assistance. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the included studies; this adds a performance bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review. Our results suggest, but do not confirm, that a possible advantage of ultrasound guidance for the first attempt success rate over other techniques is more pronounced in infants and small children than in older children. We identified moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guidance improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared to palpation or Dopplersound. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events. The improved success rate at the first try may be more pronounced for infants and children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging. Similarly, our results suggest the possibility of a positive influence of expertise in the use of ultrasound on the first-time success rate.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies conducted in Canadian provinces in the 1970s and 80s). None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. Two of the ITS studies evaluated the implementation of an advertising ban and one study evaluated the lifting of such a ban. Each of the three studies evaluated a different type of advertising ban (partial or full) compared with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions during the control period. The results from the three ITS Studies were inconsistent. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to a serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population and serious level of imprecision in the results. Using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach, the evidence from the ITS Studies was considered to be of very low quality due to the lack of randomisation and imprecise results. There is a lack of robust evidence for or against recommending the introduction of alcohol advertising restrictions. Advertising restrictions should be implemented within a high-quality, well-monitored research programme to ensure the evaluation over time of all relevant outcomes in order to build the evidence base.
This review included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 182 infants. There was no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis, based on small numbers in two trials. High and low MCT formulas did not appear to have an effect on short term growth. There is not enough evidence to conclude that either formula type is better or worse than the other in the short term, or that MCT or LCT have less adverse effects. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important long-term outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where women are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. We included one small trial with 34 women with chorioamnionitis. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniol. We found one small study that reported on a limited number of outcomes of interest in this review. The study did not report on perinatal death or severe morbidity (such as neonatal encephalopathy, intraventricular haemorrhage, admission to intensive/high care or admission to neonatal intensive care unit) but this outcome was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review, so we were not able to draw any conclusions about this outcome. Women in the amnoid group had a lower temperature at delivery compared to women in the control group (MD -0.38°C, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.74 to 0.02°C). The reduction in pyrexia may be of relevance in terms of benefits to the fetus of reduced exposure to heat. The majority of this review's secondary outcomes were not reported in the included study. We postulate that the temperature reduction found may be a direct cooling effect rather than reduction of infection. The quality of the evidence was rated as low due to the small numbers of women included in this trial and the inconsistency of the reporting of the trial. The included trial did not provide information on this review’s other primary outcome (perinatal deaths or severe complications) or on neonatal morbidity. There is insufficient evidence to fully evaluate the effectiveness and safety of transcoviol in reducing the temperature at birth. Larger trials are needed to confirm and extend the findings of this trial reviewed here. These should be randomised trials; participants, women, and their healthcare providers. These trials should be conducted in the United States, and should be designed to assess the safety and benefits of this intervention or women's satisfaction.
This review aimed to assess the accuracy and utility of the Mini-Cog as a cognitive screening test in community settings. Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection. The limited number of studies and the methodological limitations that are present in the current studies make it difficult to provide recommendations for or against the use of the Minicog in the community setting. There are currently few studies assessing the accuracy of the diagnostic test accuracy. Additional well-designed and well-conducted studies are required in order to determine the accuracy, utility and use of this test.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts. These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. Sixteen studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources. None of the included studies had an overall low risk of bias. Amphetamines improved the severity of ADHD symptoms, as assessed by clinicians or patients, in the short term but did not improve retention to treatment. In contrast, we found no evidence that dexamphetamine improved ADHD symptom severity compared to other drug interventions. Type of amphetamine: we found differences between amphetamine and dexamphetamine for ADHD symptoms as rated by clinicians. In one study, dexamphetamine was found to be efficacious in reducing ADHD symptoms compared to dexamphetamine salts. However, we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no studies that had a low risk for bias. The short duration of studies coupled with their restrictive inclusion criteria limits the external validity of these findings. Overall, the evidence generated by this review is of low or very low quality.
We included 10 studies (811 participants) in this review update. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition (low quality evidence). Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic pain conditions needs further investigation.
This review of 31 studies involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients found that interventions that improve the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes can lead to improved patient health outcomes. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine at the organisation of care, and 20 studies targeted both. The methodological quality of the studies was often poor. Multiple interventions in which patient education was added or in which the role of the nurse was enhanced also reported favourable effects on patients' health outcomes, and the addition of patient-oriented interventions also led to improved outcomes for patients. Nurses can play an important role in patient-focused interventions, through patient education or facilitating adherence to treatment. Organisational interventions such as central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient can also improve diabetes management.
We included three randomised controlled trials with a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The trials compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG-iUS 12 µg or LNG 20 versus the copper T380A (IUD) device, and LNG the IUD versus the LNG. In the trials comparing two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. We considered the overall quality of the evidence to be moderate to low. The current evidence was insufficient to compare efficacy and continuation rates for hormonal and intrautine contraceptive methods in women aged 25 years and younger. Different doses of LNG did not appear to influence efficacy over three years.
The review of trials found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications and improves bronchial hyper-reactivity. There were 42 trials of immunotherapy for house mite allergy; 27 pollen allergy trials; 10 animal dander allergy trials, two Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex and six trials looking at multiple allergens. One trial found that the size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled steroids. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered.
We did not find any new studies which were eligible for inclusion in this update. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. Ventilation with lower tidal volumes is becoming a routine strategy of treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury, stopping investigators from carrying out additional trials. The effects on long-term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded. There was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long term outcomes.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1833 participants. We found that none of the RCTs were of high methodological quality. The finding of our review is that the intravenous technique is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. However, we derived evidence of low quality from a limited number of studies. Randomized controlled trials based on uniform and standard methods are needed.
This review identified four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) assessing the effect of blood pressure lowering in late-life in hypertensive patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. Analysis of the included studies in this review was problematic as many of the control subjects received antihypertensive treatment because their blood pressures exceeded pre-set values. In most cases the study became a comparison between the study drug against a usual antihyertensive regimen. When analysed separately, however, more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. There is no convincing evidence from the trials identified that lowering blood pressure prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the numbers of placebo patients who received active treatment.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the majority of articles due to a lack of reported data; however, the authors determined that this would be unlikely to impact negatively as most data outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). Compared to angioplasty alone, PTCRA/PTCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period (RR 1.27; 95% CI 0.86 to 1.90). There is limited published evidence and no long-term data to support the routine use of the procedure in patients with in-stent re-stenosis. In certain circumstances, such as patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions, or those with lesions that fail PTCA, the procedure may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes in non-complex lesions. The evidence for the effectiveness of the treatment in the prevention of heart failure is unclear. The quality of the evidence is limited.
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were identified, two of which were multicentre trials comprising only participants positive for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled participants clinically diagnosed with bronchiolitis from a hospital in Italy. Adjunctive therapy included nebulised salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use of rhDNase in children under 24 months of age hospitalised with acute bronchediolitis. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or intensive care unit (ICU) admission. Side effects were reported in a total of 11 patients from both treatment groups. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste. It might have a role in patients with atelectasis, but further clinical studies would need to be performed.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants, 116 undergoing the percutaneous technique and 65 treated by cut-down femoral artery access. The first study was a small study with few sources of bias and good methodology. The second study was larger study with a larger number of participants and good methodological quality. We found moderate-quality evidence that there was no difference between the two techniques for short-term mortality, aneurysm exclusion, major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications, and no difference in bleeding complications and haematoma. No wound infections occurred in either group. There was a difference in operating time between the groups. Only one study reported duration of ITU (intensive treatment unit) and hospital stay, with no difference found between groups. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. As the number of included studies were limited, further research into this technique would be beneficial. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, a meta-analysis was not possible. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine compared with a placebo, and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL compared with placebo. In the first study the primary cognitive outcome of memory at six months did not reach significance, but there was significant improvement in overall cognitive function compared to placebo, with similar adverse events across groups. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenidate and modafinil arms; few adverse events were reported. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program, but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. There is supportive evidence that donepezil may have a role in treating cognitive deficits in adults with primary or metastatic brain tumours who have been treated with cranial irradiation. There was no strong evidence to support any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or amelioration of cognitive defects. Three studies investigated the use of a medication for the treatment of cognitive disorders in adults who have had a brain tumour surgically removed from the brain. The results of these studies were not strong enough to allow a conclusion to be drawn about the effectiveness of any of the interventions in preventing cognitive deficits. No non-drug interventions were evaluated for improving cognitive function. The quality of the evidence in this review was low. Further research is required. Non-randomised studies appear promising, but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. Further studies that try to minimise the withdrawal of consent, and subsequently reduce the requirement for imputation procedures, may offer a higher quality of evidence.
We included two randomised controlled clinical trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 26 analysed participants. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas compared with placebo, though the estimates were imprecise: a difference in mean change in the thickness of the chin of 8.40 cm (95% confidence interval (CI) 3.67 to 13.13) and a difference of 21.79 cm (CI 5.29 to 38.29). The overall quality of the evidence for this outcome was very low; the outcome data were fully reported in one small study of 13 patients, with differential drop-out in the control group, and patients suffered only partial loss of sensation. No studies reported on the effects of the intervention on the remaining primary outcomes of pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste, and on quality of life or adverse events. The evidence is current to August 2015. There is clearly a need for randomised clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and side effects of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of these injuries. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and the effect of delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (involving 161 pregnancies) that compared the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen with placebo. One study was based on pregnant women with a history of diabetes. The second study involved pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF). The study did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal death or rates of preterm birth), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. There was no difference between the two groups for the outcomes of cancer other than that of the reproductive system in mothers, but there were no differences between groups for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract (e.g. cancer in the genital tract) in the female offspring, or cancer in other parts of the female reproductive system. There is not enough evidence from randomised trials to assess the effectiveness of combining oestrogens and progesterone for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
The review of 14 studies found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. The numbers needed to harm (NNH for withdrawal due to side effects) ranged from 4 to 30 for TCAs (excluding three studies with no harmful events leading to withdrawal) and 20 to 90 for SSRIIs.
We found nine studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) that compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparators. The higher dose was significantly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief, but not for 24-hour or 2-day headache relief. Soluble formulations of ibuprafen 400 mg were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but did not provide complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority of migraine headaches. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events, which were mostly mild and transient, with the higher dose and placebo. Adverse events occurred at the same rate as with placebo. We found no new studies since the last version of this review, so we cannot be sure of the results of this update.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye). Due to the heterogeneity of study characteristics among the included trials with respect to types of diagnostic criteria, interventions, comparisons, and measurements taken, our ability to perform meta-analyses was limited. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison (175 participants). Our review also found that OTCificial tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Additional research is therefore needed before we can draw robust conclusions about the effectiveness of individual OTC synthetic artificial tears.
This review of trials found only one randomised trial with 136 patients and two observational studies (both of low quality) suggesting no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamivudine and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a 3TC (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to those on 3TC/FTC-sparing second-line regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-line failure on non-thymidine analog combinations.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We found seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified tests, and 32 combinations. For the tests we looked at, we found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampatis test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance and 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. The tests were designed as screening tests, for assessing the physical status of the airway in adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for the different domains; we mostly observed low risk for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk for the reference standard and index tests. The standard bedside airway examination tests should be interpreted with caution, as they do not appear to be good screening tests. Given the paucity of available data, future research is needed to develop tests with high sensitivities to make them useful, and to consider their use for screening difficult face mask ventilation and failed intubation. The 27 studies in 'Studies awaiting classification' may alter the conclusions of the review, once we have assessed them.
Sixty-three studies met the inclusion criteria with a total of 8014 participants. Of these, 56 trials recruited infants and young children. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. Probiotics reduced the duration of diarrhoea, although the size of the effect varied considerably between studies. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotic intervention. The differences in effect size between studies was not explained by study quality, probiotic strain, the number of different strains, the viability of the organisms, dosage of organisms, or whether the studies were done in developed or developing countries. Used alongside rehydration therapy, probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency in acute infectious diarrhoeas. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We included only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants). The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of nid therapy on mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of this newly-formulated therapy. Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of the newly-formed therapy. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Two studies (1492 participants began initial dose titration, 687 participants randomised) had an EERW design (double blind, double blind) in which those with good pain relief after titration were randomly assigned to either continuing the effective dose (300 to 600 mg preregabalin daily or a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks) or continuing the placebo dose for 13 to 26 weeks. A small study (177 participants) compared nightly with twice-daily pregABalin, and concluded there was no difference in effect. The majority of participants in all treatment groups experienced side effects. Withdrawals due to side effects were about 10% higher with placebo (low quality evidence), but withdrawals due to lack of efficacy were about 6% lower (high quality evidence). Substantial benefit was experienced by about 14% of participants with placebo, but about 9% more with 300 to 600mg. Moderate benefit was seen by about 28% of people with placebo but about 11% more people with 300 and 600 mg. The degree of pain relief is similar to other effective medicines in fibromyalgia (milnacipran, duloxetine). These results are similar to the results from studies of classic design. The number needed to harm was about 3.7, 7.4, 18, and 19 respectively for all doses combined in studies of high quality evidence. Specific side effects (dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema) were more common in people taking placebo, in particular dizziness, nausea and vomiting. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the MTR (mild to moderate pain relief) outcome for moderate or severe pain due to fibromyalgia. The quality of the evidence was high for all outcomes except MTR, which was based on a very small number of participants. We judged the quality of evidence to be moderate or very low for MTR. The evidence is current to February 2016. We identified two new published studies with classic design, and one new published study with an enriched enrolment randomised withdrawal (EERW) design.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term). The included trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo and was at a low risk of bias. There is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulfate when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus. As there has been recent evidence for the use of magnesium sulphates to protect the brain of the preterm fetus, high-quality trials are needed to determine the safety profile and neurological outcomes for the term newborn.
The purpose of this review was to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions targeted at Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review. Two used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available to evaluate these interventions, despite the known success of these interventions in non-Indigenous populations. Due to this lack of published investigations, the external validity of the review is limited, as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results. The limited but available evidence reported does indicate that smoking cessation programs specifically targeted at Aboriginal populations can produce smoking abstinence. However, this evidence base is not strong with a small number of methodologically sound trials investigating these interventions. More rigorous trials are now required to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco related health disparities in Indigenous and non-Indian populations.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. Of the eight studies of high-risk surgery patients, five evaluated the effectiveness of pre-operative optimization but there was no difference in mortality when these studies were examined separately. We judged blinding of participants and personnel and blinding of outcome assessment to be at high risk in about half of the included studies and at low risk in 25% to 30% of the studies. Our review concluded that use of a PAC did not alter the mortality, general ICU or hospital LOS, or cost for adult patients in intensive care. The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. PAC is a diagnostic and haemodynamic monitoring tool but not a therapeutic intervention. Efficacy studies are needed to determine if there are optimal PAC-guided management protocols, which when applied to specific patient groups in ICUs could result in benefits such as shock reversal, improved organ function and less vasopressor use. Newer, less-invasive monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC prior to clinical use in critically ill patients.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution prior to either procedure reduces the pain. Cry characteristics favoured the cry characteristics of the infants but the differences were reduced by the provision of sweet tasting solutions prior to the procedure. Further well designed randomised controlled trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedures.
Two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry have been included in this review. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, (the primary outcome measure for this review), although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months and six months. Neither of the trials included data for the following prespecified secondary outcome measures: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineal wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or refute secondary suturing for the management of broken down or infected wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included RCTs separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, precluding any pooling of results. Only three studies indicated that compared with antiviral drug, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing influenza and alleviating influenza symptoms. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which no data were reported). There were no significant differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. No obvious adverse events were reported in the included studies. Most Chinese medical herbs showed similar effects to antiviral medications in preventing or treating influenza. Few were shown to be better than antiviral medicines. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. More high-quality studies with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
The evidence is current to May 2017. We identified 8 studies with a total of580 participants. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Based on low certainty evidence, thrombolytic therapy may restore catheter function when compared to placebo but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits and imprecision in the estimates of adverse events (149 participants). Based on the available evidence, physical disruption of a fibrin sheath using interventional radiology techniques appears to be equally efficacious as the use of a pharmaceutical drug for the immediate management of dysfunctional catheters (57 participants). There is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of side effects. Pharmacological interventions appear to have a bridging role and long-term catheter survival may be improved by fibrine sheath disruption and is probably superior following catheter exchange. There is no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to the adequacy of dialysis or risk of adverse effects. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to be at high risk for bias and were potentially influenced by the pharmaceutical industry. Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
The addition of one or more drugs to the regimen shows a statistically significant advantage for tumour response in women with metastatic breast cancer but the results suggest no difference in survival time or time to progression. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia were more common with the addition of a drug.
The review of trials found that patients discharged from a NLU are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of inpatient stay. No statistically significant adverse effects were noted but the possibility of increased early mortality cannot be discounted. Costs of care on the NLU were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two trials compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, two used ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. One low quality trial with 68 participants found that therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of experiencing short-term overall improvement at the end of seven weeks treatment (RR 2.36; 95% CI 1.40 to 3.98), although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Overall, there is insufficient evidence that one type of therapeutic ultrasound regimen is more efficacious than another. Differences between groups receiving different frequencies and intensities of ultrasound, and between ultrasound and other non-medical interventions, were generally small and not statistically significant for symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters. More methodologically rigorous studies are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of ultrasound for CTS. More adverse effects data are required before any firm conclusions can be made. There is only poor quality evidence from very limited data to suggest that ultrasound may be more effective than placebo for either short- or long-term symptom improvement in people with CTS, but there is not enough evidence to support the use of ultrasound as a treatment with greater efficacy compared to other treatments, such as splinting, exercises, and oral drugs.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (an antiplatelet drug), simvastat, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. There is evidence that statin therapy in patients with a history of ischaemic stroke or TIA significantly reduces subsequent major coronary heart disease events but only marginally reduces the risk of stroke recurrence. There was no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later. In view of this and the evidence of the benefit of statin treatment in patients who have had a previous heart attack or stroke, patients with an established history of heart disease should receive statins.
The evidence is current to April 2014. We found nine studies that evaluated the effects of mass media campaigns on smoking behaviour in adults. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. There is evidence that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include a mass media campaign can be effective in changing smoking behaviour, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. Among the three studies that did not show significant decreases in smoking, one demonstrated a significant intervention effect on smokers and ex-smokers combined. Another (California) showed positive results during the period of adequate funding and implementation and in final evaluation since the beginning of the programme. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed some positive effects on smoking behaviours and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence (Sydney). The intensity and duration of the media campaign may influence effectiveness, but length of following-up and concurrent secular trends and events can make this difficult to quantify.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for meta-analysis. Moderate-quality evidence supports the recommendation of yoga as a supportive intervention for improving health-related quality of life and reducing fatigue and sleep disturbances when compared with no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared to psychosocial/educational interventions. Very low quality evidence suggests that yoga might be as effective as other exercise interventions and might be used as an alternative to other exercise programmes.
We found one study that compared early post-operative imaging within 48 hours of surgery with no imaging. This study included 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma (GBM: World Health Organization (WHO) grade 4 glioma). Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we identified no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. The limited evidence suggesting that early postoperative brain imaging among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment may make little or no difference to survival needs to be further researched, particularly as the quality of the imaging also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. Mathematical modelling of a large database of people with GBM could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of GBM, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other prognostic factors, and in addition, paediatric studies could be used to inform future research of imaging strategies among adults.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiapine fails to provide high-quality trial based data. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. However, the need to determine whether metiabine is more or less effective than chlorpromazine seems to be lacking in clinical relevance and future research on this comparison seems unlikely.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion. Nitro-imidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. Neither agent had a higher risk than placebo of serious adverse events. There are insufficient randomised controlled trials to draw conclusions on the effectiveness and safety of other antibiotics. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post-operatively prophylaxis.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (825 participants). We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of psychosocial interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. The quality of evidence for the primary outcomes was low. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias. The interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme, brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. We rated the quality of the evidence for all outcomes as low or very low because of the small number of studies and the small sample size of the included studies. The evidence was of very low to low quality. No firm conclusions can be made because the paucity of the data and the low quality of some of the retrieved studies.
We found 23 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. Based on a single trial comparison, quinine (200 mg to 500 mg daily) significantly reduces cramp number and cramp days and moderate quality evidence that quinines reduce cramp intensity. There is no evidence to judge the best dosage or duration of treatment. There was no significant difference in major adverse events compared with placebo (RD 0%, 95% CI -1% to 2%). A combination of vitamin E, vitamin E alone, and xylocaine injections into gastrocnemius were not significantly different to quine across all outcomes, including adverse effects. Evidence from single trials suggests that theophylline (a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug) combined with quinins improves cramps more than quinin alone, but with no significant differences in adverse events. The incidence of serious adverse events with use up to 60 days is not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials, but because serious side effects can be rarely fatal, in some countries prescription of quinsine is severely restricted. Longer lengths of follow-up in future trials will help to determine the duration of action following cessation of treatment as well as long-term side effects. The search for new therapies, pharmacological and nonpharmacological, should continue and further trials should compare vitamin E with quinsines. Because serious side events are not common, large population studies are required to more accurately inform incidence.
We found seven trials (five parallel, two cross-over) enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers. Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. The two trials comparing magnesium to placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group (95% CI -28% to 12%, moderate quality evidence). We could not determine the number of participants with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramps. In contrast, for those experiencing pregnant-associated rest cramps the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is needed. We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramp or disease state-associated cramps (for example amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease).
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was evaluator-blinded, but personnel and participants could not be blinded to the intervention, which placed the results at a high risk of bias. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of participants did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The trial stated that training had no statistically significant effects on fatigue and quality of life. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people with type 3 SMA type 3 and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition. The quality of evidence is very low.
We found two small randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. One trial (81 patients with cervical radalectomy) found that surgical decompression was superior to physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilization in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. There is low quality evidence that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy or immobilization, but there is little or no difference in the long-term. One small trial (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myleopathy) found no differences between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effect of surgery. It is unclear whether the short term risks of surgery are offset by long term benefits. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care; four by a doctor, one by a nurse and one by clinic clerk. Three studies compared different types of health care workers; two compared nurses with doctors and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found a significant increase in return consultations. Seven studies looked at accident and emergency department visits, six showed no difference between the groups and one, of nurse telephone consultation, found an increase in visits. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants in this review. We found no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. Studies with follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the sustainability of intervention effects and were also less susceptible to short-term reporting or publication bias. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. Moreover, the quality of evidence is not strong, meaning that any effects could be inflated by chance.
We included 26 studies that randomly assigned people with asthma to receive an intervention to improve their inhaler technique or not. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for asthma control and quality of life but generally did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits for adults or children. Most included studies did not report important improvement in clinical outcomes. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition biases and at high risk for biases associated with blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. The variety of interventions and measurement methods used hampered our ability to perform meta-analyses and led to low to moderate confidence in our findings. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique were generally more useful than checklist scores. Evidence tended to be less clear for children, usually because results were based on fewer and smaller studies. We found no evidence about harms. Guidelines consistently recommend that clinicians check regularly the inhaler techniques of their patients; what is not clear is how clinicians can most effectively intervene if they find a patient's technique to be inadequate, and whether such interventions will have a discernible impact on clinical outcome.
Three small trials, involving 226 participants, were included in this review. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials included patients who had a CT-verified ICH. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. Death and disability could be calculated in the larger ICH trial without differences between the mannitol and control groups. Case fatality was not reported in the trial of ischaemia stroke. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials and the proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition did not differ significantly between patients and controls. The number of deaths was not significantly different between the two groups. Based on these three trials neither beneficial nor harmful effects could be proved. There is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannitor in acute stroke patients. Further trials are needed.
Six trials were identified, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. The results of these trials were similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher number of adverse events. The effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression of rheumatoid arthritis are not clear from this review.
We found four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, the fourth study compared the decoctions with two other Chinese herbal interventions. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs, particularly Astragalus spp. There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoications of Huangqi compound were given in addition to chemotherapy. Huangqi drugs were also associated with increases in the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3; CD4 and CD8. There were no significant effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. Despite the quality of the included studies being low quality, the results suggest that Huangqi treatments may stimulate immunocompetent cells and decrease side effects in patients treated with chemotherapy, but due to the methodological limitations of the studies, there is no robust demonstration of benefit. We need high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects of Chinese herbal treatments for chemotherapy-related side effects.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated vitamin A and DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated DHA and vitamin A versus vitamin A. We did not perform meta-analysis due to clinical heterogeneity of participants and interventions across the included trials. The primary outcome, mean change in visual field from baseline at one year, was not reported in any of the studies. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in the other trials. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. Based on the results of three RCTs, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A or/or DHA for people with RP, in terms of the average change in the visual field and the average increase in the size of the ERG at five years follow-up. In future trials, since some of the included studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue. In addition, future trials should take into account the changes observed in the effects of treatment on ERG and other outcome measures from trials included in the review, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure adequate power to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms. We reviewed 394 titles and abstracts and nine ClinicalTrials.gov records and included three trials that met our eligibility criteria.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The majority of participants had RA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits or any actions by an occupational physician. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). We identified no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. Overall, we evaluated the two smaller trials as having a high risk of bias and the large trial as having no bias. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. The latter one probably suffered from performance bias and we judged it to have a high-risk of bias. The results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective. While this review highlights that further high quality RCTs are required, the results suggest the results of this Cochrane review suggest that this strategy may be effective in preventing job loss in workers with inflammatory arthritis.
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine) from three countries. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed.
This review included four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses of INCS. Current evidence is limited for acute sinulitis confirmed by radiology or nasal endoscopy but supports the use of inoperable nitric oxide (INCS) as a monotherapy or as an adjuvant therapy to antibiotics. Clinicians should weigh the modest but clinically important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy. No new trials were found for inclusion in this update.
The review of trials found that the administration of vancomycin in low doses reduced the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcal infections in eligible preterm infants. Mortality, length of stay, and evidence of adverse events were not significantly different between the two groups. The methodologies of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of sepsus in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines may have failed to grow due to the lower levels of the antibiotic in the infusate. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of developing vancomys resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials. Although there is a theoretical concern regarding the development of resistant organisms with the use of prophylactic antibiotic, there is insufficient evidence from these trials to be able to determine the risks. Few clinically important benefits have been demonstrated for very low birth weight infants treated with proprylactic antibiotics. It therefore appears that routine routine treatment of newborns should not be undertaken at present.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by secondary intention. Fourteen reports of 13 randomised trials were identified. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds. WOUND HEALING: Whilst a single small trial of aloe vera supplementation vs gauze suggests delayed healing, the results of this trial are un interpretable since there was a large differential loss to follow up. Gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings (4 trials). COSTS: Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam (2 trials). One trial found shorter hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied compared with elastic compression. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that included 1482 women. Five reports were published before 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. One trial did not show any significant difference in milk volume or composition with two POPs, a COC, or an etonodilator implant. Another four trials showed no significant difference between the two methods in the milk volume of breast milk. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data.
This review of 10 trials found that red-light cameras are effective in reducing total crashes. However, the evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
Four trials involving 494 participants were included in this review. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy by day five. The review authors analyzed each study separately because it was not possible to perform a subgroup analysis by inpatient or outpatient status. In patients with acute thromboembolism (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, considerable uncertainty surrounds the use of a 10-mg or a 5-mg loading dose for initiation of warfarin.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. None of the trials were designed specifically for people with dementia or cognitive impairment, therefore the data included in the review were from subgroups of participants participating in randomised controlled trials investigating models of care for all older people following hip fracture. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one domain. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with a conventional care model, and two trials compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise, and the overall certainty for most results was very low. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was only very low certainty for our other primary outcome, activities of daily living and functional performance, therefore we were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence. Data were available from only a small number of trials and the certainty for all other results is low. We found limited evidence that some of the models of rehabilitation and care used in the included trials may show benefits over usual care for preventing delirium and reducing length of stay in hospital. However, the certainty of these results was low. The certainty of the evidence for all outcomes was low or very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results.
We identified seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 840 children with acute and chronic illnesses using specialist home-based nursing services. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for the families. The only summary finding across a few studies was that there is a significant decrease in length of hospitalisation. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home care. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
We included 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 7524 people with severe mental illness in this review. The evidence is current to July 2016. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. The 2016 update included two more studies (n = 196) and more publications with additional data for four already included studies. When ICM was compared with non-ICM for the outcome service use, there was moderate-quality evidence that ICM probably makes little or no difference in the average number of days in hospital per month (2220, 21 RCTs, MD -0.08, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.08 to 0.21, moderate quality evidence) or in the number of admissions to hospital (678, 1 RCT, MD-0.18, CI 0.18 to 1.05, moderate- quality evidence). Similarly, when ICM is compared with standard care, ICM may reduce hospitalisation and increase retention in care compared to standard care. It also globally improved social functioning, although ICM's effect on mental state and quality of life remains unclear. Intensive Case Management models with high fidelity to the original team organisation of ACT model were more effective at reducing time in hospital. However, it is unclear what overall gain ICM provides on top of a less formal approach. We do not think that more trials comparing current ICM with standard health care or with other types of ICM are justified, however we currently know of no review comparing ICM versus standard care and this should be undertaken. Based on very low- to moderate-rated evidence, Intensivecase Management is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with mental illness. It may reduce the time spent in hospital, and may reduce death by suicide. Similarly, the results showed that ICm may reduce participants leaving the intervention early (1970, 7 studies, RR 0.70, CI 1.52, RR 2.84, RR 3.96, RR 4.95, RR 5.06, RR 6.76, RR 7.10, RR 8.00, RR 9.01, RR 10.20, RR 11.14, RR 12.40, RR 13.50, RR 14.04, RR 15.25, RR 16.35, RR 17.34, RR 18.33, RR 19.31, RR 20.00.
Twenty-five trials contributed data to the quantitative synthesis in this review. All but one trial were at high risk of bias. There were no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. There was no significant difference in the time taken to complete the task in the remaining three comparisons (reverse alignment versus forward alignment box training; box trainer suturing versus box trainer drills; and single incision versus multiport box training). None of the remaining secondary outcomes such as mortality and morbidity were reported in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee satisfaction. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). Laparoscopic box models training appears to improve technical skills compared with no training in trainees with no previous laparoscopic experience. The impacts of this decreased time on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs are unknown. There appears to be no significant differences in the improvement of technical skills between different methods of box models. The quality of the included trials was very low or very low. Further well-designed trials of low risk of error and random errors are necessary. Such trials should assess the impacts on surgical skills in both the short and long term, as well as clinical outcomes when the trainee becomes competent to operate on patients.
This review identified two randomised clinical trials. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients. The other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. There is no evidence to support or refute peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. The intrabiliary application of corticosteroid via nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared early versus delayed feeding. We found 11 trials that included a total of 284 participants. Seven trials addressed the timing of support (early versus delayed), data on mortality were obtained for all seven trials (284 participants). Because early support often involves parenteral nutrition, three of the trials are also included in the previous analyses. One trial compared gastric versus jejunal enteral nutrition, there were no deaths and the RR was not estimable. This review suggests that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on death and disability, and these trials should be large enough to be of high quality.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that participants who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls, 15 studies showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control group, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) intervention participants drank one unit per occasion less than intervention control participants. There was no evidence of an association between reporting theory use and intervention effectiveness. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory, Transtheoretical Model and Social Norms Theory (6/20). Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. Over half of the interventions made no reference to any theories. The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital interventions to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. Only five small studies (390 participants) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. There is moderate quality evidence that digital interventions may lower alcohol consumption, with an average reduction of up to three (UK) standard drinks per week compared to control participants, and there may be little or no difference in impact on alcohol consumption between digital interventions and face to face interventions. The quality of the evidence from fewer studies suggested that there may not be a difference between the two types of interventions. We judged the quality of evidence to be moderate, meaning that further research is likely to change the results.
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomly allocated to other active treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. In addition, we judged 20 of the 24 studies as having a high risk of bias in at least one domain. Two primary outcomes of efficacy and acceptability showed a possible advantage of Benzodiazepine over placebo in the short-term treatment of panic disorders. We rated the evidence for the other secondary outcomes as of very low quality. We judged the quality of evidence as low for both primary outcomes. The validity of the studies is questionable due to possible unmasking of allocated treatments, high dropout rates, and probable publication bias. The included studies were only short term studies and did not examine the long-term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzadiazepines versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. Furthermore, the clinician's choice should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long term perspective.
We found 13 small trials (1520 participants randomised) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. No studies reported on cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (all studies had follow-up of one year or less). None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There was considerable heterogeneity between the studies included in this review and studies were small and at some risk of bias. Due to the limited evidence available currently no conclusions can be drawn as to the effectiveness of tai chi on CVD risk factors. Results of the ongoing trials will add to the evidence base but additional longer-term, high-quality trials are needed.
We searched scientific databases for studies of family-based interventions to prevent children and adolescents from starting to smoke. We included studies that compared interventions to a control group receiving no intervention or usual care, or to a school-based intervention provided to all participants. Twenty-three interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The interventions were very heterogeneous in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. We were unable to extract data from all studies in a format that allowed inclusion in a meta-analysis. The quality of the evidence was moderate. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. There is moderate quality evidence to suggest that a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (which is usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. The evidence is therefore strongest for high intensity programmes used independently of school interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Eight RCTs compared a combined family plus school intervention to school intervention only. The other five studies with about 18,500 participants did not report data. There were more studies of interventions compared to no intervention, than there were for other compairsons. The results of this review suggest that family interventions can have a positive effect on preventing children and teenagers starting to start smoking. However, findings should be interpreted cautiously.
We included three studies, enrolling 451 participants. The trial size varied from 51 to 280 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional interventions in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexametron. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We included two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days in the meta-analysis for nausea intensity; no data were available that incorporated the same outcome measures for a third study. We found very low-quality evidence which neither supported nor refuted corticosteroid use in this setting. The quality of the evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies. Factors limiting statistical analysis included the lack of standardised measurements of nausea, the use of different agents, dosages, and comparisons. Frequency of side effects was not significantly different between groups, and all interventions were well tolerated. Further high-quality studies are needed to determine if steroids are effective in the treatment of nausea and vomiting not related to chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or surgery in adult cancer patients.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. Three studies included HIV-infected children (n = 1345), four children with cystic fibrosis and one each sickle cell disease, cancer and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection, cyst fibrosis or cancer was moderate. There is inconclusive evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis in certain groups of high risk children can reduce pneumonia, exacerbations, hospital admission and mortality in certain conditions. There was no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events with antibiotics. In the one study of children with sickle cells disease, a significantly lesser proportion of children had pneumococcal septicaemia (pneumococcal infection) with antibiotics (P value = 0.0025). There was an increased risk of emergence of pathogenic strains of bacteria (pathogenicity) in two studies reporting this outcome. In three studies, there were no significant differences in the number of children who developed antibiotic resistance. The effect of antibiotics on growth was inconsistent across the studies. In one study, the quality of life was not significantly different between children who received antibiotics and those who did not. In two studies, we were unable to assess the effects of antibiotics in children who were not given antibiotics. Due to inadequate data, we could not rate the evidence for two studies (low risk of bias), and another in children with underweight newborns (low birth weight newborns) who were given antibiotics to prevent respiratory infections. We found no evidence of increased antibiotic resistance in two of the included studies. The evidence is current to March 2015. We recommend that more clinical trials are conducted in children at high risk of developing respiratory infections to prevent them. Specifically, clinical trials assessing the effectiveness of antibiotics for preventing respiratory infections in congenital heart disease, metabolic disease, endocrine and renal disorders, neurological disease or prematurity should be a priority.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), randomising 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. Four trials randomised participants to helium (69 participants) or carbon dioxide (75 participants) and one trial involving 33 participants did not state the number of participants in each group. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated as very low quality evidence. The quality of the current evidence is very low. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of either room air or helium on cardiopulmonary complications, surgical complications, or surgical morbidity. There were no serious adverse events related to room air. The evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that room air may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery. The trial was at unclear risk of biased. We were unable to combine the results of four trials (125 participants) that compared helium (three studies) with helium (four studies) and two studies (195 participants) comparing room air with room air and no serious side effects were reported. The trials were at unclear quality of evidence. We did not have enough data to determine whether room air was better or worse than room air for reducing hospital costs or reducing pain during the first day after surgery. We rated the quality of this evidence to be very low because of the small number of people included in the trials, the small numbers of participants, and the small size of the included trials. The results of one trial (73 participants) did not provide enough information to be able to draw any firm conclusions about the effect of room air on hospital costs and pain scores. The review authors conclude that there is not enough evidence to recommend the use of any of these gases. The safety of the gases has yet to be established. Further trials on this topic are needed, and should compare various gases (i.e. nitrogen, argon, nitrogen, and room air) with carbon dioxide under standard pressure. Future trials should include outcomes such as complications, serious side events, quality of life, and pain.
The evidence is current to August 2013. Fourteen studies were included in this review. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 participants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies compared a high versus a moderate dose and five studies a moderate versus a low cumulative dose. Four other studies enrolled 762 infants and compared early initiation of dexamethasone therapy versus a moderately early or delayed initiation and showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. The two RCTs investigating a continuous versus a pulse regimen showed an increased risk of the combined outcome death or BPD when using the pulse therapy. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ corticosteroids and lack of long-term neurodevelopmental data in most studies. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher-dosage regimens on the incidence of BPD and neuro developmental impairment, recommendations cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large randomised controlled trial is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal steroid dosage regimen.
This review included eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people with acute rheumatic fever. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. No new studies were included in this update. Researchers compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone (an anti-inflammatory drug), dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulin versus aspirin, placebo or no treatment. There was little evidence of benefit when corticosteroids were used to reduce the risk of heart disease after one year. Similarly, use of corticoteroids (two studies, 212 participants, risk ratio 1.13, 95% confidence interval 0.52 to 2.45) compared with aspirin did not reduce heart disease. Investigators in five studies did not report adverse events. However, all results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. The quality of most of the trials was low or very low due to the small number of participants and limitations in the methods used in the studies. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticide spraying to be effective in reducing trachomas. Another study found that health education reduced the incidence of trachum. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, however, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce trachomiasis. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in the control of flies, but this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides. Two trials on latrine provision have not demonstrated significant reduction in the number of flies. Generally, all the studies have some methodological concerns. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the controlling of environmental flies.
Fifteen studies (1043 CFS participants) were included in the review. CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies. The evidence base at follow-up is limited to a small group of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo (an inactive substance) in people with sickle cell disease (HbSS, HbSC, HBSβ+thal and HbSβ0thal) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. We included one study in this review. Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven withdrew before randomisation leaving 39 participants who were randomised. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. We found one low-quality clinical study which had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data. We assessed the quality of the evidence for this outcome to be moderate. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin D and placebo groups, but the evidence was low. Regarding the frequency of pain, we found that people taking vitamin D had significantly fewer pain days compared to the placebo group, but again, we assessed this as low quality evidence. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplementation (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines) and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D. Evidence from high quality studies is needed. Well-designed, randomised, placebo-controlled studies of parallel design, are required to determine the effects and the safety of vitamin D supplements in children and adults.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). The study recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared the two interventions. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-3 and ReST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. The study did not assess the outcome of functional communication. There is limited evidence that, when given intensively, both treatments may improve word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and the accuracy in connected speech. However, maintenance of treatment effects to four months post-treatment could not be analysed without significant potential bias, and thus this time point was not included for further analysis in this review. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Similarly, further RCTs are needed of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one RCT was identified.
We included four randomised controlled trials that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to poor reporting. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. In the last study, all participants had active retinochoroiditis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomisation to the antibiotic treatment group but did not provide further details. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. In one study (US study) pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks intraocular inflammation had almost completely resolved by eight weeks in all participants, however in this study all participants received steroid treatment. The last study (Brazil study) reported that the severity of inflammation was higher in the comparator group when compared with the antibiotic-treated group. Only the study in Brazil, in participants with healed lesions, reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. There is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of recurrent toxoplasma retinosporiasis. Further trials of people with acute and chronic toxoplasmretinosporitis affecting any part of the retina are required to determine the effects of antibiotic treatment on vision outcomes.
We included 43 trials containing predominantly older people with mainly trochanteric fractures. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for the proximal femoral nail (PFN) versus the SHS. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test. Two trials (65 participants) found that nails were associated with fewer fracture fixing complications than fixed nail plates for unstable fractures at the level of the lesser trochanters, but fractures were more common in the IMHS group. With its lower complication rate, and absence of functional outcome data to the contrary, SHS appears superior for trochantic fractures. The SHS may have advantages over fixed angle plates for some unstable fractures, but further studies are required. Further studies are needed to confirm whether more recently developed designs of nails avoid the complications of previous nails.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed retrospective data for 47 women who received either palliative surgery (27) or medical management with Octreotide (20) and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Quality of life (QoL) was not reported and adverse events were incompletely documented. Although six (22%) women who had surgery had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, multivariable analysis found that women who underwent surgery had significantly (p < 0.001) better survival than women who were treated with medical management, after adjustment for important prognostic factors. However, there is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival. We found only low quality evidence comparing palliatives surgery and medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other.
Four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) met the inclusion criteria for this review. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women randomising) studied atorvastarin. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. Although statins improve lipid profiles and reduce testosterone levels, there is no evidence that they improve resumption of menstrual irregularity or menstrual ovulation, nor is there any evidence that there is any improvement of acne. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTs to assess clinical outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with advanced cervical cancer. We found only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques. Since the last version of this review we found no new studies. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Thus, this systematic review identified the need for a randomised clinical trial assessing the benefits and risks of these treatments.
The review authors identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of 745 patients that compared temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). In the elderly, 2 RCTs of 664 patients found OS and PFS was similar with temozlomide alone and radiotherapy plus radiotherapy was similar in the elderly. QoL did not appear to differ between arms in a single trial but certain adverse events were significantly more common in elderly patients. In recurrent GBM in patients with GBM treated with standard chemotherapy compared with standard cytotecan (tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TCF-alpha) inhibitors) or radiotherapy without chemotherapy, the effect of the drug on survival and progression-free survival (QoL) did not differ between the two groups. However, the risk of haematological complications, fatigue and infections were increased with the drug compared to radiotherapy. When given in both concomitant and adjuvant phases of radiotherapy in GBM when given as a primary therapy in both the first and second phase of treatment, it prolongs survival and delays progression without impacting on QOL, but it does increase early adverse events. In the older population, the drug appears comparable to the radiotherapy but with a higher instance of side effects.
We searched the literature up to January 2016 and found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies in which people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated interventions for retaining district health systems managers. One study was conducted in Cambodia and the other in Latin America. The findings of one study provide low quality evidence that contracting-in may improve health care access and utilization and that intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers’ performance. In the other study, managers who did not receive the intermittent training course had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses. More evidence is needed before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness of these interventions in diverse settings. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs) as well as training district health workers have not been adequately investigated.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Duration of mechanical ventilation, length of intensive care unit stay (ICU), and length of hospital stay were measured in the three studies. There was some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilator use, and duration of ICU stay. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We found 50 trials (19 RCTs and 31 before-and-after studies) in 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied cerivastatin effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. When compared to fluvastatin, atorvastat, rosavastatin and rosuvastin, we judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. Based on an informal comparison of the effects of these drugs, we found that, when compared to the drugs used to reduce cholesterol in people with a history of heart disease, the drugs in this review were about 250-fold more potent at reducing LDL cholesterol, and 233-fold greater potency at reducing total cholesterol. The drugs in the trials were also more potent in reducing triglycerides (a type of fat) and triglycerides in people without heart disease. There was a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse effects, but a low risk for the lipid measurements. This review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in 42% of the studies.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. We found moderate-high certainty evidence that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation appears to be a safe method, and probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four of the 28 studies. The remaining 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group. The certainty of the evidence is low (15 studies, 3993 participants: RR 3.47, 95% CI 0.55 to 21.76; I2 = 0%); only two of 15 studies reported any adverse effects (6/1999 and 1/1994 in the control group). It is uncertain whether the use of cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control. Overall we had moderate certainty evidence however the available data does not confirm the efficacy in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in patients undergoing major cardiac and vascular surgery.
We included 12 trials (three from the 2008 search and nine from the 2014 search) with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-pharmacological interventions, a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). No trial primarily investigated preventing PSF. Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing fatigue after stroke, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after strokes.
The review of trials found that the combination of insulin and glucose and albuterol inhalation is preferred over rectal cation-resin for hyperkalaemia in preterm infants. The three trials included in the review were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials. In none of the trials could we ascertain that allocation to the comparison groups was concealed. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination or the combination. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. Both the combination and glucose inhalation deserve further study. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested in randomised controlled trials.
This review included 12 randomised controlled trials that compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected participants. Three studies including a total of 75 children suggested that IVIG probably hastens recovery compared with supportive care. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. Another trial with 34 participants comparing immunoabsorption followed by IVG with immuno absorption alone did not reveal significant extra benefit from the combined treatment. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment, but IVG is significantly much more likely to be completed than PE. In children, according to moderate quality evidence, giving IVG after PE did not confer any extra benefit. There are no adequate comparisons of IVG versus placebo in adults, but this review provides moderate-quality evidence that, in severe disease, IVG started within two weeks from onset hastens the recovery as much as PE. Also, giving intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) after PE does not appear to hasten recovery. In mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset, more research is needed in mild disease. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) in this review. In the 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of inspiration. We did not observe an effect of a higher fraction of inspirational oxygen on surgical site infections in any other subgroup analyses. As the risk of adverse events, including mortality, may be increased by a fraction of induced oxygen of 60% or higher, and as robust evidence is lacking for a beneficial effect of higher levels of inspiration in anaesthesia and surgery, our overall results suggest that evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of a high level of inspiration during anaesthesia or surgery. Given the risks of attrition and outcome reporting bias, as well as other weaknesses in the available evidence, further randomized trials with low risk of bias in all quality domains, including a large sample size and long-term follow-up, are warranted.
Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion in this review. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Time periods ranged from 10 to 14 days to six months. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the control treatment (risk ratio (RR) 2.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.58 to 2.53; number needed to treat to benefit (NNTB) 5). However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, 742 children) indicating that children received oral antibiotics have more diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash than those treated with control treatment. In terms of the secondary outcome of complete resolution at any time point, we found low quality evidence from five meta-analyses, including between two and 14 trials, of a beneficial effect of antibiotics. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion (two trials, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one trial, 103 children), while we found evidence (five trials, 1086 children; NNTB 18) of a benefit of oral antibiotics on acute otitis media episodes within four to eight weeks and within six months after randomisation (low quality evidence). It should, however, be noted that the beneficial effect was no longer significant when we excluded studies with high risk of bias. None of the trials reported data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. The impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing is uncertain and we found no data on other important outcomes such as speech and language, cognitive development and quality of living. This review presents evidence of both benefits and harms associated with the use of antibiotics to treat children up to 16 years with OME. This has specifically been linked to the widespread use of antibiotic for common conditions such as OME, particularly in children. Although evidence indicates that antibiotics are associated with an increase in the number of children with complete resolution (at various time points), we also found evidence that these children are more than twice as likely to experience diarrhoeas, vomiting and skin rash. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate in terms of quality of evidence for other secondary outcomes (e.g. hearing). We found conflicting results on hearing levels at two and four weeks and conflicting results for other outcomes, such as hearing at six months and hearing at two weeks. Furthermore, we did not find any data on the impact of antibiotic treatment on speech or language or cognitive development. We conclude that there is a need for further research in this area. Even in situations where clear and relevant benefits of antibiotics have been demonstrated, these must always be carefully balanced against adverse effects and the emergence of bacterial resistance.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) of people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs. Pooling of the seven RCTs in type 1 diabetes resulted in a non-significant reduction in the decline of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of 0.1 ml/min/month (95% CI -0.1 to 0.3) in the LPD group. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. Because of the variability amongst patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein. Further longer-term research is needed.
We identified 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. For participants with moderate to severe brain injury already in rehabilitation, 'strong evidence' suggested that most individuals made a good recovery when appropriate information was provided, without the need for additional specific interventions. For moderate-to-severe brain injury, 'weak evidence' showed benefit from formal intervention, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. Intensive intervention appears to lead to earlier functional gains, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. Patients discharged from in-patient rehabilitation benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. Patients who present acutely to hospital with mild brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate- to severe-type brain injury should be followed-up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment with a peer group of individuals facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring rehabilitation following brain injury. 'Strong evidence' supports the use of a milieu-oriented model, in which comprehensive cognitive rehabilitation takes place in a group of patients. 'Limited evidence' shows that specialist inpatient rehabilitation and specialist multi-disciplinary community rehabilitation may provide additional functional gains. 'Moderate evidence' suggests that continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. Not all questions can be addressed by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic longitudinal cohort studies conducted in a context of routine clinical practice. Consequently, different interventions and combinations of interventions are required to meet the needs of patients with different problems.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control (separate care) and we analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. The factorial design took into account two factors, i.e. infant location in relation to the mother and the type of infant apparel. They reported the overall median duration of any breastfeeding to be four months, with no difference found between groups. Duration of exclusive breastfeeding and the proportion of infants being exclusively breastfed at six months of age was not reported in the trial. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming-in versus mother-infant separation. Further well-designed RCTs are needed.
Eight trials involving 660 participants were included in this review. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment, indicating a significantly lower rate of death and dependency in the sanchi group than in the control group. Sanchi appears to be beneficial and safe for acute ischaemic stroke, but the small sample and inferior quality of studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are required.
The review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to determine possible advantages or disadvantages of immediate, immediate-delayed or delayed implants, therefore these preliminary conclusions are based on few underpowered trials often judged to be at high risk of bias. One RCT compared immediate with immediately delayed implants in 16 patients for 2 years and found no differences. Three RCTs evaluated different techniques of bone grafting for implants immediately placed in extraction sockets. No statistically significant difference was observed when evaluating whether autogenous bone is needed in postextractive sites (1 trial with 26 patients) or which was the most effective augmentation technique (2 trials with 56 patients). There is not enough reliable evidence supporting or refuting the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets or whether any of the augmentation techniques is superior to the others. There is a suggestion that immediate implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction.
The review of trials found that clioquinol (PBT1) is safe and well tolerated in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. There is an absence of evidence as to whether PBT1 has any positive clinical benefit for patients with AD, or whether the drug is safe. One participant in the active treatment group developed neurological symptoms (impaired visual acuity and colour vision) which resolved on cessation of treatment and were possibly attributable to the drug. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation (participants in the treatment group had a higher mean pre-morbid IQ) and the secondary analyses of results stratified by dementia severity. In the second trial a successor compound, PBT2, was compared with placebo in 78 participants with mild dementia; all were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. The second trial was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate cognitive efficacy. The planned phase III trial has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Five trials compared PDE5 inhibitors to placebo in PH secondary to lung disease/hypoxia, mostly in COPD. There was no evidence of a difference in WHO functional class or mortality across both treatments. There were limited trials comparing PDE-5 inhibitors directly with other PAH-specific therapy (endothelin receptor antagonists (ERAs)). There were no differences in the number of deaths between the two treatments. The quality of data was low due to imprecision and inconsistency across trials. There appeared to be a small improvement of 27 metres in 6MWD in people with pulmonary hypertension secondary to left-heart disease (PH-LHD). There was some benefit for the use of PDE inhibitors in PH-left heart disease, but it is not clear based on the mostly small, short-term studies, which type of left heart disease stands to benefit. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this clinical setting, and clinicians should consider the side-effect profile for each individual when choosing which PDE inhibitor to prescribe. There is no clear benefit for PDE 5 inhibitors in pulmonary hypertension secondaries to lung and chronic thromboembolic disease. Further research is required into the mechanisms of pulmonary hypertension in this setting. Future trials should be sufficiently powered, with long-term follow-up, and should include invasive haemodynamic data, World Health Organization functional class, six-minute walk distance, and clinical worsening.
We included 22 randomised controlled trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. We included one new trial involving 45 participants in this updated review. This review provides evidence that multiple-injection techniques using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. 'Risk of bias' assessment indicated that trial design and conduct were generally adequate; the most common areas of weakness were in blinding and allocation concealment.
We identified three studies that compared beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to children with mild-moderate asthma. Study duration was 7-12 months. In all three studies, a significant decrease in linear growth occurred in children treated with be clomipramine compared to those receiving placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. We recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's asthma and closely following growth.
The review of trials found that patients on APD had significantly more time for work, family and social activities. APD may however be considered advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education due to its psychosocial advantages. There is a need for a RCT comparing CAPD with APD with sufficiently large patient numbers looking at important clinical outcomes including residual renal function, accompanied by an economic evaluation to clarify the relative clinical and cost-effectiveness of both modalities.
This review found that CRT is superior to CT alone for advanced stages (II to IV) of the disease, but CT alone seems to cause less SM. Excess SM with RT is due mainly to ST and is apparently caused by greater need for salvage therapy after RT. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. All three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Findings regarding quality of life and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermal and intrathecal administration studies. Many patients discontinue opioid therapy (especially oral opioids) due to adverse events or insufficient pain relief; however, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioid therapy for a long time experience clinically significant pain relief. Many minor adverse events (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious adverse events, including iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of participants in the studies that reported that outcome. The quality of the evidence was weak.
The evidence is current to May 2018. We found only one study with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 (standard standard deviation 11.6) years. This study compared the effects of anabolic steroids (20 mg/day, administered orally) compared with a placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. The study stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in the opinion of the study authors showed that the participants in the trial had no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (risk ratio RR) 0.81, 95% confidence interval (CI) 052 to 1.26) (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide 95% CI, which spanned both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male). There was very low-certainty evidence on the risk of non-serious adverse events reported in participants treated with ox androlone compared with placebo (RR 3.85, 95%. The certainty of the evidence is very low due to the small number of participants in this study and the small sample size. There was no difference in the number of serious side effects reported between the two treatment groups. We are uncertain whether the use of anabolics improves or reduces the total healing of the ulcers, as we assessed the certainty of evidence as very low. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of anabolics for the treatment of pressure ulcer. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary to assess the effect of anandroids on treating pressure ulters, but careful consideration of the current trial and its early termination are required when planning future research.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email to usual care. For both comparisons there was no difference between the groups for patient or caregiver understanding and support. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. For email versus usual care only, there were no significant differences between groups for the primary outcome of patient health status and well-being. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. All nine trials included the conversion of a positive to a negative Dix-Hallpike test as an outcome measure. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. The addition of postural restrictions does not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised. Specific patients who experience discomfort due to wearing a cervical collar and inconvenience in sleeping upright may be treated with the Epley manoeuvre alone and still expect to be cured in most instances. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine application of mastoid oscillation during the mastoid manoeuvre, or of additional steps in an 'augmented' Epleys manoeuvre.
We included four studies (231 participants randomised) in the review. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. Although there were important differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used, the results were similar. No differences were found for any objective measurements or olfactory tests in those studies in which they were measured. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. Two studies (one comparing ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid, the other ESS versus systemic steroids) failed to find a difference in generic health-related quality of life scores. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than another in terms of patient-reported symptom scores and quality-of-life measurements. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain. As the overall evidence is of very low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem is justified.
We included eight trials with a total of709 participants. Seven trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared foods fortified with zinc in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. We did not find a difference in serum or plasma zinc levels when compared with participants consuming foods with zinc plus other micronutrients but no added zinc (4 studies; 250 participants; low-quality evidence). There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with foods containing zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low because most trials had unclear or high risk of bias for randomisation, but there was low quality evidence for blinding and attrition. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found that zinc fortification may improve the serum zinc status of populations if zinc is the only nutrient used for fortification. If zinc is added to food in combination, it may make little or no difference. Effects of zinc on other outcomes including zinc deficiency, children’s growth, cognition, work capacity of adults, or on haematological indicators are unknown. Given the small number of trials and participants in each trial, further investigation of these outcomes is required.
We included 11 randomised controlled trials involving 3060 men with advanced prostate cancer. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate for overall survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment failure (at one year, 70 weeks, two years) in men with metastatic disease. Predefined subgroup analyses showed that use of non-steroidal antiandrogens, compared with medical or surgical castration monotherapy, was less favourable in terms of overall survival and clinical progression at one year and two years, respectively, and for treatment failure due to side effects (such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes). The effects on cancer-specific survival and biochemical progression remained unclear. Further research is likely to have an important impact on results for patients with advanced but non-metastatic prostate cancer treated with antiandrogen monotherapy. However, we believe that it is likely not necessary to conduct further research on this topic. If further research is planned to investigate biochemical progression, studies with standardised follow-up schedules using measurements of prostate-specific antigen based on current guidelines should be conducted. Only high-quality, randomised clinical trials with long-term follow up are needed.
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared screening versus not screening for breast cancer. The trials included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. We found that breast cancer mortality was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy (data available in only two trials). If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.org. Because of substantial advances in treatment and greater breast cancer awareness since the trials were carried out, it is likely that the absolute effect of screening today is smaller than in the trials.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. Three studies only included women with PCOS (n = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (N = 400). The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. Although inconclusive, our findings suggested that hCG priming may be associated with a reduction in clinical pregnancy rates; 22% of women who received no priming achieved pregnancy, while between 7% and 23% did so. However, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. As no data were available on side effects other than miscarriage or on drug reactions, we could not adequately assess the safety of priming. This review found no conclusive evidence that priming had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials (RCTs) before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of h CG priming, and the optimal dose and timing.
The review of trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether sub groups of women using particular types of hormone therapy could benefit from treatment. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these uncertainties by the year 2010. In the meantime, based on the available evidence, ERT cannot be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or maintenance in older women without cognitive impairment.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 participants. They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. Based on analysis of primary and secondary outcomes, we are uncertain whether once-daily ICS/LABA, combined in one inhaler, has a different efficacy or adverse effect profile compared to LAMA for treatment of people with COPD. None of the pneumonias were fatal. However, the current review is based on only two trials with the main focus on primary outcomes other than those considered in this review. The short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty. Further trials of longer duration are needed. Current evidence is not strong enough to demonstrate important differences between inhalers in terms of effects, nor to establish that fluticasone/vilanterol 100/25 mcg and tiotropium 18 mcg are equivalent.
The review authors identified four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 169 participants. Two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapy trials were eligible for inclusion in the review. Results from the small number of available RCTs suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating patients with BDD. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well as a range of psychological therapy approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available.
This review included three randomised controlled trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis and involving 268 adults with HIV-infected patients. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. In the small trials included in this review, when compared to a rechallenge protocol, cotinine desensitization resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV- infected patients with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug. Paediatric data and trials in resource-poor settings are urgently required. Further trials are also needed for the treatment of opportunistic infections, treating-through, adjunctive medications, and different dosages.
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared midazolam with placebo in 148 preterm infants undergoing intensive care. However, none of the sedation scales used in these trials have been validated in preterm babies; therefore, we could not be certain about the effectiveness of the intervention in this population. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment based on the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of NICU stay, adequacy of analgesia according to PIPP scores and poor neurological outcomes by 28 days' postnatal age. Data are insufficient to promote the use of intravenous midazilam infusion as a sedative for neonates in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). This review raises concerns about the safety of the treatment in neonates. Further research is needed.
Twelve trials involving 767 participants were included in this review. No differences were detected between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for people with diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment. There was no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in otherwise healthy people. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotic treatment for NTS. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotics.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192 participants) assessing the accuracy of interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsi criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. We found that if we test a cohort 1000 adult patients with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have septicaemia. Using we found sensitivity 60 out of every 100 patients will be correctly diagnosed with septicemic infection, and in addition patients would avoid therapy undiagnosed. The conclusions of this review will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of the review once they are fully evaluated and evaluated. The quality of the evidence was assessed as moderate to very low, due to the small number of studies included in this review and the heterogeneity of the included participants. Further studies are needed.
We included 29 studies with a total of 5718 participants. All studies except one were at an unclear or high risk of bias. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification, five trials included people undergoing what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery, and the remaining studies including people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of error and imprecision. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring, acceptability of dressing and ease of removal, and uncertainty whether dressing influenced these outcomes. It is uncertain whether wound exposure or any dressing reduces or increases the risk of SSIs compared with alternative options investigated, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others. Most studies in this review were small and at a high or unclear risk of biases. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference.
We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. In the placebo arm, 64 women completed the trial, 41 of whom completed an EPDS. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Women received supplements or placebo from recruitment at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks until their final review visit six to eight weeks postpartum. Women who were found to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideation or schizophrenia at recruitment were excluded from the study. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo group) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of neonates to the neonatal intensive care unit. This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (DHA) with placebo. It randomised 126 women at risk of postnatal depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Three women in EPA, four women in DHA and one woman in the EICOSAPEN group were lost from the trial to follow up. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from or not completing the study or EPDS due to depression. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of depression. We found insufficient evidence to conclude that seenium, DHA or EPA prevent depression.
We identified 11 studies: 7 evaluated different infusion durations (803 participants), and 4 evaluated different peak doses (5280 participants). The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumours. A significant difference in the occurrence of clinical heart failure was identified in none of the studies. We identified no significant difference between people treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 and those treated with higher doses. We found that an anthracycline infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of heart failure, and it seems to reduce the risk for subclinical cardiac damage. Since there is only a small amount of data for children, data obtained in adults cannot be extrapolated to children. Only one RCT was available for the other identified peak doses, so we can make no definitive conclusions about cardiotoxicity. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults and in leukaemias and solid tumour.
We included 37 eligible trials with a total of 3110 randomised participants; nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included during the 2017 update. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform a meta-analysis. We used the GRADE approach to judge the quality of the evidence for each outcome and downgraded the quality for mortality and unfavourable outcome to very low. We did not pool the data for the pneumonia outcome to low. Visual inspection of the results for these outcomes showed inconsistencies among studies, with differences in the direction of effect, and we could not pool these data for meta-Analysis. Despite a large number of studies, there remains no high-quality evidence to support the use of low- or very low-therapy in the treatment of TBI in the short term. Further research, which is methodologically robust, is required in this field.
This review identified three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence, based on the non-combined findings from three studies, indicating that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. The current evidence base is too heterogeneous and sparse to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness of the family therapy in the treatment of depression. At this point, use of psychological interventions for depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy. Further high quality trials examining the effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of explicitly defined forms of therapy are required.
Three trials involving a total of 206 participants were included, all patients with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the included trials. Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, caregiver burden were not undertaken. Due to the low methodological quality of included trials, small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of Duxil for the treatment of patients with dementia. High-quality and large-scale randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
The review of trials found that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduced the odds of developing a seroma and reduced the number of post-operative seroma aspirations. These benefits should be balanced against an increased length of hospital stay in the drained population. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which therefore reduces the reliability of the evidence.
Eight studies with 390,769 participants were included in this review. The three studies were of high methodological quality, and two were of medium quality. The results form the studies assessing associations between flavonoids, colorectal cancer and adenomas were contradictory. The evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was conflicting. There was no evidence that total flavonoid intake reduced the risk of colon cancer. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from two studies suggested that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols reduced both the incidence of both colon cancer and the rate of adenoma, but the evidence for high anthocyanin intake did not suggest that it had an effect on the risk. The two case-control studies were also of medium methodological quality. For procyanidin and phytoestrogen, there was moderate quality evidence to support that increasing the intake of these drugs could reduce the risk for colon cancer, but there was not enough evidence to be sure about the effect of this intervention. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence regarding the effects of flavonol intake and the prevention of colon cancers. Therefore, more evidence is needed.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. All trials had high risk of bias. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. This review demonstrates higher a proportion of sustained virological response after extension of treatment from 48 weeks to 72 weeks in patients with HCV genotype 1 infected patients in whom HCV RNA was still detectable but decreased by ≥ 2 log after 12 weeks and became negative after 24 weeks of treatment, and in patients who were treated with peginterferon plus ribavirin. However, the number was not significantly different between groups. More data are needed to recommend or reject the policy of extending the treatment period for slow responders.
We included two studies (34 participants) in this review. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic cancers. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study. The mean probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectable cancer on laparotomy). At the mean pre-test probability of the EUS for people with a positive EUS (EUS indicating unresectability) was 86.9% (95% confidence interval (CI) 60.9 to 96.6%) and the post-test percentage of people who had a negative EUS was 20.0% (CI 5.1% to 53.7%). This means that 13% of people (3.3% to 39%) of people with EUS have potentially resectal cancer and 20% (5% to 5.7%) of those with a negative test have potentially non-resectable cancer. Based on two small studies, there is no evidence to suggest that EUS should be performed routinely in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have cancer on CT scan. No studies have assessed whether EUS is useful in people who have cancer in the abdomen.
We identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that included a total of 1661 participants. The studies were conducted between 1990 and 2012. We found that topical antibiotics, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, may provide some symptomatic relief and may be effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptom relief and were effective in eliminating bacteria in the eyelids of patients with anterior blephritis. The effectiveness of other treatments, including topical steroids, oral antibiotics and warm compresses, were inconclusive. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blephharitis. Medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly. Commercial products are marketed to consumers and prescribed to patients without substantial evidence of effectiveness. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments.
We included one study with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be measured in future trials. Multicentre randomised controlled trials with appropriate sample sizes and long-term follow-up are required to evaluate whether photodynamic treatment is of benefit.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the reference test was not well reported. Twenty-two studies reported accuracy data on number of scans performed (of which four provided data either with or without contrast). Twenty-five studies provided better quality data than the CDUS studies: five (45%) studies fulfilled the criteria for accuracy of the diagnostic test; four (36%) did not report clearly the blinding interpretation of a reference standard; and two studies did not clearly report how long it took between the two tests. In an endoleak surveillance programme CE-CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive to establish the type of endoleaks and the subsequent therapeutic management.
We included seven studies, with 766 women, with low back pain, that compared sterile water with injection, subcutaneous injection, or both. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Two studies reported that more women treated with sterile water would request the same analgesia in future. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain in labour.
Twelve trials with a total of 1932 participants were included in this review. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high. The quality of the evidence for the outcomes is moderate to low. Based on the short-term results, glue may reduce postoperative chronic pain and not simultaneously increase the recurrence rate, compared with sutures for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. Glue may therefore be a sensible alternative to suture in the short term. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and biological glue. Larger trials with longer follow-up and high quality are warranted. The difference between the two types of glue should also be assessed in the future.
The review of trials found that the 'package' of technical editing used by biomedical journals does improve the quality of the papers. Providing instructions to authors was associated with improved reporting of ethics requirements in one study and fewer errors in references in two studies, but no difference was seen in the overall quality of abstracts in one randomised controlled trial. However, there is some evidence that the package of technical edited papers does improve papers.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. There were three deaths, in all cases due to the underlying cancer. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. We identified only a small amount of data in studies that were both randomised and double-blind. The available evidence indicates that codeine is more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and constipation. Only two studies reported our preferred responder outcome of at least 50% reduction in pain and two reported 'participants with no worse than mild pain'. Adverse event reporting was poor: only two of the 15 studies reported the number of participants with any adverse event specified by treatment group and only one reported any serious adverse event. In multiple-dose studies nausea and vomiting were common, with somnolence and dizziness frequent in the 21-day study. Uncertainty remains as to the magnitude and time-course of the analgesic effect and the safety and tolerability in longer-term use.
We included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. There were two primary outcomes related to the effectiveness of educational programs on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related morbidity. The effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. Effects were not statistically significant in assessments of secondary outcomes, possibly due to the paucity of the number of trials and patients and caregivers. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. The heterogeneity of the included trials, which encompasses setting, inclusion and exclusion criteria, interventional method and time of assessment, ranged from 'not important' to 'moderate to substantial' for different review outcomes. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. To better study effects on outcomes, further controlled trials are needed with rigorous attention given to improve recruitment and retention and to decrease bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared add-on brivaracetam with placebo or no treatment for people with drug-resistant epilepsy. We found six studies with a total of 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. None of the studies included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were of short duration. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five trials included people with focal onset seizures only. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias, and four to have unclear risk of biases. The evidence is current to May 2017. We assessed the quality of the included studies as moderate to very low, and the overall quality of evidence was very low. The main limitations of this review were that only one of the eligible studies included adults with generalised epilepsy, and it is important to note that these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with epilepsy. The review also found that, when used in addition to placebo, brivar acetam is effective in reducing seizure frequency and can aid patients in achieving seizure freedom. However, it is associated with a greater proportion of treatment withdrawals due to adverse events compared with placebo. Future research should thus focus on investigating the tolerability and efficacy of briaracetam during longer-term follow-up, and should also assess the efficacy and tolerability of add to placebo in managing other types of seizures and its use in other age groups.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting (high confidence in the evidence). Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents (moderate confidence). Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply (moderate confident) and tailored to their situation (low confidence). parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment (moderate). Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them. Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions. Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in several of the evidence contributing to several review findings. Further research, especially in rural and low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen evidence for the findings where we had low or very low confidence.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared individual psychological therapies for anorexia nervosa in adults or older adolescents. We included 10 trials with a total of 599 participants. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. None of the trials identified any adverse effects. There was a suggestion in one trial that focal psychodynamics therapy might be superior to TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. When comparing individual psychological therapy with each other, no specific treatment was consistently superior to any other specific approach. Owing to the risk of bias and limitations of studies, notably small sample sizes, we can draw no specific conclusions about the effects of specific individual psychological treatments in adults and older adolescents with anorexia nervosa.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 516 participants. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults (age range not specified) to receive perfluropropane gas. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third trial masked outcome assessors. All trials appear to be free of reporting bias. The first trial had a large portion of participants excluded from the final analyses, while the other two trials were at low risk of attrition bias. In participants with RD associated with PVR, outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy and infusion of either silicon oil, perflurane gas, or sulphur hexa-hexa gas appeared comparable for a broad variety of cases. There were no major differences in outcomes between the two agents, and the choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. Heavy silicone oil, which is not available for routine clinical use in the United States, has not demonstrated evidence of superiority over standard oil. In the third study, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, heavy oil was not shown to be superior to standard oil, and adverse events were not reported for the first two trials. For the three trials, only the total number of adverse events was reported, and side effects for each group were not specified. All three trials were funded by the National Eye Institute and the third by the German Research Foundation. The use of either perflura propane gas or silicone oil appears reasonable for most patients with RD and PVR associated with RD. Because there do not seem to be any major differences between the groups of participants, there should be an individualized decision about which agent to use.
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. Two fairly large, well-designed trials with overall low risk of bias contributed the majority of the evidence. Other studies were at low or unclear risk of biased. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal mortality and morbidity), moderate (caesarean section, duration of hospital stay after delivery for mother, and duration of time spent in hospital for mother and baby) or low (combined infant mortality and maternal morbidity). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm. For women suffering from hypertensive disorders of pregnancy after 34 weeks, planned early delivery is associated with less composite maternal morbidities and mortality. There was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on composite infant mortality or severe morbidity. There is no clear difference in the composite outcome of infant mortality, but this is based on limited data (from two trials) assessing all hypertensive disease as one group. Further studies are needed to look at the different types of hypertensive diseases and the optimal timing of delivery for these conditions. An individual patient meta-analysis on the data currently available would provide further information on the outcomes of the different diseases encountered in pregnancy. These studies should also include maternal and infant morbidity and mortality outcomes, caesareans and length of stay in hospital after delivery, length of time in the hospital for the mother and the baby, and the time spent after delivery in hospital.
Six studies (including 142 participants) were eligible for inclusion. Two compared three-times-a-week prophylactic administration with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. Results on the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up were not pooled due to significant heterogeneity. There is strong evidence from randomised controlled trials and observational trials to confirm the observational evidence that the use of clotting factor concentrates prevents bleeding and related complications in patients with existing joint damage. Non-significant increases in both inhibitor and infectious complications were observed when using long-term venous access. Prophylaxis preserves joint function in children compared to on- demand treatment. Well-designed randomised trials and prospective observational controlled studies are needed.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. In total, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions. This review notes a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error.
Two studies involving 447 RhD negative women were included in this review. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this outcome. However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. The number of included studies and the number of participants are not enough to assess whether there are any differences. The choice of IM or IV route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences. This review found insufficient information upon which to guide practice due to the limited number of studies, small sample sizes and methodological limitations.
Eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes were included in this review. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA trial which included patients who had multiple risk factors for coronary artery disease. The risk of bias of the trials was low. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. This trial did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences for all-cause mortality, vascular mortality or myocardial infarction. Five studies investigated clopidogrel compared to placebo or aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or compared clopIDogrel in combination with aspirin to aspirin alone. There were no data available from any of these trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for diabetes, or costs. The available evidence for the use of ADP receptor antagonists for the prevention of CVD in diabetes is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients with and without diabetes separately. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup analyses of diabetes in trials with combined populations are needed to provide a more robust evidence base to guide clinical management.
Ten trials met the inclusion criteria with a total of 191 participants. Most of the trials had a low risk of bias with regard to blinding the participants to the intervention. The six-week trial was the only one judged to have a low-risk of bias for all other domains. Six trials (151 participants) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Three trials (27 participants) compared non-Invasive ventilation with oxygen or room air. One trial (13 participants) did not report on any of the review's primary outcomes (quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing). Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Three of the five trials reported on one of the reviews primary outcome measures, quality of life. No clear differences were found between the two treatments, except for exercise performance, which significantly improved with non- invasive ventilation compared to room air over six weeks. We were unable to find any clear differences between non-intravaginal ventilation and room air for any of our outcomes, but it did improve some lung function parameters. The effect of NIV on exercise was unclear. One study reported that a participant withdrew at the start of the trial due to pain on respiratory muscle testing. A second trial reported that one participant could not tolerate an increase in inspiratory positive airway pressure, one participant developed a pneumothorax when breathing room air and two participants experienced aerophagia which resolved when inspiratory pressure was decreased. A third trial reported no clear differences in the number of people who experienced sputum expectoration, but we could not find any evidence that NIV increased sputus expectoration in people with cystic fibrosis who have difficulty expectorating air. The quality of the included trials was low due to the small numbers of participants and statistical issues with the results between the RevMan and the original trial analyses. Most trials had incomplete outcome data and selective reporting. It is only possible to blind trials of airways clearance and overnight ventilatory support to the outcome assessors. We judged the overall quality of evidence to be low for most of the outcomes measured. The evidence is current to January 2017. Non-in invasive ventilation, used in addition to oxygen, may improve gas exchange during sleep to a greater extent than oxygen therapy alone in moderate to severe people with fibrosis. It may be a useful adjunct to other airway clearing techniques, particularly in people who are unable to expectorate airway airways. Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that airway clearances may be easier with NIV and people with CF may prefer it. There was no clear difference between NIV compared to no NIV for any other outcomes. We found no evidence of an effect on exercise. One single intervention trial had a very small number of participants.
This review included seven studies with 245 people with COPD. We found that nocturnal-NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable COPD had no consistent clinically or statistically significant effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. Meta-analysis of the two new long-term studies did not show significant improvements in blood gases, HRQoL or lung function after 12 months. However, the small sample sizes of these studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NIPPV in COPD in the short term.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. It was not possible to blind women and staff to the intervention, but for other 'Risk of bias' domains these studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias. Induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia has not been shown to alter the risk of brachial plexus injury, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. There were no clear differences between groups for the incidence of injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). Nevertheless, induction of labour resulted in a lower mean birthweight, and fewer birth fractures and shoulder dystocia. Findings from trials included in the review suggest that to prevent one fracture it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 women. The unexpected observation in the induction group of increased perineal damage, and the plausible, but of uncertain significance, observation of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. Although some parents and doctors may feel the evidence already justifies induction, others may justifiably disagree. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses suspected of being macrosomic should be discussed with parents. Further trials of induction shortly before term are needed. Such trials should concentrate on refining the optimum gestation of induction, and improving the accuracy of the diagnosis of fetal growth.
We found 159 randomised clinical trials. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The remaining eight trials randomised 795 participants with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. Participants in the remaining 26 trials had vitamin D insufficiency (less than 20 ng/mL). Vitamin D2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. We did not observe any statistically significant differences in the effect of vitamin D on mortality in subgroup analyses of trials using placebo compared with trials using no intervention in the control group. A subgroup analysis of trials at high risk of bias suggested that vitamin D2 may even increase mortality, but this finding could be due to random errors. Vitamin D3 seemed to decrease mortality in elderly people living independently or in care. Trial sequential analysis supported our finding regarding vitamin D3, with the cumulative Z-score breaking the trial sequential monitoring boundary for benefit, corresponding to 150 people treated over five years to prevent one additional death. The number of deaths was similar in all trials. Because of risks of attrition bias originating from substantial dropout of participants and of outcome reporting bias due to the number of trials not reporting on mortality, as well as a number of other weaknesses in our evidence, further placebo-controlled randomised trials seem warranted.
Twenty-two randomized controlled trials were included in the review, with a total of 296 participants for fluoxitine, 2036 participants for orlistat, and 1047 participants for sibutramine. A sufficient number of studies were available for a quantitative synthesis for all three drugs. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, were available on other drugs and a significant decrease in weight was noted in three studies of mazindol, one of phenmetrazine, and two of phentermine. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits of these drugs remain unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common with fluoxetine; tremor, somnolence and sweating with fluxetine and palpitations and tremor were common side effects with sibutaramine, but there were no serious side effects reported. The safety of the drugs is uncertain. There is a paucity of data on other medications for weight loss or control in persons with type 2 diabetes.
We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants in this review. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extracting aggregate data to synthesise the results as originally planned, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those chosen for this review, so it was not possible to combine the results. Compared with CBZ, VGB monotherapy was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness. Data are currently insufficient to address the risk-benefit balance of VGB versus CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. Given the high prevalence of visual field defects reported in an existing systematic review of observational studies (Maguire 2010), VGB should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy and should not be considered a first-line choice. Moreover, future monotherapy studies of epilepsy should report results according to the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and methodological quality should be improved.
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these trials closed prematurely due to low recruitment and did not report results. In both studies the experimental group received plerixafor and the control group received G-CSF plus placebo. As there was high heterogeneity between studies for the number of transplanted participants, we did not meta-analyse these data. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of plerxafor, were published several times. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Neither trial reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival. There was no evidence for a difference between participants in the experimental and control groups in terms of time to neutrophil and platelet engraftment in transplanted patients. The results of the analysed data suggest that additional plerizafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. However, there was insufficient evidence to determine whether additional plers had an effect on survival or adverse events. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCTs, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Seven of the included trials recruited women with symptoms of incontinence, while the others required women with urodynamic stress incontinent, apart from one where the inclusion criteria were uncertain. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at economic outcomes. This review provides some evidence that weighted vaginal cones are better than no active treatment in women with SUI and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT and electrostimulation. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
This review included 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study). This review demonstrates that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of educational or behavioural interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. Thus, more trials are needed to examine the effect of interventions on anticoagulation control in patients and the mechanisms by which they are successful. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of vaginal prostaglandin E2 compared with placebo or no treatment. Seventy randomised controlled trials (11,487 women) were included in this review. Two of these new trials compare PGE2 with no treatment, four compare different PGE-2 formulations (gels versus tablets, or sustained release pessaries) and one trial compares PGF2a with placebo. The majority of trials were at unclear risk of bias for most domains. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain. Prostaglandins probably increase the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, they increase uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart changes but do not effect or may reduce caesarean section rates. They increase the likelihood of cervical change, with no increase in operative delivery rates. PGE1 tablets, gels and pessary preparations (including sustained release preparations) appear to be as effective as each other, small differences are detected between some outcomes, but these may be due to chance. Any differences between formulations are marginal but may be important. In this update seven new RCTs (778 women) have been added.
The aim of this review was to compare the effects of cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress versus incubator care. Eleven potential studies were identified of which five, involving 247 infants, were included in this review. The five trials included five trials and a total of 231 infants, produced similar results with regard to temperature control and weight gain. As limited data is available, this method is not recommended as practice. This is especially the case in the situation of developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques (low- to very low-quality evidence). Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review. We considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three trials, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglands compared to women who received placebo. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. Currently there is limited, very low-quality evidence relating to the effectiveness and the safety of prostaglanders for the management of retained placenta. More high-quality research is needed to confirm that these clinically important beneficial effects are not just chance findings.
We found six studies involving 355 infants. In preterm infants with respiratory distress, the application of CDP as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced respiratory failure and mortality and an increased rate of pneumothorax. Four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. There was no statistically significant difference in the number of diabetic foot ulcers healed when foam dressings were compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings. Currently there is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcer in people with diabetes than other types of dressing however all trials in this field are very small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as dressing cost and the wound management properties offered by each dressing type e.g. exudate management.
We included two trials with a total of 111 participants. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgical group and 15 in the conservative group. The trial showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher percentage of participants with pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function at two to five years, but not at long-term follow-up (≥ 5 years). No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included 55 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgery group. Both trials showed that surgery was superior to endoscopy for pain relief. No differences in major complications or death were found between the two intervention modalities, but the small trials identified do not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome. Regarding the comparison of surgical intervention versus conservative treatment, this review has shown that surgery is a promising approach in an early stage of chronic pancreatitis. Other trials need to confirm these results because of the methodological limitations and limited number of patients assessed in the present evidence.
Only one randomised controlled trial was identified for inclusion in this review. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. Patients were randomised to early post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) or delayed post-operation bathing. The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection (SSI). The proportions of patients who developed SSIs were 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8% in those in the delayed bathing group. The confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in SSI cannot be ruled out. There is currently no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus delayed postoperative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications. We recommend running further randomised studies to compare the benefits and harms of showering and bathing before surgery.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 eligible participants. The trial did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. The RCT did not report side effects in detail, but one participant died. A double-blind RCT comparing daily standard-dose daily prednisolone with monthly high-dose oral dexamethasone in 40 participants reported none of the prespecified outcomes for this review. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common and moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) less common. Most side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups. The quality of evidence from the only RCT that exists is very low because it came from a single small study. The evidence from large non-randomised studies suggests that corticosteroids are beneficial, but long-term use causes serious side effects. We also know from observational studies that cortics carry the long term risk of serious side-effects. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral cortics compared to no treatment, because the quality of the evidence was very low. Nevertheless, cortics are commonly used in practice, supported by very low-quality evidence.
Six studies including a total of 2100 participants met the inclusion criteria: we pooled four studies including 792 people in the main efficacy analyses, and presented the results of a cluster implementation study (n = 1213) and an oral steroid tapering study separately. The studies generally recruited people with asthma taking regular medications and excluded those with COPD or severe asthma. One study compared the two types of check-up for oral steroids tapering in severe refractory asthma and we assessed it as a separate question. We found no important differences between face-to-face and remote asthma check-ups in terms of exacerbations, asthma control or quality of life. However, 21 participants out of 1000 had exacerbations that required oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 (95% confidence interval (CI) nine to 139). Exacerbations that needed treatment in the Emergency Department (ED), hospital admission or an unscheduled healthcare visit all happened too infrequently for us to detect any important differences in effectiveness. We could not rule out significant harm of remote checkups for these outcomes but we were less confident because these outcomes are more prone to bias from lack of blinding. The larger implementation study that compared two general practice populations demonstrated that offering telephone checkups and proactively phoning participants increased the number of people who received a review. We do not know whether the additional participants who had a telephone checkup subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes. There is insufficient information to rule out differences in efficacy, or to say whether or not remote asthma checks are a safe alternative to being seen face to-face. The included studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results.
We found three studies with a total of 212 participants. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 methodological criteria. None of the studies reported negative effects of the exercise therapy. Overall, based on 'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) there was no clinically important or statistically significant evidence that exercise therapy can improve functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity or pain. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the adverse effects of exercise therapy; no short-term detrimental effects were found in any study. Neither included nor excluded studies showed that exercise does not exacerbate arthritis. The large heterogeneity in outcome measures, as seen in this review, emphasises the need for a standardised assessment or a core set of functional and physical outcome measurements suited for health research to generate evidence about the possible benefits of exercise for patients with JIA. Although the short- term effects look promising, the long-term effect remains unclear.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). Evidence of moderate quality does not show that currently used antibiotics statistically significantly reduced the risk of treatment failure among patients with severe exacerbations, but trial results remain uncertain. We found that antibiotics have some effect on patients and on hospital stay, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure) and absent for other outcomes (mortality, length of hospital stay). Few data are available on the effects of antibiotics on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms, and data show no statistically significant increase in the risk for adverse events with antibiotics compared to placebo. The length of the hospital stay (in days) was similar in antibiotic and placebo groups. These inconsistent effects call for research into clinical signs and biomarkers that can help identify patients who would benefit from antibiotics, while sparing antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit and for whom downsides of antibiotics (side effects, costs, and multi-resistance) should be avoided.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) randomising a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) to whole grain versus lower whole grain or refined grain control groups. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. All included studies reported the effect of whole grain diets on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. We found no studies that reported on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). We assessed the overall quality of the available evidence on cholesterol as low. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors (blood lipids, blood pressure, and cholesterol) such as blood cholesterol and blood sugar levels. Trials were small and had small sample sizes and relatively short-term interventions, and the quality of evidence was low. Overall, there is a need for well-designed, adequately powered trials with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
We included 28 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Eight studies were judged at high risk of selection bias because of lack of allocation concealment and over half the of the studies were at risk of selective reporting bias. Three small studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after conservative orthopaedic management. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. Using a removable type of immobilisation to enable controlled exercise significantly reduced activity limitation in five of the eight studies reporting this outcome, reduced pain (number of participants with pain at the long term follow-up: 10/35 versus 25/34; risk ratio (RR) 0.39, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0 to 0.68; 2 studies) and improved ankle dorsiflexion range of motion. One small study found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short term. There is no evidence of effect for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. There were no studies on stretching, manual therapy and exercise compared to usual care following surgery. The evidence is current to July 2013. Thirty-eight studies with 1896 participants were included in this review. In 10 studies, the use of a removable types of immobilisations combined with exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. In one small study (14 participants) there was a reduction in ankle swelling in the ankle compared with ankle immobilisation, but another study showed using a backslab improved ankle mobility compared with using a bandage. There are no studies comparing stretching and manual therapy with stretching or exercise in the rehabilitation period after surgery. We found little and inconclusive evidence on what type of support or immobilisation was the best. The use of weight-bearing and the removal of the ankle from the ankle to allow controlled exercise was shown to reduce activity limitation and reduced pain in five studies, but the number of participants who experienced pain was similar to the number who had pain when the ankle was put back in the cast. The risk of adverse events was similar in both groups of participants, and the risk of side effects were similar in the control group and control group. More clinical trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are required to strengthen current evidence.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and two non-randomised trials. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. One RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. However, the percentage of participants with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80% (p=.06). The second RCT found that the number of children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen and those on a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase regimen. Two interventions, peer support group therapy and peer support therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, yet demonstrated greater viral load suppression compared to control groups, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART are needed.
Five studies (696 participants) met the inclusion criteria for this review. Participants had pain following third molar extraction, laparoscopy, minor day surgery and episiotomy. Participants were treated with fenoprofen 12.5 mg, 23 mg, 25 mg, 79 mg, 75 mg, 78 mg, 146 mg, and 200 mg. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. No serious adverse events or adverse event withdrawals were reported in these studies. There was no difference in the number of participants experiencing any adverse events between the two groups of participants. The most common adverse events were nausea, vomiting, and diarrhoea. Overall, participants with moderate to severe acute postoperative pain had at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours.
Six trials were included in this review; three of these trials are new to this update. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Two trials included women having surgery for prolapse and compared PFMT as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone (n = 118 women). Four trials compared the addition of PFMT to surgery against a control group (857 women). Two trials used PFMT in addition to surgery compared with surgery alone. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Neither measured prolapse-specific outcomes. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for PFMT for stronger muscles. There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of pelvic floor massages on prolapse symptoms and severity. Further evidence relating to effectiveness and cost-effectiveness, of different intensities, for symptomatic prolapse in the medium and long term is needed. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle change interventions, and trials aimed at prolapse prevention. A large trial is needed to give clear evidence about the usefulness of combining these treatments.
This review of trials found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear aural discharge better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics; non-quinolone antibiotic effects (without steroids) versus no drug or antiseptic treatment are less clear. Studies were also inconclusive regarding any differences between topical and non-aquatic antibiotics, although indirect comparisons suggest a benefit of topical antibiotics cannot be ruled out. Further trials should clarify the risks of ototoxicity and other adverse events, particularly to clarify the risk of otodilator-related otitis media, and to clarify whether topical antibiotics may result in fewer adverse events than other topical treatments. Studies should also assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include further safety assessments.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. The synthesis of old studies of limited quality in this review indicates that FRS correctly identifies 75% to 95% of people with schizophrenia. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will consider to have schizophrenia, could be prematurely discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of the FRS. Again, with a sensitivity of 60%, reliance on FRS will not correctly diagnose around 40% of those who have schizophrenia. However, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available - a situation which applies to the initial screening of most people with suspected schizophrenia. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results.
We included 10 studies in this update of the original review, of which 5 were new to this update; all interventions were adjuncts to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in 9 educational interventions and 44 participants in the 1 psychological study. The largest and most robust study (n = 992 participants) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. Parents of children under seven years had significantly better improvements in the intervention group on all five scales. Parents with children aged 8 to 12 years experienced significant better improvements on three of the five scales on which they were measured, and on one scale on a scale of 1 to 10. The study was conducted in Germany, and included in the review was the largest study of its kind. The quality of the studies ranged from very low to moderate. We found limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational and psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic eczema in children. However, there is some evidence from included paediatric studies using different educational intervention delivery models (multiprofessional education interventions and nurse-led clinics) that these may lead to improvements in disease worsening and in the severity of the condition. There is also a need for comparison of educational interventions with stand-alone psychosocial self-help. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the previous review. A relative lack of rigorously designed trials provides limited evidence that educational interventions as an adjunct to conventional treatment are effective in helping children with atopic dermatitis. Comparative evaluation is needed to examine the impact of these interventions on the severity and quality of their treatment, and cost-effectiveness of the interventions. The educational studies in both in both the original and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework.
Fourteen trials contributed to this review (753 participants). There was no evidence of benefit in clinical outcomes with established radiation injury to neural tissue, and no randomised data reported on the use of HBOT to treat other manifestations of LRTI. These small trials suggest that HBOT is associated with improved outcome. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. These trials did not report adverse events. There was not such evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. There may be justification for HBOT in selected participants and tissues. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy.
We found 10 studies involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two studies on caesarean section, two on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. The use of a surgeon using blunt needles reduced the risk of perforations with a relative risk (RR) of 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 0.54) compared with sharp needles in every six operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion. Because the force needed for the blunt needles is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. We rated the quality of the evidence as high. There is high quality evidence that using a blunt needle significantly reduces exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations.
The review currently includes seven randomised controlled trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between low- and high-potence antipsychotics. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed.
We found nine eligible RCTs including 593 infants in total. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from intragastric tube to oral feeding. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain (1.36 g/kg/day), and provide some evidence that responsiveness to feeding reduces the time taken for infants to transition from enteral tube to Oral feeding (5.53 days). The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. Some (low quality) evidence exists that preterm babies fed in response to feeding and satiation cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included studies. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding affects other important outcomes. Overall, the data do not provide strong evidence thatresponsive feeding affects important outcomes for early infants or their families.
Two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants were included in this review. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further trials are urgently required.
We searched the medical literature and found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with data from 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. However, the study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The study reported on measures of clinical activity (mean percentage of children receiving active preventive advice, health service utilisation, number of visits), patient outcomes (mean number of filled teeth, mean percentage of patients having one or more teeth extracted and the mean number of decayed teeth) and healthcare costs (mean expenditure). Teeth were restored at a later stage in the disease process in the capitation system and the clinicians tended to see their patients less frequently and tended to carry out fewer fillings and extractions, but also tended to give more preventive advice. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes, as assessed using the GRADE approach. Further experimental research in this area is highly recommended given the potential impact of financial incentives on clinical activity, and particular attention should be paid to the impact this has on patient outcomes.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found no convincing evidence that zinc supplementation during pregnancy results in other useful and important benefits. No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differing patterns were evident in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm birth, small-for-gestational age and low birthweight, and low for stillbirth and neonatal death and birthweight. Since the preterm association could well reflect poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in impoverished areas, rather than focusing on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation in isolation, should be an urgent priority.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1656 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. We found no eligible RCTs for outcomes as time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness. Low and very low quality evidence shows that, compared with conventional treatment, the use of probiotics could increase the rate of short-term clinical and mycological cure and decrease the relapse rate at one month but this did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. Probiotics use does not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 participants) in this update of the review. The included trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met our inclusion criteria. Two trials in Germany and Italy which are high-income countries, while four trials in upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey, and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a lower-middle-income country. Treatment of miscarriage with progestogens compared to placebo or no treatment probably reduces the risk of miscarriage; (risk ratio (RR) 064, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.64 to 0.87; 7 trials; 696 women; moderate-quality evidence). We assessed the quality of the evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality ranged from very low to moderate. Downgrading of evidence was based on the high risk of bias in six of the seven included trials and a small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogen treatment is probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in reducing the rate of preterm birth. The evidence on congenital abnormalities is uncertain, because we found only two small trials with very few events and was found to be of very low quality. The quality of evidence for this outcome was very low because the evidence is based on only two very small trials. We are uncertain if treatment of women with the use of progestogenic drugs compared to no treatment has any effect on the rate on the birth of a baby with congenital abnormality. We were able to combine the results of the trials in this review because all the trials were of high quality.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy (n = 83) but only five of these studies were eligible for inclusion in the review. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one study in the UK and one in Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic retinaopathy; one trial recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinitis. Four of the studies evaluated laser treatment with argon laser and one study investigated laser treatment of non-perfusion areas. One study compared laser treatment to no treatment and two studies compared laser therapy to deferred laser treatment. All studies were at risk of bias because the treatment and control were different and no study attempted to produce a sham treatment. None of the included studies reported near visual acuity or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. We judged the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. We did not plan any subgroup analyses, but there was a difference in risk of loss of 15 or more letters of vision at five years with laser treatment, but one study found a 20% reduction in loss of vision after five years. With the small number of included studies we could not do a formal subgroup analysis comparing effect in proliferative and non-rotating retinal disease, so we judged the quality of the evidence as moderate. This is partly related to reporting of trials conducted many years ago, after which has become the mainstay of treatment of proliferative diabetes retinopathies. Future Cochrane Reviews on variations in the laser treatment protocol are planned. Future research should investigate the combination of laser therapy with newer treatments such as anti-vascular endothelial growth factors (anti-VEGFs).
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%). The mean age was 65 years. We judged both trials to be at high risk of bias. We found no differences for mortality (low quality evidence) and hospital length of stay. There was insufficient evidence to be certain that CPAP or NPPV had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. The included trials did not present data on the following outcomes that we intended to assess: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion, oronasal drying, and patient-ventilator asynchrony. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analysis. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). With regard to the primary outcomes of pain relief, women in one small trial were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective compared with women in the other group. In the trial that compared spinal pain relief to spinal block, women receiving spinal pain reduction were significantly more likely than women receiving a spinal block to regard their analgesia as adequate and were less likely to report severe pain during forceps delivery. No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes, serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal mortality or serious morbidity. There is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps deliveries.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. No serious adverse events associated with yoga were reported, but the data on this outcome was limited. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in at least one domain for the remainder. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate for all outcomes.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (249 participants) using different treatment regimens. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Three trials (78 participants) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo, but we were unable to perform meta-analysis because of variations in study analysis and presentation of trial data, with no access to the primary data for re-analysis. A single trial of methotrexate (MTX) (n = 44) provided moderate-quality evidence that MTX did not arrest or slow disease progression, based on reported percentage change in manual muscle strength sum scores at 12 months. A complete analysis of the effects of arimoclomol is pending data publication. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. None of the trials included prespecified criteria for significant adverse events. An open trial of ATG combined with MTX versus MTX provided very low quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy based on the percentage change data given. We were not able to draw conclusions from trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, and AZA plus MTX compared MTX. Trials of interferon beta-1a and MTX provide moderate quality evidence of having no effect on the progression of IBM. We need more trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments included in this review were effective.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3144 participants in this review. We found that people treated with linezolid spent less time in hospital than those treated with vancomycin in terms of length of stay in hospital. The average length of time spent in hospital was three days shorter for those treated in the line zolid group than in those who were treated with the vancomys. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral treatment than with intravenous treatment. Thus, total hospital charges per patient were less with the oral treatment of SSTIs than with the intravenous therapy. The evidence is up to date as of February 2017. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the manufacturer of the drug that makes the drug. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants. The evidence suggests no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations.
Six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants were included in this review. The effect of calcium channel blockers on the risk of death was reported in five of the RCTs. The effects of nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage showed a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be at a relatively high risk. Owing to the low quality of available evidence, we have been unable to determine conclusively whether immediate defibrillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before initial therapy have similar effects on rates of return of spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult.
The review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. The number of oocytes retrieved were significantly less in the conventional GnRHa long protocol compared to stop protocol and GnRH antagonist protocol. Total dose of gonadotrophins used was significantly higher in the GnR Ha long protocol group compared to the stop protocol group.
We found 53 randomised controlled trials with a total of 53 participants. Family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations and would therefore be of interest to people with schizophrenia, clinicians and policy makers. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality of the studies. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings. We did not find data to suggest that family intervention either prevents or promotes suicide. The effects of family intervention also seem to improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family.
We found three randomised controlled trials with 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. Most participants were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. We found no difference in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty. However, evidence suggests an advantage for DEBs for anatomical endpoints such as target lesion revascularization (TLR) and binary endenosis, and for one clinical endpoint - improvement in Rutherford categories post intervention. The certainty of evidence for all these outcomes is very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design. Adequately powered and carefully constructed randomized controlled trials are needed.
We found seven randomised controlled trials involving a total of 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. We found that corticosteroids in the acute phase of KD can be associated with improved coronary artery abnormalities, shorter duration of hospital stay and a decreased duration of clinical symptoms. Evidence was considered high quality for the incidence of serious adverse events, mortality and time for laboratory parameters to normalise. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality, and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity. We are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work. The evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. Subgroup analysis showed some potential groups that may benefit more than others; however, further randomised clinical trials are required before this can be the basis for clinical action.
We included eight studies with 846 participants, of which four studies involved comparisons of PIP with control groups only. Four studies included comparisons with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), and two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. The included studies included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. There were no differences between PIP and control in any of the meta-analyses for the remaining primary outcomes, or secondary outcomes. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation Working Group (GRADE) approach to rate the overall quality of the evidence. For all comparisons, we rated the evidence as low or very low quality for parental depression and secure or disorganised infant attachment. Where we downgraded the evidence, it was because there was risk of bias in the study design or execution of the trial, and the included studies also involved relatively few participants and wide CI values (imprecision), and, in some cases, we detected clinical and statistical heterogeneity (inconsistency). Lower quality evidence resulted in lower confidence in the estimate of effect for those outcomes. Although the findings of the current review suggest that PIP is a promising model in terms of improving infant attachment security in high-risk families, there were no significant differences compared with no treatment or treatment-as-usual for other parent-based or relationship-based outcomes, and there was no evidence that it is more effective than other methods of working with parents and infants. Further rigorous research is needed to establish the impact on potentially important mediating factors such as parental mental health, reflective functioning, and parent-infant interaction.
We found one new included study in this updated version. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). The very low quality of evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation (N = three trials, 209 participants), maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood; N = six trials, 241 participants), UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood; eight trials, 504 participants; 95% CI 1.8 to 4.9, P < 0.0001) and UvPO2, a blood vessel that supplies oxygen to the baby, and higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence. Overall, we found no convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six intervention groups in four trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. We conducted meta-analysis on data from two trials assessing the effect of reminder packaging on blood pressure measurements. We found that reminder packaging reduced blood pressure by 0.89 mm Hg in one study. We also found that the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. Reminder packing may represent a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected conditions. Further research is warranted to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. Trimetazidine may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high quality of evidence. Methylprednisoleone improved the enzyme markers of liver function and trimetazidines, methylprednisolate, and dextrosolone reduced the enzymes of liver injury compared with controls. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice. However, there is a risk of type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of systematic errors.
We included 61 studies in this review. These studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. In total, we found 61 studies; 46 for prevalence, six for both prevalence and risk factors, and nine not meeting the inclusion criteria, but assessing risk factors. The 52 studies evaluated the prevalence of renal dysfunction, which ranged from 2.4% to 32%. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS, found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD)) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased kidney function. The prevalence of hypertension ranged from 0% to 50% in 2464 participants (30/52 studies). Three non- eligible studies showed that a higher body mass index increased the risk of hypertension. This variation may be due to diversity of included malignancies, received treatments, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. The number of adverse renal effects after treatment with cisplatin, carboplatin, or any combination of these, ranged from 4% to 84% depending on the study population, received treatment combination, received outcome measure, follow up duration and methodological quality. With currently available evidence, it was not possible to draw solid conclusions regarding the prevalence and treatment-related risk factors of specific adverse kidney effects. Until more evidence becomes available, CCS should preferably be enrolled into long-term follow up programmes to monitor their renal function and blood pressure. Next to research concerning known treatments, exploring nephrotoxicity after new therapeutic agents is advised for future studies. Apart from the remaining 37 studies included from the original review, the search resulted in the inclusion of 24 new studies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared phytomedicines used in managing sickle cell disease with placebo or no treatment. We included two trials (182 participants) and two phytomers (Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® (Cajanus cajan) in this review. The results of the first trial (involving 179 participants) suggest that Niprisans may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cells. It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia (low-quality evidence). The second trial reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises over a six-month follow-up period, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on anaemia. Currently no conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of the second phytomer. The quality of the evidence was low for both outcomes. Based on the published results for the two trials, we conclude that the use of these two drugs may be effective in reducing painful crises in sicklecell disease. However, further trials are required to assess the safety and efficacy of these drugs.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment with PET-adapted therapy (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) in individuals with early-stage HL and negative PET scans. The study design of the third trial was more complex. Participants were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials only 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET-positive, or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. The studies were reported as randomised controlled trials (RCTs), but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. Two of the three studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET- adapted therapy and two in those receiving standard therapy (very-low-quality evidence). No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. However, this systematic review found moderate quality evidence that PFS was shorter in people with early stage HL and a negative PET scan receiving chemotherapy only (PET- adapteded therapy) than in people receiving additional radiotherapy (standard therapy). It is still uncertain whether PET-based treatment adaptation and the effect of such an approach in those with advanced HL.
We found 31 trials that met the inclusion criteria. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences from levonorgestrel were inconsistent. Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five compared cOCs and three compared injectables. Of five recent trials, two examined newer types of hormonal contraceptives with different estrogen types. Three trials examined the etonogestre vaginal ring and one examined an etonogen implant. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. We cannot make strong statements due to having few studies that compared the same types of contraceptives. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. More than half of the trials had weight restrictions as inclusion criteria, and many had reporting limitations. Current evidence suggests no major differences in carbohydrate metabolism between different hormonal contraceptives in women without diabetes. No new trials were eligible in 2014.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomly assigned people with symptomatic hip OA to either land-based therapeutic exercise programmes or non-therapeutic exercise programmes. Seven of the 10 included RCTs had a low risk of bias. However, the results may be vulnerable to performance and detection bias as none of the studies were able to blind participants to treatment allocation and, while most of the included studies reported blinded outcome assessment, pain, physical function and quality of life were participant self reported. Only five studies exclusively recruited people with hip or knee OA (419 participants). There was no significant difference in pain or physical function between the two groups. Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. Pooling the results of these 10 studies, we found that land based therapeutic exercise programs can reduce pain and improve physical function.
The review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation of the disease. Six trials focussed on comparison of exercise therapy versus no exercise therapy, whereas three trials compared two interventions that both met our definition of the exercise therapy. The results of the present review showed strong evidence in favour of exercise in terms of muscle power function, exercise tolerance functions and mobility-related activities. Moderate evidence was found for improving mood. No evidence was observed for exercise therapy on fatigue and perception of handicap when compared to no exercise. Finally, there was no evidence that specific exercise therapy programmes were more successful in improving activities and participation than other exercise treatments. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials.
Only one trial including 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic) (n = 35) or delayed laparoscopy (mean waiting period of 4.2 months), contributed information to this review. The trial had a high risk of bias. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. The other outcomes were available for 68 participants (28 people in the early group and 40 in the delayed group). Information on serious adverse events was not available for 28 participants (early group) and 35 participants (delayed group). There was no bile duct injury in either group. There were no serious side effects related to the surgery. During the waiting period, complications developed during the surgery, including pancreatitis, pancreatitis and pancreatitis. All of these complications occurred during the delayed period as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours. The proportion of people who developed a serious side effect was 0/28 (0%) in early group, which was significantly lower than in delayed group 9/40 (22.5%) (P = 0.0082). This trial did not report quality of life or return to work. There was a significant difference in the proportion of participants who required conversion to open surgery (6/35 or 17.1%) compared with 6/35 and 6/17% (0/28 or 0%) in the late group. This trial was of low quality, which means that the results may not be reliable. Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it appears that surgery in the first 24 hours of diagnosis of colic is better than surgery after the surgery if the waiting time is shortened further. Further randomised clinical trials are necessary to confirm or refute these findings.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of evidence for our outcomes. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. For people undergoing orthognathic surgery, long term antibiotic prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI compared with short-term antibiotics. There is uncertainty of whether short term antibiotics decrease SSI risk relative to a single pre-operative dose of antibiotics.
We included one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis. Similarly, for the secondary outcomes, there were no statistical differences in birthweight, ventilation requirements, necrotising enterocolitis and requirement for repeat surgery between the two groups. None of our prespecified maternal secondary outcomes were reported in the included study. This review is unable to draw any firm conclusions regarding the benefits or harms of preterm births for babies and their mothers. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week; 122 participants were randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. We found no studies in children. All used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; people with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; and participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). There was no convincing evidence of paracetol being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other side effects, and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. Our GRADE assessment of evidence quality was very low for all outcomes, because studies were at high risk of bias from several sources. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of par acetamol alone or in combination with opioids for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. It is not clear whether any additional analgesic benefit could be detected in the available studies, in view of the doses of opioids used.
The review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there is a need for well-designed randomised trials to determine the best way to investigate the effects of different treatments. The trials were conducted in China and 14 in hospitals. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. The limitations of these studies are plentiful and the risk of bias is high. These trials, however, are invaluable guides for current and future study design. Well conducted randomised studies are possible. Current practice outside of well designed trials should be clearly justified.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 195 participants with MS. Two RCTs investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three studies compared expiratory muscle with no active control or sham training; and one study compared regular breathing exercises with breathing exercises. These studies did not report outcomes for health-related quality of life. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. It was not possible to perform a meta-analysis for adverse events, no serious adverse events were mentioned in any of the included trials. This review provides low-quality evidence that resistive inspiratory exercises with a resistive threshold device is moderately effective postintervention for improving predicted maximal inspiratory pressure in people with mild to moderate MS, whereas expiratories showed no significant effects. The sustainability of the favourable effect is unclear.
This review included one randomised clinical trial (RCT) in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised, with only 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of betamethasone for treating ITP during pregnancy. Current evidence indicates that compared to no medication (no medication or no treatment) there is not enough evidence to suggest that the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia and bleeding in the baby is reduced. This systematic review also identifies the need for well-designed, adequately powered clinical trials for this medical condition. Any future trials should test a variety of important outcomes including maternal, neonatal or both outcome measures, including maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal intracranial bleeding. This Cochrane review does not provide evidence about other medical treatments for ITP. Unless randomised trials provide evidence of a treatment effect and the trade off between potential benefits and harms are established, policy-makers, clinicians, and academics should not recommend the treatment of ITP in pregnant women.
We identified two completed studies with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. In recipients of DALK, one participant had interface neovascularisation (a proliferation of blood vessels where the donor and donor cornea come together) and one had wrinkling of Descemet's membrane, the basement membrane separating the corneal stroma from the endothelium. One participant required graft resuturing and another had an atonic pupil, a condition in which the pupil dilates and is non-reactive. The majority of these cases were successfully treated with steroids. We found no evidence to support a difference in outcomes with regards to graft survival, final UCVA or keratometric outcomes. We also found some evidence that rejection is more likely to occur following DALK than DALK (GRADE rating: moderate). The small number of studies included in the review and methodological issues relating to the two, mean that the overall quality of the evidence in this review is low. Therefore, even after removal of the Razmju 2011 data, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another in terms of graft failure. There is currently insufficient evidence to determine which technique may offer better overall outcomes - final visual acigmatism and time to attain this, final treatment of keratological stabilisation, or the risk of rejection, or other adverse events. The quality of evidence was rated as very low to moderate, with methodological limitations, incomplete data analysis and imprecision of findings, as well as high risk of bias in several areas for both studies.
We included 67 trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women; the number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with endpoint haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Iron supplementation effectively reduces the prevalence of anaemia and iron deficiency, raises iron stores, improves exercise performance and reduces symptomatic fatigue. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects. Although adherence could not be formally meta-analysed due to differences in reporting, there was no evident difference in adherence between women randomised to iron and control. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as individual studies reported conflicting results.
We found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed to be low to moderate quality. There was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment over irinotecan alone. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes such as diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 or 4 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. However, both regimens remain reasonable options in treating patients with advanced or metastatic CRC. Given the low and moderate quality of the evidence, future studies with sufficient numbers of patients in each treatment arms are needed to clarify the effect of combination treatment. The top-up search resulted in an additional ongoing trial, the results of which have not been incorporated in this review.
This review found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution. There was no difference seen in other early or late complications and recovery times were similar although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. The analgesia use and the pulmonary compromise may be reduced but this does not seem to be significant clinically as pulmonary complication rates and recovery time were the same. The likelihood of wound rupture and rupture appears to be reduced with a transversal incision and may look better. The optimal incision for abdominal surgery still remains the preference of the surgeon. The methodological and clinical diversity and the potential for bias also mean that the results should be treated with caution (particularly with regard to analgesic use).
We included nine studies (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. All included studies were judged as having high risk of bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute LBP, individuals receiving MBR had less pain (four studies with 336 participants) and less disability (three studies with 240 participants), as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days (two studies with 210 participants) at 12-month follow-up. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, time away from work, and time spent on sick leave. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low to very low quality, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. The effects of MBR were not reported in any of the studies. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. The available research provides mainly low-quality evidence, thus additional high-quality trials are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice. On average, people with LBP who receive MBR will do better than if they receive usual care, but it is not clear whether MBR does better than people who receive some other type of treatment.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. Outcome definition of quality of life and the measurement tools varied greatly across trials and we were unable to extract any quantitative data for meta-analysis. Based on low quality evidence, there may be no clinically relevant difference in the proportion of men with pain response (pain response is a measure of pain caused by the presence or absence of pain in the body) in men receiving bisphophosphonates compared to those receiving control. We found no differences in the number of men who experienced side effects such as renal impairment and nausea. These benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of renal impairment, nausea and vomiting in men taking bisph phosphonates.
Five randomised controlled trials involving 1093 patients were included in this review. Four trials were conducted in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapsed patients. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Overall, the quality of the five trials is rated to be moderate. There is evidence that HDT + ASCT is advantageous in patients with relapsed FL. However, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether the PFS advantage will translate into an OS advantage in patients treated with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT plus ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). For this study, no data were reported on TRM or side effects. In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT+ASCT compared with chemotherapy and immunotherapy for patients with FL. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect more precisely in the era of rituximab.
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of performance bias within the trials but overall, risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear. Limited evidence suggests that WDD may have some positive short-term antipsychotic global effects compared to placebo or no treatment. However, when WDD was compared with other antipsychotics there was no effect on global or mental state, but WDD is associated with fewer adverse effects. When combined with an antipsychoid, positive effects were found for global and mental state and the combination caused fewer side effects. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of W DD for people with schizophrenia.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different types of arch wire. We found 12 studies with a total of 799 participants. The evidence is current to January 2019. We did not find any studies that compared any particular type of wire with any other. We included 12 studies in this review. Three studies were at high risk of bias, and three were at low risk. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand stainless steel and superelastic NiTi arch wires (low- to very low-quality evidence). There was only one study (24 participants) in this group, but it was not appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of the data. There was no difference in pain at day 1. There were three studies in the same group of studies, but we were not able to combine the results of these studies because of the small number of participants and the small size of the studies. We were unable to determine if there is any difference in alignment between conventional and thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires with regard to either alignment or pain (low quality evidence). We found three new studies (228 participants), bringing the total to 12 RCTs (799 participants). We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for the following outcomes: alignment rate, time to alignment, pain and root resorption. None of the included studies reported the adverse outcome of root resection. We could not determine whether any particular arch wire material is superior to any other in terms of alignment rate or pain, and there was insufficient evidence to decide whether there was any difference between the two types of wire. The quality of evidence was moderate for alignment rate and pain, but there was not enough evidence for us to be able to say whether there were any differences in any of the other outcomes.
We found only one study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research is therefore urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Participants were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or were hospitalised. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. The evidence in this review is current up to 28 September 2016. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD (primary outcomes of this review). The first trial indicated that a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use of soap. The second trial indicated a structured skin care procedure, being a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties, might be less effective than soap. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. Findings from the other trials, all being of very low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) and avoiding soap seems to be better than withholding these products. Soap and water performs poorly in preventing and treating IAD in adults. The performance of leave-ons depends on the combination of ingredients, the overall formulation and the usage (e.g. amount applied). The quality of the evidence was very low or very low. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The type of antiviral, administration route, and treatment duration varied between the trials. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. The majority of studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention. Although two of the 12 outcomes have results that favour treatment over control, the quality of evidence of these results is very low and may not be clinically meaningful. There were improvements in clinical signs and symptoms in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, but these improvements may be of limited clinical significance. Prospective studies indicate that clinical signs may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent after six months of treatment, so this may not have a clinically meaningful result. The effectiveness of the antiviral agents in acute IM is uncertain. We need to consider the potential adverse events and possible associated costs, and antiviral resistance.
This review included four trials involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or insulin glargine. Insulin detemiral treatment was initiated once-daily in the evening with the option of an additional dose in the morning in three studies and initiated twice-daily once in one study. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or mortality. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality-life and showed no significant differences between treatment groups. There was no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between insulin detmir and insulin gl argine for targeting hyperglycaemia. However, to achieve the same glycaemic control insulin detamir was often injected twice-weekly in a higher dose but with less weight gain but with somewhat fewer injection site reactions. Treatment with insulinglargine resulted in a lower daily basal insulin dose and a lower number of injection sites reactions. Overall, risk of bias of the evaluated studies was high.
We found three randomised controlled trials that compared SNS with no stimulation. In the crossover trial by Leroi 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to complications or immediate device failure. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the period of stimulation they had preferred. Four of 27 participants experienced an adverse event resulting in removal of the stimulator. In one trial by Sørensen and colleagues, participants did not experience any FI episodes in either the one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ periods. In another trial by Vaizey, participants reported an average of six, and one, episodes of faecal incontinence per week during the 'off' and 'on' periods respectively in two participants with FI. No adverse events occurred. In a trial by Dinning with 59 participants, SNS did not improve frequency of bowel movements and 73 adverse events were reported, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound infection (12), and urological (17) events. Abdominal pain and bloating occurred 79% of the time during the off' period compared with 33% during the on' period. No side effects occurred. The limited evidence from the included trials suggests that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of patients with continence, but SNS does not improve symptoms in patients with constipation. Rigorous high quality randomised trials are needed to allow the effects of SNS for these conditions to be assessed with more certainty.
Two trials (n = 190), at low risk of bias, were included in the review and both presented data on first time failure at the tooth level. From the two well-designed trials included in this review, it was shown that the failure of molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or a light-cure adhesive was considerably higher than that of molars cemented with glass ionomer cement. One trial indicated that there was less decalcification with molar bands cemented by glass ionomers cement than with bonded molar tube cementing. However, given there are limited data for this outcome, further evidence is required to draw more robust conclusions.
We found 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible according to the inclusion criteria. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall, the quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of index test interpretation bias and two studies presented bias. We found that the diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be considered clinically useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with stomach cancer. However, we must emphasize that the analysis of positive and negative likelihood values revealed that EUS diagnostic performance cannot be considered optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion, especially for the ability of the EUS to distinguish T1a (mucosal) versus T1b cancers and positive versus negative lymph node status. Moreover, EUS performance is lower in diagnosing superficial tumors and lymph nodes status (positive versus negative). Overall, we observed large heterogeneity and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be drawn about the use of this diagnostic tool in routine clinical settings. Therefore, all accuracy measures reported in the present work and summarizing the available evidence should be interpreted cautiously.
We identified six trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay surgery for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age of the participants varied between 40 and 47 years. However, the trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. We inferred from the other outcomes that there was no short-term mortality in the remaining trials. Long-term deaths were not reported in any of the trials. For all outcomes except pain, the accrued information was far less than the diversity-adjusted required information size to exclude random errors. Day surgery does not seem to result in improvement in any patient-oriented outcomes such as return to normal activity or earlier return to work. The randomised clinical trials backing these statements are weakened by risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). The quality of the evidence is weak due to the small number of trials and small numbers of participants. More randomised trials are needed.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. High-concentration topical capsaicin used to treat postherpetic neuralgia, HIV-neuropathy, and painful diabetic neuropathy generated more participants with moderate or substantial levels of pain relief than control treatment using a much lower concentration of capsicin. It reported about 10% more participants who were much or very much improved at 8 and 12 weeks. These results should be interpreted with caution as the quality of the evidence was moderate or very low. The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did obtain high levels of relief, there were usually additional improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. One small study of 46 participants with persistent pain following inguinal herniorrhaphy did not show a difference between capsaicins and placebo for pain reduction (very low quality evidence). We downgraded the evidence for efficacy outcomes by one to three levels due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to publication bias. One study reported the proportion of participants who improved at 12 weeks compared with control treatment (27% of participants treated with capsicins and 10% with 'active' placebo). It reported that there was no difference between the two treatment groups for pain relief at 8 or 12 weeks, but it did not report the number of people who withdrew from the study due to side effects. The evidence is current to May 2017. High concentration topical capsiacin is similar in its effects to other therapies for chronic pain.
We included three randomised controlled trials involving 6343 participants. As the trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke, we did a pooled analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up), after reassessing the results and outcomes from all three trials using the primary electronic data files, and redefined outcome events where necessary, to achieve comparability. On re-analysis, there were no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis (N = 1746, risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 2.01), had no significant effect in people with 30% to 49%. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis, and highly beneficial for those with 70% to 99%. We found no benefit for people with stenosis without near-occlusion (moderate-quality evidence). We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate to high for all outcomes.
We included 10 retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, familial adenomatous polyposis, and other (2/60). The indications for the operation and the baseline characteristics of the participants (age, co-morbidities, disease-severity) varied between studies. All included studies reported results for the primary outcome (parastomal herniation) and one study also reported data on one of the secondary outcomes (stomal prolapse). None of the included studies measured other stoma-related morbidity or mortality. The results were inconclusive for the subgroup analysis in which we compared the effect of ileostomy versus colostomy on parastomal perforation. The study did not measured quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. The available moderate, low, and very low-quality evidence, does not support or refute the superiority of either of the studied stoma formation techniques over the other. The present systematic review of randomized and non-randomized studies found inconsistent results between the two compared interventions regarding their potential to prevent parastomies. In conclusion, there is still a lack of evidence to support the ideal surgical technique of stoma placement.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared supportive therapy with standard care for people with schizophrenia. Four new trials were added after the 2012 search. The review now includes 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for relapse, leaving the study early and quality of life. There were very limited data to compare supportive therapy versus family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our main outcomes of interest. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation, general mental state, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapy but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low quality. Overall, the evidence was very low-quality. There is insufficient data to identify a difference in outcome for supportive therapy compared to standard care, and further research is needed. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies with a total of 949 people with mostly moderate or severe cancer pain. None had a placebo only control; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid or opioid combination, and one both. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or one NSAid with another NSAID. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). There was no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. With NSAID, initially moderate or moderate pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks in four studies (415 participants in total), with a range of estimates between 26% and 51% in individual studies. Two serious adverse events were reported with NSAIDs and 22 deaths, but these were not clearly related to any pain treatment. Withdrawals were common. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results.
The evidence is current to July 2013. We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tinzaparin group, and none were reported in the placebo group. The second study (unclear risk of quality of evidence) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. Based on the results of two studies, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of these drugs in the treatment of severe vaso-occlusive crises. The most important reasons for downgrading the evidence were the small number of participants and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events).
This review found no randomised trials comparing either anticoagulants or antiplatelet drugs with control, thus there is no evidence to support their routine use for the treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissection. There were also no trials that directly compared either drug with other drugs and the reported non-randomised studies did not show any evidence of a significant difference between the two.
We searched the medical literature for clinical trials comparing silver-containing dressings with non-silver dressings. We found 13 trials that compared topical silver (in a variety of formulations - including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) with other types of dressing. One trial showed fewer infections with silver nitrate when compared with a non-Silver dressing, but three trials showed significantly more infection with SSD than with the other dressing. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver dressing. Most comparisons (seven) found no significant differences in infection rates; one trial in a number of wounds exhibited significantly fewer infections compared with SSD/hydrocolloid, but another, in acute wounds, found significantly more infections with SSD. Only one comparison showed a significant reduction in healing time associated with a silver dressing in diabetic foot ulcers, and showed a significantly lower infection rate with silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) than with silver gauze. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether dressing with silver promotes wound healing or prevents wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. We did not find a difference between monotherapy and combination therapy in the number of people who were cured of VAP. We downgraded the quality of evidence for all-cause mortality, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. For our comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. We found that carbapenems as a class may result in better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. For this comparison we found no difference between combination therapy and monotherapy. We determined clinical cure to be of very low-quality evidence. The quality of the evidence for adverse events to be low. Since studies did not identify patients with increased risk for multidrug-resistant bacteria, these data may not be generalisable to all patient groups. However, this is the largest systematic review comparing monotherapy to multiple antibiotic therapies for VAP and contributes further evidence to the safety of using effective monotherapy for the use of antimicrobials. Due to lack of studies, we could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for Vap, but we could find no evidence to recommend any particular antibiotic.
We included 29 studies (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. Relaxing reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. The effects on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to publically financed drug benefits for seniors and low income populations, for example), also require explicit measurement. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects.
We included 19 studies with data available for a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was insufficient high-quality evidence to recommend any specific one-to-one OHA method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Although one small study had contradictory results at 3 months and 6 months, the other study showed very low- quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points (very low, quality evidence). There was low quality evidence that these interventions showed a benefit in reducing the amount of plaque in the mouth at 12 months. None of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gingivitis, plaque or dental caries. Five trials compared some form of self-management with some type of professional OHA. The quality of the evidence was very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results of the included studies. There were no differences in the quality of evidence for any of the outcomes measured in the studies. We were unable to determine the most effective or efficient method of OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) or no treatment; one study of manipulation under anaesthesia and intraarticular steroid injection with or without oral steroids. Study participants were similar across trials, but no trial used the same oral steroid regimen or dosage. Trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. Available data from two placebo-controlled trials and one no-treatment controlled trial provides "Silver" level evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) that oral steroids provide significant short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. A second trial reported no significant differences between oral steroid and placebo in pain or range of freedom of movement but it suggested improvement occurred earlier in the steroid treated group.
Three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 participants were included in the review. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Additionally, none of the trials reported any adverse events associated with the use of the treatment. There is currently insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of r TMS in the treatment of ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised controlled trial on people with ALS. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations and incomplete outcome data, treatment with rT MS cannot be judged as completely safe.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. No differences in disease control were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisolone (one trial each), for azathioprine plus prednisone compared with prednisones alone (one study), for tetracycline plus tributycline compared with tributary (one), for plasma exchange plus plasma exchange compared with plasma exchange, for mycophenolate mofetil plus mycophene or plus azathyprine compared with plus azithioprine, and for clobetasol compared with oral (four trials). Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP in people with extensive and moderate disease, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP. The effectiveness of adding plasma exchange to corticosteroids, and combination treatment with tetratecline and nicotinamide needs further investigation. In another trial, clobetsol showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisoids, with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events (RR 1.09, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.17). Chinese traditional medicine plus steroids was not effective in one trial.
This review included 75 randomised trials involving 7957 participants with irritable bowel syndrome. Seventy-one different herbal medicines were tested in the included trials, in which herbal medicine was compared with placebo or conventional pharmacologic therapy. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. Compared with placebo, a Standard Chinese herbal formula, individualised Chinese herbal medicine, Tibetan herbal medicine Padma Lax, traditional Chinese formula Tongxie Yaofang, and Ayurvedic preparation showed significantly improvement of global symptoms. In nine trials that evaluated herbal medicine combined with a conventional therapy, six tested herbal preparations showed additional benefit from the combination therapy compared with conventional monotherapy. No serious adverse events were reported from the herbal medicines. The methodological quality of three double-blind, placebo-controlled trials was high, but the quality of remaining trials was generally low. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 trials that evaluated pericoital use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis to prevent pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. Most of the studies were decades old and provided limited information. We found no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Most women liked the method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularity. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not studied extensively. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of pericoinal LNG as a primary means of contraception among women with infrequent intercourse. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies. Most studies had serious methodological issues. However, we considered the evidence to be moderate quality because of the large number of participants from diverse populations, the low pregnancy rates, the consistent results across studies.
We included 15 studies reporting data from 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. There was strong evidence of an effect of surgical anchage on this outcome. There is moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is more effective with surgery than conventional anchoring, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. When direct comparisons were made between two types of surgery, there was a lack of evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than another. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate to low for all outcomes, and there was no evidence of a difference in overall duration of treatment between surgical and conventional anchage (-0.15 years to 0.07 years; three studies, 111 analysed patients) with low quality of evidence (one study at high overall risk of bias and two studies at unclear risk of biases). There was low quality evidence for the effect of surgery on the length of time taken for the teeth to grow back to the top of the headgear. None of the included studies reported on harms of surgical or conventional surgery.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies (5547 participants) with two different statin regimens in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to meta-analyse 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Statins clearly reduced the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and MI in people with CVD who did not have CVD at baseline (primary prevention). Statins consistently lower death by 20% in people not requiring dialysis in people who have CKD. Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood. Data for relative effects of intensive cholesterol lowering in early stages of kidney disease were sparse. We concluded that statins have an important role in primary prevention of cardiovascular events and mortality in people without CVD.
Nine trials with a total of 379 participants met our inclusion criteria. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) trials. All of the OI trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five out of the eight identified studies. Only one study involved over 100 participants. At follow-up there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. No adverse events were reported in this trial. The trial investigating oestrogen inhibitors found no evidence that there was a difference between the treatment arm and the control group in pain. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received alendromate. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. The adverse events in the BoNT A trials mostly involved people who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. No side effects were reported. Published, controlled evidence on the pharmacological interventions for pain in CYP with LLCs is limited. The evidence that is currently available evaluated pain largely as a second outcome and the drugs used were all adjuvants and not always commonly used in general paediatric palliative care for pain. Based on current data this systematic review is unable to determine the effects of pharmacological treatments for pain for children with cystic fibrosis. Future trials with larger numbers of children should examine the effect of the drugs commonly used as analgesics; with the rising prevalence of many LLCs this becomes more necessary. The quality of the evidence was mixed.
We found seven randomised controlled trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were considered for analyses of safety and tolerability outcomes. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality. Our meta-analysis is limited by the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and likelihood of bias. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there is no effect of latrepirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of the drug on neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD.
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke respectively. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stent, but it may increase death or dependence in participants who are undergoing intravenous thrombolysis. There was no significant difference between RIC and non-RIC for improving the psychological impairment and the cognitive impairment in people with cerebral small vessel disease. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment. However, there is considerable uncertainty about these conclusions because of the small number of studies and low quality of the evidence. We included three randomised controlled trials (involving 371 participants) in the analysis of the effects on the prevention of stroke prevention. In people with intracranial stents, there was no difference in the incidence of stroke between participants treated with RIC versus those treated with non-ric. The risk of stroke severity (assessed by infarct volume) was significantly lower in people who received RIC compared with those who did not receive RIC, but there was a higher risk of death or dependency in the RIC group compared with the non-IC group. No trial reported any adverse events related to RIC treatment, such as stroke, recurrent stroke, neurological impairment, hemorrhagic stroke, cardiovascular events, and RIC associated adverse events. The quality of evidence was low to very low because of small numbers of participants in the included in the studies and because of uncertainty about the results of the included studies. The evidence is current to May 2018.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. We found that protein supplementation of human milk, fed to preterm babies, increased short-term growth. However, the small sample sizes, low precision, and very low-quality evidence regarding duration of hospital stay, feeding intolerance, and necrotising enterocolitis precluded any conclusions about these outcomes. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on body weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifiers and be designed to determine the effects on duration of the hospital stay and safety, as well as on long-term body weight and body composition.
The review includes 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of PEM to no intervention. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and compared to no treatment, PEMs may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect on patient outcomes, and clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known. The effectiveness of using PEM as part of a multifaceted intervention is uncertain.
This review of 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found that behavioural interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of STI transmission can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. Most were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics. The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills (e.g. communication), occasionally supplemented with provision of resources such as free sexual health services). None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. Future evaluations should include a greater focus on HPV and its link to cervical cancer, with long-term follow-up to assess impact on behaviour change, rates of HPV infection and progression to cancer. Given the predominance of USA studies in this systematic review evaluations conducted in other countries would be particularly useful.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, brief psycho education of any form appears to reduce relapse in the medium term, and promote medication compliance in the short term. A brief psychoeducational approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent exacerbation was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk for bias due to possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. We found that LAMA+LABA has fewer exacerbations, a larger improvement of FEV1, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 units or more of the SGRQ. These data were supported by low or moderate quality evidence generated from mainly participants with moderate-to-severe COPD in heterogeneous trials with an observation period of less than one year. Our findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. Study duration was from 7 to 16 months; all studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). All children were treated with heliox. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen administered for 20 minutes. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. In the third study, 29 children with severe to moderate croup were treated intramuscularly with a single dose of dexametasone and either helox with one to two doses of nebulised saline, or 100% oxygen with one or two dose of adrenaline for three hours. The evidence for all outcomes in this comparison was of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to open-label design. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low or very low because of the small number of children included in the included studies and the small numbers of children in the studies. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. Information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments was not reported. Heliox may not be more effective than 30% humidity-controlled oxygen, but may slightly improve scores postintervention. The effect may be similar in the short term for children treated with dexamets. Adverse events were not reported, and it is unclear if these were monitored in the three included studies. We did not find enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of heliox in the treatment of children with croup. Due to very limited evidence, uncertainty remains about the effects of helox. Adequately powered randomised controlled trials comparing heliox versus standard treatments are needed.
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that randomly assigned people with LBP to receive one of four or more types of index tests. Eight studies were included in the review. Overall, the risk of bias of studies was moderate with high risk of selection and verification bias the predominant flaws. The prevalence of vertebral fracture in accident and emergency settings ranged from 6.5% to 11% and in primary care from 0.7% to 4.5%. There were 29 groups of tests investigated however, only two featured in more than two studies. The results of combined tests appeared more informative than individual red flags with LR+ estimates generally greater in magnitude and precision. When combinations of red flags were used the performance appeared to improve. The available evidence does not support the use of many red flags to specifically screen for vertebral fractures in patients presenting for LBP. From the limited evidence, the findings give rise to a weak recommendation that a combination of a small subset of a red flags may be useful to screen for fracture. It should also be noted that many of the red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with lBP.
This review included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of 210 adult men with urethral stricture disease. One trial compared the outcomes of urethrotomy and urethroplasty in 50 men with traumatic stricture of the posterior urethra following pelvic fracture injury. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. In the first six months after surgery, men were more likely to require further surgery than in the primary ureotherapy group (RR 3.39, 95% CI 1.62 to 7.07). After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men initially treated by urotomy required continued self-dilatation or further surgery for stricture recurrence compared to 6 of 25 men (24%) men treated by primary surgery. There were insufficient data to determine which intervention is best in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs. Well designed, adequately powered multi-centre trials are needed.
The evidence is current to January 2015. We included four trials (two involving preschool children and two school-aged children) and two adult parallel-group trials, lasting 12 to 52 weeks. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the meta-analyses. In children and adults with persistent asthma and in preschool children suspected of persistent asthma, there was low quality evidence that intermittent and daily ICS strategies were similarly effective in the use of rescue oral corticosteroids and the rate of severe adverse health events. The strength of the evidence means that we cannot currently assume equivalence between the two options. Daily ICS was superior to intermittent ICS in several indicators of lung function, airway inflammation, asthma control and reliever use. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily, compared to intermittent, inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harms of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term impact of intermittent therapy on lung growth and lung function decline.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people in CKD stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) of increased fruit and vegetable intake, two of a Mediterranean diet and one of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In absolute terms, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Dietary interventions may increase health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. In very-low quality evidence (low confidence in the results) dietary interventions had uncertain effects on mortality, cardiovascular events, and risk factors for CKD as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research in the setting of CKD and preliminary evidence of beneficial effects on risks factors for clinical outcomes, large-scale pragmatic RCTs to test the effects of dietary interventions on patient outcomes are required.
We found only one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Participants were randomised into three groups (nebulised salbutamol, nebulised saline and mist in a tent). The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. One study was eligible for inclusion and found that steam inhalation (or cool mist therapy) was an effective intervention for young children with bronchediolitis, but mist in the tent did not lead to a significant decrease in RDS score. Since only one small study was analysed it would be misleading to conclude that mist therapy is ineffective in children with asthma. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam or mist therapy in children up to three years old.
We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. Analyses from the studies available, including two large randomised controlled trials, indicate that statins have no benefit on the primary outcome measures of ADAS-Cog or MMSE. There was no significant difference in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living in the statin and placebo groups. We found no studies assessing role of statins in treatment of VaD.
Four studies involving 149 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing night splints and not wearing nightsplints. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo, there was no significant difference in ankle range of motion between groups. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months, but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. There is no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle movement in children and young adults with the condition. Further research is required.
We included 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) that compared upright and ambulant positions versus recumbent positions and bed care (with epidural: all women). We found clear and important evidence that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduces the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean birth, the need for epidural, and does not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial (based on one study, 200 women). There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes, or other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. Based on the current findings, we recommend that women in low-risk labour should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. There was very low quality evidence from this trial that transaxilation of the first rib decreased pain more than supraplasty, but no randomized evidence that either is better than no treatment. There is moderate evidence to suggest that treatment with BTX injections yielded no great improvements over placebo injections of saline. There were no adverse events of the BTX treatment above saline injection. The second trial compared treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. This trial had no significant effect on pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow up. This review was complicated by a lack of generally accepted diagnostic criteria for the diagnosis of the TOS. We found no evidence from RCTs for the use of other currently used treatments. We need more high quality randomized trials that compare the outcome of interventions with no treatment and with each other. We also need more studies that compare different types of treatment to each other for TOS, especially the disputed form.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included in this review. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. In one trial involving 50 people with diabetes, steroid and insulin injections significantly improved symptoms over eight weeks compared with steroid and placebo injections. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and function. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. In two trials, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. Current evidence shows significant short-term benefit from oral steroids, splinting, ultrasound, yoga and carpal bone mobilisation. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. The two RCTs enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion, but did not present subgroup data for the CR VO-ME population. A qualitative assessment of the results from GENEVA indicated that the dexamethasone implant was not associated with improvement in visual acuity after six months of treatment. However, the quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting. Adverse events were observed more often with IVS treatment compared with observation/no treatment. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. As many as 20% to 35% of participants experienced an adverse event in the IVS groups compared with 8% of those in the observation group of the SCORE study. The GENEVA investigators reported 63% in the treatment arm versus 43% of the observation arm experienced an side effect. The quality of the evidence is low because of study limitations and selective reporting of outcomes. There is insufficient evidence to determine the benefits and harms of IVS for CRVO.
Six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients were included in this review. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The third parallel-group trial showed that 77.7% of patients treated with mometasone (100 mcg/day) for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in nasal obstruction and a decrease in the size of the adenoids in children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy, such that the procedure could be avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline (P < 0.05). The fourth trial demonstrated that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mcg per day) was associated with a larger reduction in the number of children with nasal obstruction than isotonic saline solution (P = 0.03). The fifth trial demonstrated a reduction in size in the airway in children treated with fluticasone, and adenectomy was avoided in 75% of the children in this trial. In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in symptoms nor in size after eight weeks treatment with beclomethasone (200 micrograms per day). The long-term efficacy of these drugs remains to be defined.
We included one small study (involving 24 women). The study was a single-centre randomised trial conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received an epidural block instead of the anti-hypertensives, as well as all the other four drugs. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days later); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious morbidity: defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema. The study only reported on a single outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. However, the change in maternal mean arterial pressure and systolic pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not significantly different between the two groups. There is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to show that the effect of epidural translates into improved maternal and fetal outcomes. Thus, there is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion as to whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidural therapy results in better outcomes for the mother and the baby and for how long that could be maintained. Another important question that needs to be answered is how long should extended epidural be used to ensure any potential clinical benefits and what could be the associated side effects and costs. Interactions with other modalities of treatment and women's satisfaction could represent other avenues of research. High-quality randomised trials are needed to evaluate the effectiveness, safety and cost of using epidural agents as therapy for treatment of severe pre-eclamping in non-labouring women. The rationale for the use of the epidural is well-founded.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no intervention. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. All trials but one were at overall high risk of bias. The trials were funded by the industry. Based on the information that we collected from the published trial reports, only one of the trials seems not to be industry-funded, and the remaining 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by industry. The studies lasted for a median of 28 days. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. We are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference in all-cause mortality and serious adverse events during treatment because the certainty of evidence was very low, and low for health-related quality of life. As the CIs were wide, we cannot rule out significant benefits or harms of glucocorts. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled randomised clinical trials, designed according to the SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to CONSORT guidelines.
We included four trials involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Included studies were at a low risk of bias for the majority of domains, with a high/unclear bias identified in the areas of: performance (participants not blinded to allocation), and attrition (incomplete outcome data due to withdrawal) bias. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition that are related to driving. Significant findings were in favour of a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme (based on one study with 73 participants) but these results should be interpreted with caution as they were based on a single study. There was insufficient evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. Moreover, we were unable to find any RCTs that evaluated on-road driving lessons as an intervention. At present, it is unclear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation, and whether the contextual or remedial approaches, or a combination of both, are more efficacious.
We included eight studies with a total of 582 participants in this review, of which five studies conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296) contributed to the meta-analysis. Mean ages of study participants were 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer duration treatment. The studies did not include people with mild or moderate COPD. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days of oral corticosteroids is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter courses (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer (10 to 14 days) courses. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different strategies for transfusion of red blood cell transfusions in people with MDS. We included one trial (13 participants) and identified three ongoing trials. The one included study randomised participants to a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb) transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants] or liberal policy. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in the number of blood transfusions (1 RCT; 13 participants; 1.8 units per patient per month in the liberal group, compared to 0.8 in the restrictive arm, no standard deviation was reported; very low quality evidence). The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding (e.g. serious bleeding). The one RCT included in this review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal strategy for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of bone marrow failures, MDS, rises with an ageing population.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effectiveness of educational games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. The first study was based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The second study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based teaching of stroke prevention and management. The effect on knowledge was not statistically different between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the group of health professionals who were taught to play the game. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games for teaching healthcare professionals. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of education games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review identified eight randomised controlled trials involving 475 people with unipolar affective disorder. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether lithium or antidepressants are effective in preventing relapse in people with this condition. Side effects were reported to include side effects of treatment, side effects due to side effects, troublesome side-effects, mortality due to all causes and specifically suicides. When considering lithium or antidepressant long-term therapy, patients and clinicians should take into account the patient's clinical history, the side effects and the individual's likely adherence to the recommended treatment regime. Large-scale, large-term randomised trials are needed.
Two randomised controlled clinical trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to treatment versus control) were included in this review. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of amifostine therapy and had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. One study did not report on the function of salivary glands measured by technetium-99m scintigraphy at three months after high dose radioactive iodine treatment due to the highly inconsistent findings across studies (I2 statistic 99%). None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs. Randomised controlled trials are needed to guide treatment choice. Results from two randomised clinical trials suggest that the amifofine has no significant radioprotective effects on salivar glands in high-dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Moreover, no health-based quality-of-life and other patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home visits lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly clinic sessions plus once-weekly home visits for 12 weeks. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children postintervention, and in one study most strategies were maintained in the intervention group at 12 months after the intervention. No study reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the parent-mediated intervention group. However, they did find that children could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts after intervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. We found only three small studies of very low quality. The sample sizes of each included study were very small, meaning that they are unlikely to be representative of the target population. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias in relation to blinding of participants (not possible due to the nature of the intervention) and blinding of outcome assessors, and at an unclear risk of concealment for allocation concealment. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, and further research is very likely to have an important impact on the estimate of treatment effect. In light of the serious limitations in methodology, and the small number of studies included, we considered the overall quality of the evidence, as assessed by GRADE, to be very low. This review highlights the need for well-designed studies, including RCTs, to evaluate the effectiveness of parent- mediated interventions. Trials should use valid, reliable and similar measures of language development, and should include the secondary outcomes such as family-being and quality of life. There is currently insufficient evidence to determine the effects of parental-mediated interventions for improving the language and communication of children with down syndrome.
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. Due to a lack of evidence, we cannot evaluate the impact on other outcomes. Included trials did not report on health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and the secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. Further high-quality randomised clinical trials are needed in order to assess the impact of exercise training on patient-relevant outcomes, including mortality and quality oflife. Our findings suggest that exercise training compared with no exercise may improve exercise capacity for adults after heart valves surgery, but there was not enough evidence to determine the effect on mortality or on serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low.
Five randomised controlled trials (1130 participants) were included in this review. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality of the disease, but there was no difference between the two groups. In the palliatives care intervention studies there were no significant differences between the trial arms. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies. We found inconclusive evidence that interventions with spiritual or religious components for adults in the terminal phase of a disease may or may not enhance well being. Moreover, it is unclear in all the studies whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual and religious support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. All five studies identified were undertaken in the same country, and in the multi-disciplined interventions it was unclear if all participants received support from the chaplain. The quality of studies was limited by under-reporting of design features.
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). We found no study examining the effect of tCS for improving activities of daily living. In two of six studies, dropouts , adverse events, or deaths occurring during the intervention phase were reported. Evidence of very low quality indicates no difference in dropouts and adverse events between tDCS and control groups. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS is effective for reducing off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and on time with dyskinesia ( time that symptoms are controlled but the person still experiences involuntary muscle movements ) , and for improving health-related quality of life, disability, and impairment in patients with IPD. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes.
We included 12 studies (N = 461 patients) in this update. For this update, we excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. As a result, we included four studies from the previous review in this review. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these. One small study (n = 36) at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one-year follow-up but not at short term follow up (very low quality evidence). Of two studies that investigated LASB as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from the intervention. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active interventions. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatments (low quality evidence), and one small study found no clinically important difference between ultrasound-guided and non-guided sympathetic blockade and found no statistically important difference in the pain outcomes at one year follow up. This update's results are similar to the previous versions of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthesia sympathetic blockade for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that local anaesthetist sympathetic blockade is effective for reducing pain in CRPS, and there is a need for further research.
We included 14 studies with a total of 2488 people with Bell's palsy. We included four new studies at this update. A combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with incomplete recovery compared to corticosterone alone (low-certainty evidence). Antivirals plus corticoids probably reduced the late sequelae (removal of symptoms) of Bell’s palsy compared with corticotropin-releasing hormone (reaction) alone, but the results were imprecise. For people with severe Bell's palpitations (House-Brackmann score of 5 and 6, or equivalent on other scales), we found no clear effect on incomplete recovery at month six compared to Corticosteroid alone, although there was no clear difference in this outcome with antiviral drugs alone compared to placebo. We found no difference in adverse events from the use of antiviral agents compared with either placebo or cortic steroid, but we could not draw conclusions because the evidence is too uncertain for us to draw conclusions. Adverse event data were available in four studies providing data on 1592 participants. We excluded 10 trials that were at high or unclear risk of bias in several domains from this analysis and limited all analyses to studies at lower risk of biased results. Corticosterone was probably more effective than placebo or no treatment. Antiviral drugs probably reduced long-term sequelae compared with placebo, but there were no clear differences between antiviral and placebo in this result. We did not find any clear differences in side effects between the two treatments. The evidence is current to March 2019. An adequately powered randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing different antiviral medications may be indicated.
Two studies, including 97 women, met our inclusion criteria: one assessed LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) use in relapsed (platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory) EOC in comparison with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) (Du Bois 2002); the other examined LHRh agonist versus a placebo (decapeptyl) (Currie 1994). The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Overall, the quality of evidence for all outcomes (including OS, PFS, QoL and adverse events) is very low. Based on this review of two small RCTs, there is not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of these drugs in the treatment of platinum-resistant EOC.
We found 17 eligible randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). One trial enrolled both preterm and term infants but reported most results separately for the two groups. Inhaled nitric oxide is effective at an initial concentration of 20 ppm for infants with respiratory failure who do not have a diaphragmatic hernia. Six trials enrolled infants with mild or moderate severity of symptoms (oxygenation index (OI) or alveolar-arterial oxygen difference (A-aDO2)) and randomised them to immediate iNO or iNO treatment only after deterioration to more severe criteria (Barefield 1996; Day 1996; Sadiq 1998; Cornfield 1999; Konduri 2004; Gonzalez 2010; Kinsella 2010). Infants who received iNO at less severe criteria did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) did not appear to affect response to iNO. Fewer of the babies who received early iNO early satisfied late treatment criteria, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease mortality nor the need for ECMO (moderate-quality evidence). Incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between tested survivors who were treated with iNO and those who did not. Outcomes of infants with a hernia were not improved; outcomes were slightly, but not significantly, worse when iNO was compared with no treatment. Oxygenation was improved in approximately 50% of infants receiving iNO, but mortality was not affected. The quality of the evidence was high for all outcomes.
This review included seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people). Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. There was moderate evidence that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear whether lumbary supports are more effective for the treatment of low back pain than no or other interventions. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness of lumbarextension. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations in this review. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the catheter that was being assessed having different appearances. In our subgroup analyses, we found that the magnitudes of benefits for impregnated CVCs varied between studies that enrolled different types of participants. The magnitude of the effects was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. However, the magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. A comparatively smaller body of evidence suggests that antimicrobial-impregnated cVCs do not appear to reduce clinically diagnosed sepsis or mortality significantly. We found no significant differences in the rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of antimicrobial cvcs across all settings. Further randomized controlled trials should include important clinical outcomes like the overall rates of infection and mortality.
We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient or macronut nutrient supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or 'service delivery' via systems strengthening. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. The studies had overall high risk of bias. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The primary review outcomes were available from seven studies for LFA/HFA, four for LBW, and nine for length. Zinc supplementation of pregnant women had no effect on LBW or length (versus supplementation without zinc or placebo) (three RCTs) There was no evidence of an effect on length for studies reported in a narrative form with very low- to moderate-certainty evidence. There were inconclusive results on HFA, and a positive influence on length at 18 months, with low-to-moderate certainty evidence. The evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, due to the small number of studies and the small sample size of the included studies. There was not enough evidence from outside of slum contexts to determine whether any of the interventions had an effect in reducing LBW and stunting. However, there was some evidence that nutritional interventions had the potential to decrease stunting in urban slum settings. More evidence is needed of the effects of multi-sectorial interventions, combining nutrition-specific and sensitive methods and programmes, as well as of 'up-stream' practices and policies of governmental, non-governmental organisations, and the business sector on nutrition-related outcomes such as stunting such as LBW. More research is needed to assess the impact of interventions for stunting and LBW in slum environments. Challenges linked to slum programming (high mobility, lack of social services, and high loss of follow-up) should be taken into account when such interventions are proposed.
Twelve randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1023 participants were included in this review. The evidence base does not suggest that foam dressings are more effective in the healing of venous leg ulcers than other wound dressing treatments. No statistically significant between-group differences in the proportion of participants experiencing adverse events were detected when hydrocellular foam dressing was compared with polyurethane foam dressing (one RCT for each comparison). Six RCTs were considered as being at overall high risk of bias, and the remaining six were considered to be at overall unclear risk of biased. The quality of the evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted trials, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly, before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of foam dressing in the management of leg ulcer healing.
We included two studies (n = 381 IBD patients with rheumatological manifestations) in the review. One study compared etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in IBD with active ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. The other study compared celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) versus placebo in patients with quiescent or active colitis. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. The results for disease exacerbation and adverse events were uncertain. No patients in either group died or experienced serious adverse events. A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data. GI AEs led to premature withdrawal from the study in 3% of patients and placebo groups respectively. The studies did not report on serious side effects. The evidence is current to August 2016. The findings from the included studies suggest that celecoxIB and etoricxib do not exacerbate IBD symptoms. However, it should be noted that these drugs need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients with IBD. Further RCTs are needed to determine the tolerability and safety of celecoxint and etricoxib in these patients. There were no studies that assessed the safety or tolerability of the withdrawn COX-2 inhibitors rofecoxib, valdecoxib or lumiracoxib.
We found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two trials included people who were treated with non-infected ulcer dressing; and the remaining 13 studies did not reported infection status. Included studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine. We found evidence that: 1) use of an antimicrobial dressing instead of a non-antimicrobial dressing may increase the number of diabetic foot ulcers healed over a medium-term follow up period (low-certainty evidence); and 2) there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events related to treatment between systemic antibiotics and topical antibiotics based on the available studies (moderate certainty evidence). For each of the other outcomes we examined there were either no reported data or the available data left us uncertain as to whether or not there were any differences between the compared treatments. The evidence on adverse events or other outcomes was uncertain (very low certainty evidence, frequently downgraded due to risk of bias and imprecision). There were four studies with 132 participants in this comparison that contributed variously to the estimates of outcome data. These studies reported no wound-healing data, and the evidence was uncertain for the relative effects on resolution of infection in infected ulcers and surgical resection. We included eight studies with 250 participants, but all of the comparisons were different and no data could be appropriately pooled. Reported outcome data were limited and we are uncertain about the effects of antimicrobial topical agents for each of our review outcomes for this comparison. The only review-relevant outcome reported was number of wounds healed, and these data were uncertain. The overall certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to low. The quality of evidence was limited by the availability of relatively few, mostly small, and often poorly designed trials. We encourage investigators to undertake properly designed randomised controlled trials in this area.
We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We found that zinc supplementation in children is associated with a reduction in the incidence and prevalence of pneumonia. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update.
Ten studies including 33,179 participants were included in this review. Eight studies found no significant effect of vitamin A on the incidence of acute LRTI, or the prevalence of symptoms of symptoms. Three reported no differences and no protective effect. Vitamin A caused an increased incidence of diarrhoea in one study; an increase in cough and fever; and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose. Two studies reported that vitamin A significantly reduced the occurrence of LRTIs in children with poor nutritional status or weight, but increased the incidence in healthy children. Despite its benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses, vitamin A supplementation has only a limited effect in preventing acute LTTIs. Positive effects appear limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of Vitamin A for preventing acute diarrhoeas. Accordingly, Vitamin A should not be given to all children.
Theophylline has a modest effect on FEV1 and FVC and slightly improves arterial blood gas tensions in moderate to severe COPD. These benefits were seen in participants receiving a variety of different concomitant therapies. Concomitant therapy varied from none to any other bronchodilator plus corticosteroid (oral and inhaled). Very few participants withdrew from these studies for any reason. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to be theophyllines tolerant . This may limit the generalisability of these studies.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide oral immunotherapy or sublingual immunotherapy. We found that children who received immunotherapy had an increased amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events while receiving immunotherapy, compared to control; and a complete recovery from egg allergy after completion of immunotherapy compared with control. However, nearly all who received treatment experienced adverse events, mainly allergy-related. All 10 trials reported numbers of serious adverse events (SAEs) and numbers of mild-to-severe adverse events. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of children, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. One in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up immunotherapy because of side effects. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the trials. Eight included studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Furthermore, the quality of evidence was judged as low due to the small number of participants and events, and possible biases in the studies. It appears that immunotherapy for egg allergy is effective, but confidence in the trade-off between benefits and harms is low, because there was a small sample size of studies with few participants, and methodological problems with some trials. Frequent and increasing exposure to egg over one to two years in people who are allergic to egg builds tolerance, with almost everyone becoming more tolerant compared with a minority in the control group and almost half of people being totally tolerant of egg by the end of treatment compared with 1 in 10 people who avoid egg.
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. We found no evidence of a difference in the risk of long-term mortality between participants who received ILR and those who were managed conventionally at follow-up. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to the differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Due to the lack of data on adverse events in one of the studies' arms, a formal meta-analysis was not performed for this outcome. Moderate quality evidence shows that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy increases the rate of aetiologic diagnosis as compared to a standard diagnostic pathway. There seemed to be a trend towards a reduction in syncope relapses after diagnosis in participants implanted with ILR. The mean cost per diagnosis and the average cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implant. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality of lives, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy (155 patients with 159 Hydroceles) and surgery (120 patients with 123 Hydrocele). Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgery group was higher than the aspiration group but because of different measurement tools applied in these studies, we could not pool the results. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. Postoperative complications as well as cost and time to work resumption were less in the intervention group; however, the recurrence rate was higher. This could be due to the agent used or perhaps to the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. There is a great need for further methodologically rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different type of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We found no evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomalacia. It remains inconclusive whether the use of rhDNase worsens recovery. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with tracheal malacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these RCTS should include measurements of the trachea and physiological outcomes in addition to clinical outcomes.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Fifteen included studies compared the studied psychological therapy with usual care or a waiting list. Five studies compared CBT with enhanced or structured care. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Across the 21 studies, the mean number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. The duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. CBT reduced somatic symptoms, with a small effect and substantial differences in effects between CBT studies. This effect was considered small to medium; heterogeneity was moderate and overall quality of the evidence was low. Results for the subgroup of studies comparing CBT versus usual care were similar to those in the whole group. Compared with enhanced care, psychological therapies generally were not more effective for most of the outcomes. When all psychological therapies included in this review were combined they were superior to usual care and waiting list in terms of reduction of symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. The quality of evidence contributing to this review was rated low to moderate. An important issue was that all studies included participants who were willing to receive psychological treatment. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for somatoform disorders or MUPS. It is unclear how large this group is and how this influences the relevance of CBT in clinical practice. The number of studies investigating various treatment modalities (other than CBT) needs to be increased; this is especially relevant for studies concerning physical therapies. Future studies should include participants from a variety of age groups; they should also make efforts to blind outcome assessors and to conduct follow up assessments until at least one year after the end of treatment.
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our inclusive analysis. We did not synthesize evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. There are seven ongoing studies and 12 studies awaiting classification that may change the conclusions of the current review once they are published and incorporated. Evidence synthesis of three RCTs investigating continuous infusion with local anaesthetic for preventing PPP three to 55 months after iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG) was inconclusive (OR 0.20, 95% CI 0.04 to 1.09; 123 participants, low-quality evidence). However, evidence synthesis of two RCTS also favoured the infusion of intravenous local anaesthetics three to six months after breast cancer surgery with an OR of 0.24 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.08 to 0.69; 97 participants, moderate quality evidence). There is moderate evidence that intravenous infusion of local anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. High risk of bias from missing data and lack of blinding across a number of included studies reduced our confidence in the findings. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed. We caution that except for breast surgery, our evidence synthesis is based on only a few small studies. On a cautionary note, we cannot extend our conclusions to other surgical interventions or regional anaesthetic techniques, for example we cannot conclude that paravertebral block reduces the risk for PPP in women with breast cancer. We conclude that there is moderate- quality evidence that there may be a reduction in PPP between three and 18 months of post-surgical anaesthesia after three and 12 months of surgery for breast cancer, but there is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effect of other surgical techniques. There is low quality evidence from two studies that suggest that the use of an IV drip may reduce PPP, but this may be due to the small number of participants and the small size of the studies.
Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 trial participants were included. First-generation antipsychotics were subject to older trials, whereas recent studies focussed on second-generation drugs and mood stabilisers. The findings were suggestive in supporting the use of these drugs, but require replication, since most effect estimates were based on single studies. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. No promising results are available for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. The long-term use of the drugs has not been assessed. The available evidence indicates some beneficial effects with second generation antipsychotic, mood stabiliser, and dietary supplementation by omega-3 fatty acids. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations of the RCT evidence that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings (among others, patients' characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods).
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Of these, two trials were added for this update (one parallel-group trial with 40 participants and one cross-over trial with 67 participants). Two trials had limited clinical value: one combined results for suprapubic and urethral catheters and the other provided data for only four participants. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcome measures. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic), compared to no washout solution, has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts were beneficial or harmful. The high risk of bias of the included studies resulted in the evidence being graded as low or very low quality. Data from seven trials that compared different washout policies were limited, and generally, of poor methodological quality or were poorly reported. Four studies reported on possible harmful effects of washout use, such as blood in the solution, changes in blood pressure and bladder spasms. There were very few small trials that met the review inclusion criteria. None of the trials addressed: number of catheter used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Further rigorous, high quality trials that are adequately powered to detect benefits from washout being performed as opposed to washout are needed.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of this review and 22 to the secondary objectives. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found that severe fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer was more common in survivors of haematological cancer than other types of cancer. The prevalence of severe fatigue ranged from 1.8% to 35.9% (1907 survivors). In contrast, age at diagnosis and education level did not seem to be associated with fatigue. We were unable to calculate any overall risk estimate for any of the reported risks and associated factors, because we could not conduct a meta-analysis. One study provided information about the course of fatigue over time, and found that 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) reported persistent severe fatigue. It is unclear how many childhood cancer survivors suffer from severe fatigue, and the exact prevalence of the condition remains to be determined. The quality of the evidence in this review is therefore weak. This is also the case for severe fatigue following treatment and the strength of the relationship between fatigue and associated and risk factors. Despite these limitations, our review does provide a comprehensive overview of the existing literature about severe fatigue in childhood cancer.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. Treatment based on the use of topical prophylaxis alone reduces respiratory infections but not mortality. A combination of topical and systemic antibiotics reduces the risk of respiratory infections and overall mortality in adult patients receiving intensive care. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
This review examined the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. Two studies offered consultation in addition and two other studies offered guidance for nursing staff in addition. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in the group dwelling unit found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased significantly in the control group. Overall quality of the evidence was low.
Four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in the review (416 women). The trials compared glucocorticoid supplementation during IVF stimulation versus placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310 women). For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. Our findings suggest that if the chance of clinical pregnancy with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. The evidence suggests that if there is no evidence of a difference in the number of women having a live birth with placebo, there may be little or no impact on the live birth rate. If there is evidence that there is a difference between the two groups of women who are given placebo, the chance that there would be a difference of between 23% and 47%. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and low event rates. One of the two studies gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. More research is needed.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels (low-quality evidence, limited by inconsistency across the trials, small number of participants and short duration of therapy). The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels. When compared with no treatment, we found improvement in height for all comparisons (very low- to low quality evidence), but improvements in weight were only reported for standard-dose rhGH versus no treatment. There is some evidence indicating a change in the level of fasting blood glucose, however, it did not cross the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes in the trials of short duration. The significant change in blood glucose levels, although not causing diabetes, emphasizes the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to CF-related diabetes. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in the included trials. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvements in exercise capacity. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for improvement of pulmonary exacerbations with no further significant adverse effects, but this is limited by the short time of trials and the small numbers of participants. There was limited evidence from three trials in improving exercise capacity, but we did not find any evidence of improvements in height, weight or exercise capacity (low quality evidence). Long-term, well-designed randomised controlled trials are required prior to routine clinical use of rhGH in CF.
We included 26 studies with a total of 1,695 participants. We found that removal from exposure and reduction of exposure may improve asthma symptoms and lung function compared with continued exposure. Removal from exposure may also increase the risk of unemployment. Reduction of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agent, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs. In ten studies, authors compared removing from exposure to reducing exposure. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. However, with all three outcomes, there may be improved results in the subset of patients exposed to low molecular weight agents. When we compared removal of exposure directly to reducing of exposure, the former may improve symptoms and lungs function more than the latter. Removal of exposure did not improve lung function, but it may improve airway function compared to continuing exposure. In two studies, people who were removed from their jobs may be more likely to return to work after being removed from the job compared with those who were not removed from work. In one study, the number of people who lost their jobs after removal from work may increase compared with reduction of work exposure, and in the other study the number who were employed may increase. We rated the quality of evidence as very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results. Additional high-quality studies are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of workplace interventions for occupational asthma. Care providers should balance the potential clinical benefits of removing from work exposure or reducing exposure with the potential detrimental effects of employment.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Trial participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. There was insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of PPI discontinuation, although two trials (one on-demand trial and one abrupt discontinuation trial) reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects. On-demand deprescribing may lead to an increase in GI symptoms (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and probably a reduction in pill burden. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of participants in the included trials.
We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants). We found evidence in favour of social skills programmes compared to standard care on all measures of social functioning. Quality of life was also improved in the social skills programme compared with standard care. However, when social skills training was compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. We found no differences between social skills and standard care in terms of relapse rates. Social skills training may improve social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills programs can improve social functioning in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We found one study that compared pegloticase 8 mg with placebo or no treatment. We did not include the results of this study in this review because we did not have enough data to be able to combine the results. This study showed that biweekly infusion reduced tophi in the subset of participants with tophi, but increased withdrawals due to adverse events in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. However, there was a high rate of side effects in the placebo group - who were essentially untreated. As 80% of these side effects were due to flares of gout, probably unrelated to the drug treatment per se, this may explain the high rates of adverse events. We judged the quality of the evidence from this study to be moderate, which means that we can be reasonably confident that the results are likely to be true. The evidence is current to May 2017.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC of which three studies met the inclusion criteria. Based on the available trials, the evidence does not support the administration of oral IgA to prevent NEC. There are no randomized controlled trials of IgA alone.
This review found that platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. This means that chemotherapy reduces the risk of being dead at any stage of the disease by a quarter. Four trials compared platinum based combination chemotherapy directly with radiotherapy. Five RCTs compared no additional treatment with additional chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy and found no difference in survival between the two treatments. It is possible that chemotherapy could be used as an alternative to radiotherapy, and has added value when used with chemotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Our results showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family (moderate confidence). Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet (high confidence). Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality, and some clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages (high confident). Clients' views about who sent the digital health communication could influence their views of the programme (moderate confident). For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables. Our matrix shows that many of the trials assessing these type of programmes did not try to address the problems we identified, although this may have been a reporting issue. Future trial authors also need to actively address these factors and to report their efforts in their trial publications. Our synthesis identified several factors that can influence the successful implementation of targeted communication programmes using mobile devices. These include barriers to the implementation of these programmes, and the quality of the evidence.
Twenty-three trials involving 2467 people were included in this review. The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. The studies included in the review confirm that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity.
This review included nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 participants. Antagonist withdrawal is more intense but less prolonged than withdrawal managed with reducing doses of methadone, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established significantly more quickly with antagonist-induced withdrawal than withdrawal management with clonidine and symptomatic medications. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. Given that the adverse events are potentially life-threatening, the value of antagonist withdrawal under heavy sedation or anaesthesia is not supported. The high cost of anaesthetic-based approaches, both in monetary terms and use of scarce intensive care resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be pursued. Heavy sedation did not confer additional benefits in terms of less severe withdrawal or increased rates of commencement on maintenance treatment.
We included fourteen studies that compared molindone with placebo or other antipsychotic drugs. The duration ranged from very short (10 days) studies of the intramuscular preparation, to trials lasting over three months. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting. There is no evidence to suggest that it may have an atypical profile. Molindone may be an effective anti-psychotic, but its adverse effect profile does not differ significantly from that of typical antipsychotics (apart from the event of weight loss). For measures of global assessment, available data do not justify any conclusions on the comparative efficacy ofmolindone and placebo.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone and tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), and combination therapies (hydrocortisone cream and glycolic acid peels), as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
Twelve randomised controlled trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. Not all studies reported population characteristics, of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. 83% of participants were white and 40% were male. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care, which constitutes a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure and those undergoing surgery for the first time receiving regular-dose 5-FU postoperative injections (RR 0.44, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.29 to 0.68 and 0.21, 0.06 to 068, respectively). This translates to a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome of 4.1 for the high-risk of failure patients, and 5.0 for the low-risk group. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low-dose postoperative five-FU was found to be very low using GRADE. The combined surgery group because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the low to moderate dose group because of the small sample size and the only contributing study. The small but statistically significant reduction was seen in surgical failures and intraocular pressure at one year in the primary trabaculopoietic surgery group and high risk group must be weighed against the increased risk of complications and patient preference. Whilst no evidence was found of an increase in the risk of serious sight-threatening complications, other complications are more common and occur more frequently after 5.FU injections. The evidence is up to date as of January 2016. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. As far as can be determined from the trial reports, the methodological quality of these trials was not high, including a risk of detection bias in many of the studies, and the quality of some of the included studies was low due to the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in the studies. The results of this review must therefore be considered with caution. Postoperative injections of 5.5FU are now rarely used as part of routine packages of postoperative care but are increasingly used on an ad hoc basis.
This review identified 55 studies with 16,154 participants with COPD. We found that inhaled steroids may reduce the rate of exacerbations, reduced rate of decline in quality of life and possibly reduced decline in FEV1 (a measure of lung function) over three years. However, we did not find any effect on fractures or bone mineral density. The long-term studies that measured bone effects generally showed no major effect on fracture rates. The risk of pneumonia was increased in participants treated with inhaled steroid. Patients and clinicians should balance the potential benefits of inhaling steroids in COPD against the potential side effects (oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness, and the possibility of pneumonia).
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%) and a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. When NSAIDs were compared with each other there was little evidence of the superiority of any individual NSAID for either pain relief or safety. This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. However, the available evidence had little power to detect such differences, as most individual comparisons were based on very few small trials. Only two of the included studies utilised COX1-specific inhibitors (etoricoxib and celecoxib). There was no evidence that these drugs were more effective or tolerable for the treatment of dysmenorrhoea than traditional NSAIDs; however data were very scanty. There is insufficient evidence to determine which NSAID is the safest and most effective. NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment, though women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk of adverse effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. In the main analysis, we assessed mortality occurring before hospital discharge only in those studies that used a low tidal volume and a high tidal volume. Available evidence indicates that high levels of high-level PEEP, as compared with low levels, did not reduce the risk of death in the first few days after discharge from hospital. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low and high level of PEP. The data also show no significant difference in the risk for barotrauma, but rather improved participants' oxygenation to the first, third, and seventh days. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity. We saw evidence of risk of bias in three studies, and the remaining studies fulfilled all criteria for adequate trial quality.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from this review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, methodological quality of the studies was good. The current evidence suggests that all HES products increase the risk in AKI and RRT in all patient populations and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of HES.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). Seven studies were judged to be at low risk of incomplete outcome reporting; three studies were rated to be a low risk for selective reporting (protocols were available and/or all outcomes relevant to the this review were reported); and two were judged free of other potential biases. The quality of the evidence is both scant and low quality. There is no current evidence to support any recommendation for its use in patients with CKD. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with the treatment. Currently, there is no evidence concerning the efficacy of the treatment in improving SCr and BUN levels in CKD, and there is not enough evidence to recommend its use.
This review found that the IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. The language of administration did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool. There was also evidence of suboptimal reporting, particularly around disease severity and handling indeterminate results, which are important if considering use in clinical practice.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. No studies addressed interventions in children and those with lower limb Spasticity, or after other focal intramuscular treatments. At best there was 'low quality' evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD rehabilitation in improving active function and impairments after BoNT in adults after stroke, up to six months after stroke. There was low quality evidence for mCIMM improving upper limb motor function and spasticities in chronic stroke survivors with residual voluntary upper limb activity after six months, and 'very low quality of evidence for dynamic elbow Splinting and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. Task practice therapy did not improve upper limb function more than task therapy alone, only at 12 weeks. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. Further research is required to build evidence in this area. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings, and intensity of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults and children after stroke are unclear.
Four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, were included in this review. Randomisation was performed one week after transplantation in one of the trials and after six months of follow-up in another; from transplantation until randomisation, HBIg alone was given to all patients in the two trials. A third trial compared combination treatment with lamivudine and hBIg versus a combination of adefovir dipivoxil after at least 12 months of combination treatment, and a fourth trial compared the combination of lamivUDine and HBIG versus a combined treatment with a combined antiviral drug. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the included trials were adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large trials comparing long-term combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone, including the newer antiviral drugs, are needed.
This review included 15 studies, involving 1019 participants who were followed between three months to 10 years (1060 randomised). All studies had a high risk of bias. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes). Sulphonylurea did not improve control more months after the start of treatment than insulin. Two studies show SU leading to earlier insulin dependence and a meta-analysis of four studies with considerable heterogeneity showed poorer metabolic control if SU is prescribed for patients with LADA compared to insulin. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells. However, there is no significant evidence for or against other lines of treatment of LADA.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. Outcomes at four or more months post-intervention were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained beyond the immediate short term. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of the intervention. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if providing hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions improved function measured using the Harris Hip Score at 12 month follow-up, or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) measured by the Short Form-12 at four week follow up, compared to not providing this. The study did not measure pain, function, HRQOL, re-operation rates or total adverse events. We were uncertain if perceived satisfaction in the rate of recovery differed in people who were not prescribed postoperative equipment or restrictions (135/151 satisfied) compared to those prescribed equipment and restriction (113/152 satisfied) (risk ratio (RR) 0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI: 0.75 to 0.93; 265 participants, one trial; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) = 7). Very low quality evidence is available from single trials, thus we are very uncertain if hip precautions are effective in preventing dislocation and improving outcomes after THA, and there is also insufficient evidence to support or refute the adoption of a postoperative community rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and education compared to conventional rehabilitation strategies based on functional outcomes. One trial (146 participants) looked at whether providing an enhanced postoperative education and rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL compared to a conventional rehabilitation intervention in the community. This study was of very low quality. The evidence presented with a high risk of performance, detection and reporting bias. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of participants in the included in the studies and the small size of the studies. We are uncertain whether providing additional hip precautions improved function at six months follow- up, when assessed using the Objective and Subjective Functional Capability Index (OVCI) when compared with conventional rehabilitation, or whether there was an improvement in functional ability at 12 months follow up compared to no additional equipment or restriction. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of people who had a dislocated hip (1/152) when provided with hip precautions compared to 1/152 without providing equipment or restrictors (0/151) (RR 2.98, 95%, 95% CI 0.12 to 72.59). We are also uncertain if there was any difference in the incidence of a dislocation between the groups when participants were provided with extra hip precautions when compared to people not provided with additional equipment and restrictors. We did not find any differences in pain score, pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL and instrumental ADL. The other two studies were of low quality, which means that we cannot be certain of their results.
This review of three randomised controlled trials found that postoperative LNG-IUD use reduces the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies in this review. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA (14/24). Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. The majority of the studies were carried out in laboratory settings, with adult participants (17/24), and used between-participants designs (19/24) for all studies. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the certainty of this evidence as assessed by GRADE is low or very low. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, intervening across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco products - and over sustained time periods.
We searched the medical literature for studies that evaluated the use of antiretroviral drugs for the prevention of HIV infection in healthcare workers who had been exposed to HIV in the workplace. We found only one study that compared the effect of zidovudine with placebo (a dummy treatment) or a three-drug regimen (a combination of three drugs) for preventing HIV infection. This study did not provide enough evidence to show an effect. However, it is highly unlikely that a definitive placebo-controlled trial will ever be conducted, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a single case-control study, a four-week regimen of PEP should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk of HIV seroconversion. The use of occupational PEP is based on limited direct evidence of effect. Adherence to and complications with PEP  Eight reports from observational comparative studies confirmed findings that adverse events were higher with a three drug regimen, especially one containing indinavir. After controlling for these risk factors, no differences were detected in the rates at which cases and controls were offered post-exposure prophylaxis with zidivudine. There is no direct evidence to support using multi-drug regimens following occupational exposure to HIV. Due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV-infected individuals, a combination of combination of drugs should be used for PEP. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, are required. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that PEP was not 100% effective in preventing HIV serconversion. A randomized controlled clinical trial is neither ethical nor practical. A very large sample size would be required to have enough power to show effect. We recommend that current practice is partly based on results from individual primary animal studies, and we recommend a formal systematic review of all relevant animal studies.
CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. CBT but not behaviour therapy has small positive effects on disability, but not on pain or mood, when compared to active controls. The quality of the trial design has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not. The effects of CBT on mood and mood and on disability associated with chronic pain, with some maintenance at six months, have not been shown, but CBT is effective in improving mood and in improving pain, but only immediately after treatment and when compared as usual or waiting list, with no evidence that this is maintained after six months. The effect of behaviour therapy on mood, mood, pain and disability has not been demonstrated, but there is a small improvement in mood immediately following treatment, except for a small change in mood after treatment, and this was not seen after two years of treatment. There is insufficient data on the quality or content of treatment to investigate their influence on outcome. The evidence is current to April 2013. There was no need for more general RCTs reporting group means: rather, different types of studies and analyses are needed to identify which components of treatment work for which type of patient on which outcome/s, and to try to understand why.
We identified 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met the inclusion criteria. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated intervention activities of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in mean salt intake occurred from pre-intervention to post-inter intervention by other axes of equity included in the PROGRESS framework. We identified no adverse effects of these initiatives. The number of initiatives was too small to permit other subgroup analyses, including stratification by intervention type, economic status of country and duration (or start year) of the initiative. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population and rigorous measurement of dietary sodium intake. However, all studies were scored as having high risk of bias, reflecting the observational nature of the research and the use of an uncontrolled study design. The quality of evidence for the main outcome was low. As required by the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method, we graded the evidence as very low due to the risk of the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different treatments for sleep bruxism. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. One study reported that clonidine reduced rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and increased the second stage of sleep. Clonidine was associated with prolonged morning hypotension in three of 16 participants. The use of preventive medication avoided any adverse effects in people treated with levodopa and bromocriptine. Adverse effects were frequent in people who took amitriptyline (5/10 had drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia compared with 0/10 in the placebo group), as well as people who received propranolol (7/16 had moderate-to-severe pain compared with 2/16 in the control group). There was insufficient evidence on the effectiveness of pharmacotherapy for the treatment of sleep bruXism. This systematic review points to the need for more, well-designed, RCTs with larger sample sizes and adequate methods of allocation, outcome assessment and duration of follow-up. There is a need to standardize the outcomes of the included studies.
We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. This meta-analysis of 10 studies of varying quality examined effects of omega-3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants in adults with ARDS. This intervention may produce little or no difference in all-cause mortality between groups. For secondary outcomes, we are uncertain whether immunonutrition reduces the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) or the duration of ventilator days or oxygenation at day 4 due to the very low quality of evidence. Adverse events associated with immunonutition are also uncertain, as confidence intervals include the potential for increased cardiac, gastrointestinal, and total adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low.
The review of studies found that more severe, bothersome, or otherwise clinically relevant AEs were reported when an initial open enquiry was used, while some were only reported with a subsequent specific enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AE were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between elicitation methods. There was a risk for under-detection of AE in studies using a more general elicitation method compared to those using a comprehensive method. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. While the many potential AE endpoints in a trial may preclude the development of general AE patient-reported outcome measurement instruments, much could also be learnt from how these employ both quantitative and qualitative methods to better understand data elicited.
We searched medical databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) of interventions to prevent SUDEP in people with epilepsy. The evidence is current to February 2019. We found 15 studies that met the inclusion criteria for this review. We included one case-control study at serious risk of bias within a qualitative analysis in this review, and we found very low-quality evidence of a preventative effect for nocturnal supervision against SUDEP. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, for example seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists.
We included seven studies in this review. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. The studies recruited a range of participants and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak expiratory flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. Only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing active cycle of breathing techniques, but not with autogenic ventilation. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the quality of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except for one study which reported that the autogenic technique was preferred over postural drainage and percussion. The varied length and design of the included studies made the analysis of pooled data challenging. Larger studies are required to better evaluate the effectiveness and safety of this technique. Exercise is commonly used as an alternative therapy by people with cystic fibrosis; however, there were no studies identified comparing exercise with autographic drainage. The review's primary outcome was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies. From the studies assessed, the studies were not found to be superior to any other form of airway clearing technique. As such, this intervention merits systematic review to ensure its effectiveness for people with fibrosis.
Twenty five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review, of which 22 studies (1060 participants) contributed data to meta-analyses. Psychological therapy based on CBT principles is effective in reducing anxiety symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating anxiety.
The evidence is current to February 2019. Ten trials (1684 women) contributed data to the analyses. Eight of the included trials compared treatment with placebo and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-center trials, conducted in India, Jordan, the UK and USA. In five trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in seven trials women suffered two or more miscarriages. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. The evidence suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages compared to placebo/controls. There may be little or no difference in the rate of low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to a special care unit. No clear differences were seen for the other secondary outcomes including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth. None of the trials reported on any secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to an intensive care unit, or subsequent fertility. We are uncertain about the effect of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. The included studies were of low to moderate quality. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psychological interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However, few studies evaluated obstetrical or neonatal outcomes and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect of these interventions on these clinically important outcomes. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate the effectiveness of these types of interventions in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short-term NACE, cardiac death, all-cause mortality, bleeding, and access site complications. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes (i.e. beyond 30 days of follow-up).
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings that made it impossible to combine data for any outcome. One individually randomised RCT (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a team of people with dementia hospitalised for an acute illness. We found no evidence that the intervention affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. One cluster study (256 participants, each enrolled with a family carer) evaluated a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options on surrogate decision-makers of nursing home residents with dementia. While this trial reported that a palliatives care plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group (risk ratio (RR) 5.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.37 to 25.02), the plan was only adopted for two participants, both in the treatment group, while in hospital. Data for 90 participants (35% of the original study) met the definition of advanced dementia for this review and were re-analysed for the purposes of the review. There are six ongoing studies that we expect to include in future versions of this review. Very little high quality work has been completed exploring palliate care interventions in advanced dementia, which is welcome and needed. There were only two included studies in this review, with variation in the interventions, in the settings and in the ways in which the interventions were conducted, making it difficult to combine the results of the two studies. Thus, we conclude that there is insufficient evidence to assess the effect on death or the quality of care for advanced dementia in this setting. There is an increased interest in this area by researchers.
This review included three randomised controlled trials involving 1166 randomised women with breast cancer. There were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse-free survivors and metastasis-free outcomes based on 1166 women in three trials. On the basis of one trial (244 women), RT before CT was associated with an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis compared with CT before RT, but other measures of toxicity did not differ between the two types of sequencing. The data included in this review, from three well-conducted randomised trials, suggest that different methods of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three of the studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo (a dummy treatment), and the other three studies compared CRP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. No firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing CrP with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg CRP. We found no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of CRP supplements in overweight or obese adults.
Eleven studies with a total of 886 participants were included in the review. In general studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. These factors reduced the quality of the evidence. Two comparisons compared different iodine preparations with no antiseptic treatment and found no clear evidence of effects for these treatments. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was some evidence of a difference in measures used to assess wound infection (wound with foul smell and number of participants prescribed antibiotics) which favoured the zinc oxide group. The outcome data available were limited and what evidence there was was of low quality. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate. Evidence was taken from one small study that only had 43 participants. This study reported that sucralfate cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream (RR: 1.50, 95% CI 1.13 to 1.99). There was moderate quality evidence that more open wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed when treated with a honey-soaked gauze compared with an EUSOL (EUSOL is a type of gauze) over three weeks' follow-up. There were also some evidence that there was a reduction in the mean length of hospital stay in the honey group. There is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any of the preparations evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small numbers of participants and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence. The evidence is current to May 2018.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). Three interventions were evaluated - intramuscular progesterone, hexoprenaline and selecting high or low puncture sites for late 'blind' procedure - each intervention in a single small study. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-RCTs (1181 participants, 8037 live births); and two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa, and Bangladesh), one study was conducted in a lower middle-income country (Bangladesh), and three studies in Canada. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. Three studies included maize flour fortified (i.e. alone or in combination with other nutrients) with other vitamins and minerals. The studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk for attrition and contamination. None of the studies reported on the occurrence of adverse effects. Fortification of wheat flour may reduce the risk of neural tube defects; however, this outcome was only reported in one non-randomised controlled trial. Evidence is limited for the effects on haemoglobin levels or anaemia. The effects on other primary outcomes assessed in this review are not known. The quality of this review was low due to the small number of studies and participants, limitations in study design, and lack of certainty of evidence due to how included studies were designed and reported.
Two randomised controlled trials involving a total of 1,124,483 newborns (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion in this review. The two trials were funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR), respectively. Screening provides potential for better pulmonary outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF.
We found five randomized trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. The total number of participants included in the DBP target analysis was 2580. Four trials (ABCD-H, ABCD-N, HOT, and a subgroup of HOT) specifically compared clinical outcomes associated with 'lower' versus 'standard' targets for diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in people with diabetes. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse events were not reported in any of the trials. There was a high risk of selection bias for every outcome analyzed in favor of the lower target in the trials included for the analysis of DBP targets. At the present time, evidence from randomized trials does not support blood pressure targets lower than the standard targets in people who have high blood pressure and diabetes. More randomized controlled trials are needed, with future trials reporting total mortality, total serious side effects as well as cardiovascular and renal events.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials (709 participants) met the inclusion criteria for the review. One study compared two different types of non-removable casts with no discernable difference between the groups. Two studies (98 participants) found that significantly more ulcers healed when combined with Achilles tendon lengthening resulted in less foot ulcer damage than with dressings alone. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention. Non-remachable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in healing diabetes-related plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings, alone. When combined with the use of a limb lengthening device, it was more successful in one forefoot ulcer study than when used alone.
We searched the medical literature and found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) describing six interventions (comprising a total of 235 participants). Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. We found that physical activity and meditation interventions may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following systemic cancer treatment. Evidence for physical activity or meditation interventions on cognitive outcomes is unclear. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low for physical and mental health outcomes and this evidence was rated to be low quality and, therefore findings should be interpreted with caution. Larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active attentional control group, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) are required in order to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this intervention approach. There is also a need to conduct research into cognitive impairment among cancer patient groups other than women with breast cancer.
We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on very small numbers of participants and the evidence is very low quality. Currently, should clinicians and people with schizophrenia need to choose between chlorpromazines and pipers, they should be aware there is no good quality evidence to base decisions. More high quality research is needed.
Five randomised trials were identified with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stents and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. The mean time of hospital stay was 11.53 days and was 17.15 days respectively in the colic stents group and 11 days in emergency surgery groups. The median procedure/operating time was 113.93 minutes compared to 143.85 minutes in the intervention group. There was no statistically significant difference in the mortality and morbidity between the two groups. However, use of stents seems to be as safe as emergency surgery in the treatment of obstruction of the colon. The risk of perforation of the stent was similar in both groups and the risk of blood loss was 50 ml in the group with stents compared to 350 ml in those without stents. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the variability in the sample size and trial designs in the included studies. Further trials are needed.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin (seven trials) or HES (two trials), or mannitol (one trial) versus placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to12%) with the use of intravenous albumin. This means that if if the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it will probably be about 32% (27% to 38%) without treatment. However, there was no evidence that HES, or manmitol had any influence on pregnancy rates. There were no data on live birth rates in any of the studies. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. Evidence suggests that the plasma expanders assessed in this review (human albumin, HES and mennitol) reduce rates of moderate OHSS in women at high risk for OHSS, but the evidence of effectiveness was based on very few trials which need to be confirmed in additional, larger trials (RCTs) before they should be considered for routine use in clinical practice. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment.
Ten studies involving 484 patients were included in this review. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any one agent, but patients were less satisfied with placebo. Evidence from one study suggested that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was slightly more painful than placebo. However, there was some evidence suggesting that STS was more painful to patients than heparsal (20% saline mixed with heparin 100 units/mL) or placebo, and there was no difference in pain between STS and other sclerosing agents used in the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs, but the agents studied showed superiority to a normal saline placebo. There were no differences between the different agents studied in terms of side effects. The quality of the evidence was poor. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction. The amount of available evidence in this field is small and the overall methodological quality of research was poor, as was the quality of reporting.
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. Meta-analysis of these seven included studies was not possible due to heterogeneity of the treatments and because many of the studies did not provide sufficient statistical information with their results. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however, there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. Salbutamol administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. Insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline were not studied in any placebo-controlled studies. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as IV sodium bicarbate or aminophosphate. The effectiveness of potassium binding resin and IV calcium salts has not been tested in RCTs and requires further study before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of acute treatment of high blood potassium levels is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes. Of the studied agents, salbutamil via any route and IV insulin- dextrose appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. The evidence for the effects of other medications is limited.
We found 29 studies, enrolling 4216 participants, but only 30 studies, involving 3392 participants, contained enough data to be meta-analysed. Studies compared antimicrobial lock solutions to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. Antibiotic lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antiotic) decreased the incidence of CRI compared to control lock solutions, whereas the effect on thrombosis incidence is uncertain for all types of lock solutions. The quality of the studies was low or unclear for most domains in the majority of the included studies. Our confidence in the evidence is low and very low; therefore, better-designed studies are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimicrobial locking solutions.
We identified 15 eligible studies (1098 participants). Of these, six investigated pre-emptive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at pre- preventive treatment versus antiviral prophylaxis, and one reported on oral versus intravenous pre-preventive treatment. Pre-preemptive therapy is effective compared with placebo or standard care. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. Despite the inclusion of five additional studies in this update, the efficacy of pre-presetive therapy compared with pro-prevention to prevent CMV disease remains unclear due to significant heterogeneity between studies. Assessment of risk of bias identified that the processes reported for sequence generation and allocation concealment in only five and three studies, respectively. All studies were considered to be at low risk of attrition bias, and seven studies reported on selective reporting. Additional head-to-head studies are required to determine the relative benefits and harms of the pre-predictive treatment and pro-prophylactic treatment for CMV in solid organ transplant recipients.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 140 participants. All RCTs compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is insufficient evidence about the use of sweet potatoes in the management of diabetes. Further observational trials and randomized controlled trials are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations - including other varieties ofsweet potato - need to be addressed.
We searched for studies that compared the use of the active cycle of breathing technique with any other airway clearance therapy for people with cystic fibrosis. We found 19 studies, of which 19 (440 participants) met the inclusion criteria. Five randomised controlled studies (192 participants) were included in the meta-analysis; three were of cross-over design. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. However, most of the included studies reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. There were two long-term studies with follow up of one to three years. There was no significant difference in quality of life, sputum weight, exercise tolerance, lung function, oxygen saturation, or number of pulmonary exacerbations. No significant difference was seen in lung function and the number of lung exacerbations between the active cycles of breathing techniques alone or in conjunction with conventional chest physiotherapy. Five studies, with data from eight different comparators, found that participants preferred autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, and positive expiratory pressure compared with other therapies. Preference of technique varied: more participants preferred the activity of the breathing technique over the activity breathing technique; more preferred the action breathing technique compared with high-frequency chest compression; and more were comfortable with the activity. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use or rejection of any other therapy. Longer-term randomised studies are needed to more adequately assess the effects of the intervention.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation and the standard insemination protocol for infertile women undergoing IVF. There were 127 ongoing pregnancies in two trials including 426 women. For the miscarriage rate, there were six miscarriages in one trial including 167 women. Live birth was not reported in the included studies. This review has provided evidence to support the use of brief incubation of sperm and oocytes in IVF to improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates. More RCTs are required to assess whether brief incubators contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate compared to the standard overnight insemination protocol.
This review found that infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Most of the participants had single pathology (HMD) and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons such as meconium aspiration and congenital heart disease (lungs with normal compliance). However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are clinically important. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care, because the studies included in this review were conducted prior to the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of ventilatory support.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. Most of the studies were of low methodological quality. There is a large variety in the ways in which TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFU, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. The low quality of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution.
This review included 34 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. Included trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. There were few evaluations of ways to improve participants returning to trial sites for trial follow-up. There was no good evidence that the addition of a non-monetary incentive, an offer of a 'enhanced' letter, letters delivered by priority post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order either increased or decreased trial questionnaire response/retention. No evidence that a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. As our analyses are based on single trials, the effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to the trial sites and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further evaluation. The findings of this review would depend on the trial setting, population, disease area, data collection and follow up procedures.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. Seven included studies provided data related only to the primary outcome, and eight studies provided information related to more than one secondary outcome. Data show no important differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. The Classic laryngeal mask airway may be quicker to insert, but this is unlikely to be clinically meaningful. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision. Low-quality evidence suggests that the ProSeal airway makes a better seal and therefore may be more suitable than the Classic airway for positive pressure ventilation.
We included 19 studies with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. Participants were aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. All 19 studies had follow-up ranging from one to five months. We found that children treated with fibre-based interventions were not more likely to experience an improvement in pain at zero to three months postintervention than children given placebo (2 studies; 136 children). We judged the evidence for these two outcomes to be of moderate quality due to small numbers of participants in the studies. Children treated with probiotics were more likely than those given placebo to improve their pain at three to six months after the intervention compared to those receiving placebo. The estimated number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive probiotics for one to improve in pain in this timescale. We were unable to perform any meta-analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these outcomes or used comparable measures to assess them. The studies fell into four categories: trials of probiotics (13 studies), trials of fibre- based interventions (four studies), and trials of low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharide, disaccharides, monosalicylic acid, polyols, and polyols) diets (one study). However, we found only one study of low-FODMAP diets and only one trial of fructose-restricted diets, meaning no pooled analyses were possible. The evidence was of low quality for these outcomes due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and significant heterogeneity. With the exception of one study, all studies reported monitoring monitoring no major adverse events, suggesting that improving pain in pain was not more effective than improving pain with placebo. Children with a symptom profile defined as irritation of the bowel (i.e. diarrhoea, constipation, abdominal pain, abdominal discomfort, and constipation) treated with a probiotic were more than twice as likely to see improvement in their pain when they received probiotics than those who received placebo (7 studies; 722 children). The evidence for this outcome was rated as moderate quality by GRADE due to the small number of studies and differences in the way the studies were conducted. Overall we found evidence suggesting that interventions to improve pain in children with RAP are effective. Clinicians may therefore consider interventions such as probiotics as part of a long-term treatment for RAP. However, further research is needed to determine the optimal dosage and duration of these interventions. Further research should also explore the effects of other types of fibre diets and other strains of fibre.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. Seventeen studies had student populations. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. Mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from the level associated with schizophrenia to that associated with major depression. The findings are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects and very low for costs. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. Our review found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. More research is required to establish the effects of mass media interventions on discrimination.
We included 85 studies in our review. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored healthcare providers and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. We found 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context (11 findings, five moderate- or high-confidence); service design and provision (24 findings, 15 moderate- to high-quality); and what matters to women and staff (17 findings, 11 moderate- and high- confidence). The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas; personalised supportive care, and information and safety. For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women’s need for privacy, and that allow staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience of ANC when they access it for the first time. For healthcare providers, the capacity of healthcare providers to deliver the kind of high quality, relationship-based, locally accessible ANC that is likely to facilitate access by women depends on the availability of sufficient resources and staffing as well as the time to provide flexible personalised appointments that do not overload staff with organisational tasks. Healthcare providers also require sufficient training and education to do their job well, and an adequate salary, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to supplement their income, or to fund essential supplies. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value kind and caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, who respect women's belief that pregnancy is usually a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise, and on local social norms relating to the advantages or otherwise of antenatal care for healthy pregnancies, and for those with complications. This review has identified key barriers and facilitators to the uptake of ANC services by pregnant women, and in the provision (or not) of good quality ANC by healthcare provider. It complements existing effectiveness reviews of models of ANC provision and adds essential insights into why a particular type of ANC provided in specific local contexts may or may not be acceptable, accessible, or valued by some pregnant women and their families/communities. Those providing and funding services should consider the three domains identified by the review as a basis for service development and improvement. Such developments should include pregnant and postnatal services, community members and other relevant stakeholders. Whether or not pregnant women use ANC, whether they continue using ANC, and whether healthcare providers continue to provide ANC, all depend on their perceptions of the value of ANC and on their reaction to being pregnant, and their beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or a risky state.
Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review; three of the studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn. Calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after aneurysmal SAH. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral nimadipine; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice on the basis of the present evidence. The evidence is not beyond all doubt, but given the potential benefits and modest risks of this treatment, oral treatment is currently indicated.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 739 children with high-risk neuroblastoma. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups, but the results were not univocal in all studies. Based on the currently available evidence, myeloablative therapy seems to work in terms of event-free survival. For overall survival there is currently no evidence of effect when additional follow-up data are included. Survival rates may be overestimated due to the inclusion of patients with intermediate-risk disease. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference between the treatment groups was identified. No information on quality of life was reported. No definitive conclusions can be made regarding adverse effects and quality oflife, although possible higher levels of adverse effects should be kept in mind. A definitive conclusion regarding the effect of myeloablation in different sub groups is not possible. This systematic review only allows a conclusion on the concept of myelobulina therapy, but no conclusions on the best treatment strategy. Future trials should focus on identifying the most optimal induction and/or treatment regimen. It should be noted that recently the age cut-offs for high risk disease was changed from one year to 18 months. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate risk disease have been included in the high- risk groups. Consequently, the relevance of the results of these studies to the current practice can be questioned.
We identified eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that fulfilled our inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The median follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the evidence as low to very low certainty. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE followed by 3-DCRT may be associated with lower all-cause mortality and increased tumour response, despite the increased toxicity expressed by a higher rise of total bilirubin. None of the trials reported serious adverse events. Data, from one trial on health-related quality of life, favoured the TACE group, but the provided data were ill-defined (very low-certainty evidence). We are also very much uncertain in the results of the reported non-significant side effects. Data on serious side effects were not reported. Our review findings should be considered with caution because of the methodological weaknesses in the included trials, resulting in low-to-very low certainty of the evidence. High-quality trials are needed to assess further the role of TACE in the treatment of unresectable liver cancer.
No randomised controlled trials are available that compared increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. The benefits and harms of various ways of increasing energy intake, including higher energy density of milk feed and/or fluid volume (clinically realistic target volume should be set), parenteral nutrition, and the use of various constituents of energy like carbohydrate, protein and fat for this purpose also need to be assessed. Research should be directed at evaluating the effects of various levels of energy intake on this group of infants on clinically important outcomes like mortality, respiratory status, growth and neurodevelopment.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low or low for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for two outcomes (subclavian vein and femoral vein). Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications (together, US, USD), number of attempts until success (US) or first-time success rates or time taken to insert the catheter (US). However, success on the first attempt was more likely with two-dimensional ultrasound than with anatomical landmark techniques. Data on insertion by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmarks are uncertain. On the basis of available data, we conclude that two- dimensional ultrasound offers small gains in safety and quality when compared with anatomical landmarks.
This review included 15 studies that compared physostigmine with placebo. Fifteen studies were included in this review. Four studies, 29 people, used intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people used controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 people used verum skin patch. The results from two of the four studies of the controlled release form apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. The few results from the trials of the oral form showed no benefit of physostIGmine compared with placebo at 6 weeks. There were statistically significantly higher numbers of patients from the control group withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events (22/183 vs 2/183) and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating at 12 weeks. The double dose (delivering mean dose 12 mg/day) was associated with statistically significantly more numbers suffering vomiting, nausea, or abdominal cramps at 24 weeks, and the lower dose (5.7mg/day), delivering mean dose 5.7 mg/daily) was also associated with higher numbers suffering gastrointestinal complaints. The evidence of effectiveness of physiotherapy for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's disease is limited. Even in a controlled release formulation designed to overcome the short half-life, physiotherapy showed no convincing benefit and adverse effects remained common leading to a high rate of withdrawal.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with history of stroke, and one trial recruited people who were mixed with a mix of people with CVD. Moderate evidence showed that the fibrate class can be effective in the secondary prevention of composite outcome of composite stroke, non-fatal MI, and vascular death. However, this beneficial effect relies on the inclusion of clofibrate data, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to its unacceptably large adverse effects. There was no increase in adverse events with fibrates compared to control. Further trials of the use of fibrids in populations with previous stroke and also against a background treatment with statins (standard of care) are required.
We included 12 trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants). All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 500 mL or 400 mL was more pronounced in the group of women having vaginal birth than in women who had CS. Additional medical interventions and blood transfusions were less frequent in women receiving TA compared to women receiving no intervention (moderate quality evidence). There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the use of TA. Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness were more common in women treated with TA compared with women who did not receive TA. There is no evidence about maternal mortality, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events (blood clots in the blood). The effect on maternal mortality and severe complications is uncertain (low quality evidence) and its use in high-risk women should be investigated further. TA (in addition to uterotonic medications) decreases postpartum blood loss and prevents blood transfusion following vaginal birth and CS based on studies of mixed quality.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat influenza A. The evidence is current to February 2016. We found no studies assessing the safety of the drug. We did not find any studies assessing amanadine in the elderly. The quality of the evidence was low and we did not have enough information about the safety and effectiveness of the drugs in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of influenza A in children and the elderly, but there was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with either amantenadine or rimantenine. We could not identify any adverse effects of either drug in the children or the elderly and there was a lack of information about their safety. We do not know if either of these drugs can be used to prevent, treat or shorten the length of time that influenza A lasts.
We included nine studies that included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies they were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared intentional injury in the cycle prior to IUI with the IUI cycle. When we restricted the analysis to only studies at low risk of bias the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality (very low quality evidence). This study did not report the primary outcome of pain during the procedure. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the procedure and there was no evidence of an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. Neither of the two studies reported the primary outcomes of pain. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution as we graded the quality of the evidence as either low or very low. The main reasons we downgraded the evidence were most included studies were at a high level of bias and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3905 participants. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. The evidence is current to May 2016. We found no high-quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. We were unable to determine whether professional oral therapy resulted in a lower number of first episodes of pneumonia compared with usual care over a 24-month period (one study, 366 participants analysed; low quality evidence). There was evidence from two studies that professional oral therapies may reduce the risk of pneumonia-associated mortality compared to usual oral therapy, but this finding must be considered with caution. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. The quality of the evidence was low. Further trials are needed to draw reliable conclusions.
The evidence is current to May 2014. We found four randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effects of budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) versus placebo, mesalazine plus cholestyramine (2.4 g/day), bismuth subsalicylate (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks versus placebo) and beclometasone dipropionate (5 mg or 10 mg daily versus placebo). Budesonide was significantly more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. Forty-one patients were enrolled in the study assessing mesalazines with or without cholestramine. Five patients were enrolling in the trial studying budesonides with or alone versus placebo. Fifty-six patients were included in the trials studying beclometric dipropions. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding due to the small number of patients in the studies. The other 3 studies were rated to be of low quality due to low numbers of patients and poor reporting of study characteristics. The results of the studies showed that budesonid may be effective for the treatment of active lymphocytic colitis. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo-controlled trial. No adverse events were reported in the mesalamines study. Nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache were reported as side effects in the bistsalazine study. No side effects were reported for the bistalizumab study. Adverse events in the other studies included nausea, sleepiness and change of mood. The quality of the evidence was very low due to a very small sample size and limited data. Low quality evidence suggests that mesalazepine may be an effective treatment for active lymphocyte colitis, however this need to be proven by large placebo controlled studies. No conclusions can be made regarding mesalizepine due to its very small size and the very limited number of participants in this study, Further trials studying interventions for lymphocyte-related colitis are warranted.
We included nine trials that compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring, one trial compared SMBG with SMUG, one study was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG with usual health care and one trial was a two-arm trial comparing less intensive SMBG versus SMUG and more intensive SM BG with a control group. We found no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life. Quality of life was not assessed in any of the studies. One trial compared the costs of SMBG compared to self-metering of urine glucose based on nine measurements per week and with the prices in US dollars in 1990. Authors concluded that total costs for the intervention were £89 (104 EURO [11/2011 conversion]) for standardized usual care (control group), £181 (212 EURO (11/ 2011 conversion) for SMUG versus SMBG, and £173 (203 EURO) for the SMUG group. Higher losses to follow-up in the more intensive group were responsible for the difference in costs, compared to the less intensive group. At the end of the trial, SMBG was 12 times more expensive than SMUG in the first year, with the purchase of a reflectance meter. None of the included studies reported data on morbidity. From this review, we conclude that when diabetes duration is over one year, the overall effect on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin is small up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months. Furthermore, based on a best-evidence synthesis, there is no evidence of a difference in patient satisfaction with SMBG. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of SM BG and its impact on diabetes specific quality of lives, as well as the impact on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications.
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD met the inclusion criteria, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Compared to the control condition, cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance was superior for outpatients with cocaine dependence in one study, but CBT plus treatment as usual was not superior for men with recent verbal/physical violence in another. A multi-component intervention utilising motivational interviewing principles, the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program’, plus incarceration was superior to incarceration alone for imprisoned drink-driving offenders. Contingency management and standard maintenance were superior for drug misuse, but not in another study, possibly because of differences in the behavioural intervention. Disappointingly few of the included studies addressed the primary outcomes defined in this review (aggression, reconviction, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects). Results suggest that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD.
This review included 11 studies with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 people, and five to one analysis relating to purulent rhinitis, with 791 people. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. There is evidence that antibiotics cause significant adverse effects in adults and in all ages when given for acute common cold and in children and adults for acute purulent rheumatoid arthritis. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended. Interpretation of the combined data is limited because some studies included only children or only adults, or only males; a wide range of antibiotics were used and outcomes were measured in different ways.
We included five trials (162 randomised participants) with guttate and chronic plaque psoriasis. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. Three were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. None of the trials measured our primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. We found only five trials, which assessed the effects of five comparisons (systemic antibiotic treatment (penicillin, azithromycin) or tonsillectomy). Two comparisons (erythromycin compared to no treatment, and rifampicin compared to placebo) did not measure any of the outcomes of interest. The studies did not allow investigation into the influence of Streptococcal infection, and a key intervention (amoxicillin) was not assessed. One trial (N = 50 participants) compared a 500 mg daily dose of antibiotic treatment with vitamin C. Adverse events were reported in 10 out of 30 participants with nausea and mild abdominal upset, but not in the vitamin C group. The proportion of participants who achieved clear or almost clear skin was not measured. One participant had minor bleeding. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included trials were at unclear or high risk of bias and involved only a small number of unrepresentative participants, with limited measurement of our outcomes. Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented. We rated the quality of evidence for the outcomes that were measured as very low-quality evidence, due to the low number of participants included in the trials and imprecision (single study data with a low quality of events). We are uncertain of both the efficacy and the safety of antistreptococcic treatments for guttates and plaque psorsiasis. Further trials assessing the effectiveness and tolerability of penicillin V or amoxicillin are needed in children and young adults with gut-related plaque psoriiasis.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 933 participants with MS; 464 were randomised to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the comparator group. One study reported that vitamin D improved ratings on the psychological and social components of the HRQOL scale, but had no effects on the physical components. The other two studies found no effect of vitamin D on the quality of life of people with MS. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on recurrence of relapse, worsening of disability measured by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS), and MRI lesions. Effects on health-related quality-of-life and fatigue are unclear. The randomised trials included in this review provided no data on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, proportion of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. The quality of the evidence was very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results of the included studies. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review. The doses and treatment durations used in the included trials appears to be safe, although available data are limited.
We included 62 studies with a total of 4241 participants. Most studies recruited fewer than 100 participants and did not provide enough data for meta-analysis. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design ranging from one to 15 days, with the greatest number (11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. The studies were conducted in the USA, and one study is ongoing so also not included in this update. The primary outcomes for this review were participant-reported pain and pain relief. Morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain. Only a few reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% had no worse than mild pain within a reasonably short time period. A small number of participants did not achieve adequate pain relief with morphine. Fifteen studies compared oral morphine modified release (Mm/r) preparations with morphine immediate release preparations (MIR). Two studies compared Mm/R with MIR at different times and two compared MIR with morphine given at a different time. One study was found comparing each of the following: oral morphine tablet with Mm orr suspension; oral morphine with non-opioids; MIR and morphine with epidural morphine; and oral morphine and epidural opioids. The average daily dose in studies ranged from 25 mg to 2000 mg with an average of between 100 mg and 250 mg. Modified release versions of morphine were effective for 12- or 24-hour dosing depending on the formulation. It was not clear if these trials were sufficiently powered to detect any clinical differences between formulations or comparator drugs. New studies added to the review for the previous update reinforced the view that it is possible to use modified release morphine to titrate to analgesic effect. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Studies are old, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes and therefore were only designed to show equivalence between different formulations. The review demonstrates the wide dose range of morphine used in studies, and that a small percentage of participants are unable to tolerate oral morphine. We judged the included studies to be at high risk of bias because the methods of randomisation and allocation concealment were poorly reported. The effectiveness of oral morphine has stood the test of time, but the randomised trial literature for morphine is small given the importance of this medicine. Adverse events were common, predictable, and approximately 6% of participants discontinued treatment with morphine because of intolerable adverse events. The conclusions have not changed for this update for the same reasons as before.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); open surgery plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection (one study); percutaneous surgery plus steroid injection versus steroid injection (five studies); endoscopic surgery versus open surgery; and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery (transverse incision of the skin in the distal palmar crease, transverse surgical incision in the skin about 2–3 mm distally from distal palm skin, and longitudinal incision). Twelve participants (8 versus 4) did not complete the follow up, and it was considered that they did not have a positive outcome in the data analysis. We are uncertain whether open surgery was more effective than steroid injection in improving hand function or participant satisfaction as studies did not report these outcomes. Compared with steroid injection, there was low-quality evidence that open surgery may result in a less recurrence rate from six up to 12 months following the treatment, although it increases the incidence of pain during the first week after the treatment. We were uncertain about the effect of open surgery with regard to the resolution of trigger finger symptoms in the six months after treatment compared with steroid injections, and we were uncertain whether it improved hand function in the 12 months up to six months following treatment. Because of very low quality evidence from two trials and few event rates (270 participants) from six months, we are uncertain if open surgery increased the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) (18/140 observed in the open surgery group compared with 17/130 in the control group; RR 1.48, 95% CI 0.79 to 2.76); evidence was downgraded due to study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies in the included studies and differences in study design. The main comparison was open surgery, because open surgery is the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and considered as standard surgery, whereas steroid injection is the least invasive control treatment method as reported in studies in this review and is often used as first-line treatment in clinical practice. Open surgery provides benefits with respect to less triggering recurrence, but it has the disadvantage of being more painful than steroid injections. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019.
Three randomised controlled trials, with 931 participants, tested different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of performance and detection bias. The studies were otherwise at low risk of bias. Early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve OS of participants with AO or AOA. This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Use of biomarkers including codeletion of chromosomes 1p and 19q with or without IDH-1 or -2 mutation identify a subset of people with increased sensitivity to combined PCV and RT. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and whether it can be substituted for this remains unclear. The important role of biomarker was supported in all of the RCTs examined, and prospective evaluation should be undertaken in future studies.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not analysed as randomised. There is insufficient evidence for the efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids for the treatment of OSA in children; they may have short-term beneficial effects on the desaturation index and oxygen saturation in children with mild OSA but the certainty of the benefit on the primary outcome AHI, as well as the respiratory arousal index, was low due to imprecision of the estimates and heterogeneity between studies. Montelukast (a steroid drug) reduced the number of apnoeas, hypopnoesas, and respiratory arousals during sleep in otherwise healthy, non-obese, surgically untreated children (moderate certainty for primary outcome and moderate and high certainty, respectively, for two secondary outcomes) by significantly reducing the number. The clinical relevance of the observed treatment effects remains unclear, however, because minimal clinically important differences are not yet established for polysomnography-based outcomes in children. Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly distributed between study groups. Long-term efficacy and safety data on the use of anti-inflammatory medications for OSA are still not available. There are currently no RCTs (randomised controlled trials) on the effectiveness and safety of other kinds of medications used to treat OSA. Future trials should investigate sustainability of treatment effects, avoidance of surgical treatment, and long-term side effects.
We included six studies with a total of 1291 children with CVCs. Of the six included studies, five studies investigated the prevention of VTE compared with no intervention, and one study compared AT supplementation and LMWH with AT supplementation (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134, antithrombin (AT) supplementation n = 37, low-dose warfarin n = 31, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplements n = 240, and AT supplementation with LMWH n = 41). In one study, we identified a significant reduction in symptomatic VTE with the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation. None of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, HIT, HITT, death as a result of vascular disease, removal of CVC due to VTE, CVC-related infection, and post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS) between experimental and control groups. Four studies were included for the evaluation of adverse events. We found no significant effects of systemic treatments in preventing VTE in paediatric oncology patients. However, this could be due to the low number of included participants, which resulted in low power. In one CCT, which compared one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment, we found that LMWH was associated with a reduction in VTE. We are not able to give any recommendations for clinical practice. Additional well-designed international RCTs and CCTs are needed to further explore the effects of these treatments. The incidence of symptomatic vascular disease is relatively low; therefore, it might be necessary to select participants with high risk factors or to investigate asymptomatic vascular diseases instead.
Three trials with a total of 287 participants operated on for TAAA were included in this review. In the first trial of 98 participants, neurological deficits in the lower extremities occurred in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. CSFD did not have a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. The second trial of 33 participants used CSFD and intrathecal papaverine. The third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. The CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in the relative risk of postoperative deficits. Analysis was undertaken after only one third of the estimated sample size had entered the trial. There are limited data supporting the role of CSFS in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 662 participants. Re-NB-UVB and re-PUVA are similarly effective for treating people with CPP or GP. The evidence is very heterogeneous and needs to be interpreted with caution. The clearance rate between oral PUVA and oral UVB is inconsistent among the included studies. In practice, UVB may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. However, the evidence is considered ineffective for PPP in clinical practice, and a small RCT did not detect a statistically significant difference between oral and topical PUVA for clearing PPP. Larger prospective studies are needed to confirm the long-term safety of NB-UVBs.
Twenty one eligible studies were identified with a total of 1525 participants. About half of the trials had low risk of bias for randomisation and allocation concealment. We found some evidence that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may enhance the outcome of treatment compared to electrical stimulation alone or exercises alone. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any method of treatment. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implanted sacral nerve stimulator. The limited number of identified trials together with methodological weaknesses of many do not allow a definitive assessment of the role of anal sphincter exercises and biofeed back therapy in the management of people with faecal incontinence. While there is a suggestion that some elements of the intervention may have a therapeutic effect, this is not certain. Larger well-designed trials are needed to enable safe conclusions.
The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different catheter policies. Thirty nine randomised trials were identified for inclusion in the review. Despite reviewing 39 eligible trials, few firm conclusions could be reached because of the multiple comparisons considered, the small size of individual trials, and their low quality. The data from five trials were heterogeneous but tended to indicate a higher risk of (re)catheterisation if a catheter was not used postoperatively. Whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of morbidity (especially infection) and risks of recatheterisation.
Ten studies (3340 participants) were included in the review. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two of these studies compared an adjunctive treatment to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an add-on treatment (754 participants), and one study compared an additional treatment to haloperidine (347 participants). A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. The evidence is current to February 2016. Evidence shows that at three and four weeks, the effects were similar between people treated with aripprazole and those treated with placebo. However, at 12 weeks, arioprazole was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence) - a modest difference. At the three-week time point, meta-analysis was not possible because of lack of data; however, at the 12-week point, the effect was similar. Arippazole was compared with other drug treatments in three studies in adults—lithium was used in one study in one treatment arm and haloperideol in two studies in two other treatments in adults. At 12 weeks of treatment, haloperidiol resulted in significantly more movement disorders than ariprazole, as measured on the SAS, the BAS and the Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale (AIMS) and by participant-reported akathisia. The difference was most likely due to the different side effect profiles of lithium and ariprazole. At three weeks after treatment, the side effect profile of lithium was similar to that of aripazole, but the difference was more pronounced in children and adolescents than in adults, and more children/adsolescents had a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high, which means that we are very confident in the results.
We found no evidence of significant difference between ethanol or urokinase lock treatments with concomitant systemic antibiotics and systemic antibiotics alone regarding the number of participants cured, number of recurrent CVC-related infections, the number days until the first negative blood culture, the numbers of CVCs prematurely removed, ICU admission and sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five publications. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to further explore the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments in the treatment of infections in children with cancer.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. Of the 15 selected trials, three were rated low risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial for acute whiplash-related pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term but not long-term follow-up, but not for acute to chronic neck pain. Advice focusing on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics: Very low quality evidence showed no benefit or no difference in improving function and global perceived improvement from generic information given out in emergency care (control) for acute neck pain at short- or intermediate-time points. Advice on stress-coping skills and self-care strategies: Low quality evidence indicated that advice on pain coping skills did not relieve pain for acute or chronic pain, but there was no evidence of benefit or difference for other types of pain relief. Advice to activate, advice to activate and advice on stress management skills, anxiety and stress management were not effective for relieving neck pain in people with acute and chronic pain. There was no benefit for pain relief for people with chronic or acute pain. This review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions, including advice to activation, advice on Stress-Coping skills, stress-management skills and advice to cope with stress in the workplace.
We found 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria as the Cochrane review, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences, and which formed the basis of a thematic synthesis, which is presented in appendices to this review. There is insufficient rigorous evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations. The evidence is current to May 2015. The results of this review suggest that ideally communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. However, poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm such as discrimination in accessing health care.
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps. The major adverse events were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS symptoms, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety.
This review included 15 trials, involving 1022 adults with dorsally displaced and potentially or evidently unstable distal radial fractures. While all trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation, there was considerable variation especially in terms of patient characteristics and interventions. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. External fixation was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor. Probably, some complications could have been avoided using a different surgical technique for pin insertion. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for fractures of the distal radius in adults. Though there is insufficient evidence for a better functional outcome, external fixation reduces redisplacement, gives improved anatomical results and most of the excess surgically-related complications are minor.
This review found that early removal of ureteric stents following kidney transplantation may reduce the incidence of UTI while it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. Generally the risk of bias of the included studies was judged low or unclear; they addressed the research question and utilised a prospective randomised design.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with fillingings. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted with the Hall technique) versus non-restorative caries treatment. In the two studies using crowns fitted with the conventional method, all teeth had undergone pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. One study reported outcomes in the short term and found no reports of major failure or pain in either group. Similarly, there was moderate quality evidence that the risk of pain was lower in the long term for the crown group. It is uncertain whether there is a clinically important difference between crowns and fillings in terms of gingival bleeding, either in the shorter term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). The evidence quality was very low and we are therefore uncertain about the estimates. The final study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns versus white veneers. It provided very low quality evidence so no conclusions could be drawn. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns compared to other types of caries, and for metal compared with aesthetic crowns, is very low. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the shortest term and long term. Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. Crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk for major failure and pain in the longer term compared to fillings. The quality of the evidence was low because of the small number of studies and the small size of the studies, and because we could not be sure of the results. There are no RCTs comparing PMC fitted conventionally versus filling with filling, and there is no evidence comparing crowns fit with filling. Only one study compared PMC (fitted using the hall technique) with non-removal of tooth decay, and we were not able to draw any conclusions about the quality of this evidence because the quality was low. The evidence is current to January 2018.
We searched for studies that compared PEP with other methods of airway clearance. We included 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) in this review. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. These studies compared the use of PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. A total of 28 studies were included in the review; 18 studies involving 296 participants were cross-over in design. The evidence provided by this review is of variable quality, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the clinical treatment of people with CF. Single interventions or series of treatments that continued for up to three months demonstrated little or no difference in effect between PEP and other treatments for at least one year (low- to moderate-quality evidence). However, long-term studies had equivocal or conflicting results regarding the effect on this outcome. There was limited evidence reported on adverse events; these were measured in five studies, two of which found no events. In a study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux, this was more severe in infants performing PEP (26 infants). In PEP versus oscillated PEP, adverse events were only reported in the flutter group (five participants complained of dizziness, which improved after further instructions on device use was provided) (22 participants). In one of the included studies, it was reported (personal communication) that there was a significant reduction in the number of respiratory exacerbations when PEP was compared with a mask (66 participants). The results for the remaining outcome measures (including our third primary outcome of mucus clearance) were not examined or reported in sufficient detail to provide any evidence. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate for all outcomes. Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomisation sequence was either generated or concealed.
We included four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe CD. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other studies were judged to be at low risk of systematic error. Moderate certainty evidence suggests that CZP is effective for induction of clinical remission and clinical response in participants with active CD. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events differs between CZPs and placebo as the 95% CI includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. Future studies are needed to evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of CZp in CD patients.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the effects of different treatments for heart failure in people with CKD. One hundred and twelve studies met our selection criteria: 15 were studies of adults with heart failure; 16 studies were conducted in the general population but provided subgroup data for people with chronic kidney disease (CKD); and 81 studies included CKD, however, data for this subgroup were not provided. Of the 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported disaggregated and extractable data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was frequently high or unclear. The effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension, or quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. We were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors affects the risk of hyperkalanemia, as there were few studies and meta-analysis was not possible. Effects of anti-arrhythmic agents, digoxin, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, renin inhibitors, sinus nodes inhibitors, vasodilators, and vasopressin receptor antagonists were very uncertain, due to the paucity of studies. Side effects of ACEi or ARB, or aldosterone antagonists on improving heart failure and kidney function were uncertain, and we were not able to estimate the effect of treatment with ACEi and ARB on worsening heart function, lowering blood pressure, or side effects of treatment. We did not find any evidence that treatment with angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) inhibitors had an effect on kidney function. We found no evidence that angioplasty was associated with an increase in risk of kidney impairment. The evidence is current to January 2015. The overall quality of the evidence was very low or very low, meaning that there is not enough evidence to inform clinical practice. Future research aimed at analysing existing data in general population CKD studies to explore the effect in subgroups of patients with HF, considering stage of disease, may yield valuable insights for the management of people with HF.
Three studies involving a total of 1945 women were included in this review. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. Given that this review is based on three studies (N = 1945 women) of moderate quality, there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of one form of monitoring over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour.
We included two randomised controlled trials involving 54 participants with CVI. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. Many of our review outcomes were not reported or reported by only one of the two studies. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with chronic leg pain. Future research should consider types of exercise protocols (intensity, frequency and time), sample size and blinding, as well as the severity of the disease.
This review included 40 randomised controlled trials that compared hyaluronan/hylan with placebo (saline or arthrocentesis), ten trials included comparisons of intra-articular (IA) corticosteroids, six trials compared nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), three trials compared physical therapy with physical therapy, two trials compared the use of exercise with arthroscopy, and fifteen trials compared viscosupplements with placebo. The analyses of the effects of the HA class of products generally supported the efficacy of this class of intervention. Of note is the 5 to 13 week post injection period which showed a percent improvement from baseline of 28 to 54% for pain and 9 to 32% for function. In general, few adverse events were reported in these analyses. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of different products and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of the different products. Overall, the analyses performed are positive for some products with respect to certain variables and timepoints, such as pain on weight bearing at 5 to13 weeks postinjection. In some analyses, the HA classes of products were comparable in efficacy to systemic forms of active intervention, with more local reactions but fewer systemic adverse events. In terms of safety, there was no definitive comment on the safety of these products; however, within the constraints of the trial designs employed no major safety issues were detected. Based on the aforementioned analyses, viscosuplements are an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient global assessment; and at different post injection periods but especially at the 5- to 13-week post injection time point. The analysis of the analyses showed that the overall effect is in the moderate large effect-size range, which means that the effect is likely to be in the range of moderate to large effect. In summary, the evidence is current to May 2013.
We included 10 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants in this review. Four RCTs (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics. Two trials (1787 women) compared 800 mcg sublingual misopropol versus oxytocin infusion as primary PPH treatment; one trial included women who had received prophylactic uterotonic treatment, and the other did not. One trial (1887 women), however, was too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women who are not responding to conventional treatments for PPH. The review suggests that among women who received oxytocins for the treatment of PPH, adjunctive use of misuprostol confers no added benefit. Misoprostols were associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. Compared with oxytocines, oxytocinas are more effective and cause fewer side effects when used as first-line therapy when used to treat PPH in women who fail to respond to uterotonic therapy. Two small trials attempted to test the effectiveness of estrogen and tranexamic acid, respectively, but were too small to be able to compare the effects of these drugs. The trials included in the current review were not adequately powered to assess impact on the primary outcome measures. The quality of the included trials was low or very low due to the small number of participants and the small size of the trials. Furthermore, future studies should focus on the best way to treat women with PPH who do not respond to standard treatments.
This review of trials found that routine short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation of cysteine-free PN in preterm infants improves nitrogen balance. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks of this treatment, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of treatment. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. Available evidence from a large RCT trial does not support routine N- acetylcyteine supplementation in extremely low birth weight infants.
We included 77 trials including 6287 participants that met the inclusion criteria of this review. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. We present here only the comparisons of active intervention versus no intervention in which two or more trials reported at least one of the following outcomes: mortality, serious adverse events, and health-related quality of life, the outcomes that determine whether a treatment should be used. There was no mortality in either group (87 participants; 1 trial; very low quality evidence). None of the participants developed serious side effects in the trial which reported the proportion of people with serious side events (87 people; 1 study); none of the trials reported the number of people who developed a serious side effect (194 people; 2 studies; very high quality evidence) in the two trials which reported this. There were no deaths in either treatment group (74 people, 1 study; 1 low-quality evidence); there was no death in either of the two studies reporting this outcome (74 participants; 2 low- quality evidence), and there were no adverse events in either study. None of these three outcomes were reported in the other outcomes that we were interested in (death at maximal follow up, serious side event rate, and quality of the evidence). We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with NAFLD including those with steato hepatitis. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. All other trials were at high risk of bias in one or two domains. Overall, all the evidence was low quality. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1282 participants, of which 1172 had analysed data; 430 participants converted to Alzheimer’s disease dementia and 130 participants to other forms of dementia. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. Six studies (164 cases and 328 non-cases) evaluated the accuracy of the CSF p-tau. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. A significant number of studies had unclear risk of bias for the reference standard, participant selection and flow and timing domains. The accuracy of these CSF biomarkers for ‘other dementias’ had not been investigated in the included primary studies. Our findings are based on studies with poor reporting. We were not able to formally assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of included studies available to be included. Future studies with more uniformed approaches to thresholds, analysis and study conduct may provide a more homogenous estimate than the one that has been available from the included studies we have identified. These tests, like other biomarker tests which have been subject to Cochrane DTA reviews, appear to have better sensitivity than specificity and therefore might have greater utility in ruling out Alzheimer's disease as the aetiology to the individual's evident cognitive impairment, as opposed to ruling it in. Particular attention should be paid to the risk of misdiagnosis and overdiagnosis of dementia (and therefore over-treatment) in clinical practice. The insufficiency and heterogeneity of research to date primarily leads to a state of uncertainty regarding the value of CSF testing for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's for the treatment of dementia in current clinical practice, and further research is needed.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (RALRP). The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. The evidence is current to August 2016. Low-quality evidence suggests that propofol reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) over the short term (one to six hours after surgery) after RALRP compared with inhalational anaesthesia (sevoflurane, desflurane) (MD -1.70, 95% CI -2.59 to -0.81; P = 0.0002). However, it is unclear whether this surrogate outcome translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. We found low-quality data suggesting that proton pump inhibitor drugs (propofol) may prevent an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP) after pneumoperitoneum and steep Trendelenburg positioning. However, we found no studies addressing the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostate surgery. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
We included 14 studies, including 5 cohort and 9 case-control studies, with 1,601,515 study subjects. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of low birth weight in women who received potent to very potent topical steroids. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of foetal death (low quality evidence), but we did not observe this effect when the steroid was given during pregnancy. This update provides stratified analyses based on steroid potency; we found no association between maternal use of steroid potency and an increase in adverse pregnancy outcomes, including mode of delivery, congenital abnormality, preterm delivery, or low Apgar score, which is consistent with the previous version of this review. We further downgraded the quality of the evidence because of imprecision in the estimate of effect and inconsistency in the number of babies who died in the womb. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) Working Group approach to rate the overall quality of evidence. The evidence is current to February 2019. We included 7 new observational studies in this update, bringing the total number to 14, including five cohort studies, 5 case studies, and nine case studies with a total of 1,600,515 participants. We found no evidence that topical steroid use increases the risk of congenital abnormalities, orofacial clefts, birth defects, or preterm birth. However, this update identified a probable association between low birthweight and use of topical steroids during pregnancy, especially when the cumulative dosage of topical steroid throughout the pregnancy is very large, which warrants further investigation. The finding of a possible protective effect of mild or moderate topical steroids on foetals could also be examined. We did not find any association between topical steroid exposure to any potency of steroid and any of the other pregnancy outcomes. We rated the evidence as being of low or very low quality due to the small number of studies, imprecise results, and inconsistencies in the results.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the use of topical corticosteroids with a control group of people with bacterial keratitis. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches in July 2014. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All four trials compared the treatment of bacteria-infected corneal ulcers with topical steroids and without topical steroids, and had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. All trials reported data on visual acuity ranging from three weeks to three years, and none of them found any important difference between the topical steroid group and the control group. For adverse events, none of the trials found any significant differences between the two treatment groups. One small trial reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference in the two groups (data not available). Although the four trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four included trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review. There is inadequate evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of adjunctive topical steroids compared with no topical steroids in improving vision, infiltrate/scar size, or adverse events among participants with bacterial infection. Current evidence does not support a strong effect of topical steroids for treating bacterial infection, but may be due to insufficient power to detect a treatment effect.
We included four trials with 450 participants. Data on functional outcome and death at end of follow-up were available for 443 participants from three trials. We found no evidence from RCTs that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic treatment with respect to functional outcome. Quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). The quality of evidence for functional outcome was low because of the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in the trials. The evidence was of low quality because the quality of the evidence was very low. We were unable to combine the results of the included trials because there were too few participants. We did not find any evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of intravenous or subcutaneous interventions for the treatment of ischaemic stroke. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We included in the review one randomised controlled trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. Risk of bias was high because of contamination between groups, as 63% of control group participants accessed day care services separate from those offered within the intervention. No other measures of child intellectual or psychosocial development were reported in the included study. No evidence indicated that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one trial that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. Some trials included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. The need for such studies is significant. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect. Robust guidance for parents, policymakers and other stakeholders cannot currently be offered on the basis of evidence from randomised trials.
This review found that there is not enough research to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in patients with UC. More research is needed.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated intramedullary nailing versus plating in 213 participants, with useable data from 173 participants of whom 112 were male. The mean age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. Overall, the quality of available evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the results. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the need for re-operation or risk of complications between nailing and plating. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to have a second operation after nailing. The addition of evidence from two ongoing trials of nailing compared with plating should inform this question in future updates. The evidence is current to February 2019. We conclude that there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of surgery or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults.
We included 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants: eight studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. Our results support the use of BPLD in people with stroke or TIA for reducing the risk of recurrent stroke. Current evidence is primarily derived from trials studying an ACE inhibitor or a diuretic. No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal blood pressure target after stroke.
The review of trials found that non-glucosidic B-sitosterols improve urinary symptoms and flow measures. However, their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known. The evidence is current to May 2013.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events (such as death or serious side effects) when regular salmeteroline was compared with placebo. In patients who were not taking inhaled corticosteroids, compared to regular sal butamol or placebo, there was a clear increase in risk of asthma-related death in patients not using inhaled steroids in the two large surveillance studies. In comparison with placebo, we have found an increased risk of serious side-effects with regular Salmeterol. One extra serious adverse event occurred over 28 weeks for every 188 people treated with regular sal meterol (95% CI 95 to 2606). We cannot rule in or out an increase in asthma mortality in the presence of an inhaled steroid. Although the increase in the number of people who died from asthma was smaller in patients taking inhalers at baseline, the confidence interval is wide, so we cannot conclude that the inhalers abolish the risks of the inhaled inhalers. The adverse effects of the inhaler in children remain uncertain due to the small number of children studied.
This review of trials found no evidence from controlled clinical trials that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants. No significant effects were found in use of mechanical ventilation, duration of ventilation, air leak, CLD at 28 days in survivors, patent ductus arteriosus, intraventricular haemorrhage or necrotising enterocolitis.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants in this review. Eight RCTs had a low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. All trials had a high risk of biased assessment of the remaining outcomes. The analyses found evidence that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The meta-analysis with the relative risk reduction (RRR) reduced to 30% confirmed the findings when including all trials, but not when we reduced the RRR to 22%. The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect of the non-disaccharide treatment on quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-Analysis (very low quality evidence). The review found no differences between lactulose and lactitol for the other outcomes. None of the trials evaluating lactulos compared with lactitol evaluated quality of live. The review also found evidence of non-serious (mainly gastrointestinal) adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. This review includes a large number of trials evaluating the prevention or treatment of hepatic encephalopathy.
We included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) in our review. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density or bone-related biomarkers, with more recent studies evaluating proteinuria and hyperparathyroidism. Bisphosphonate therapy was usually commenced in the perioperative transplantation period (within 3 weeks) and regardless of BMD. 45 studies contributed data to our meta-analyses (2698 participants). Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death, myocardial infarction or stroke, or graft loss. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney transplantation are very uncertain. It was uncertain whether interventions for bone disease reduce all-cause or cardiovascular death, heart attack and stroke, and graft loss in very low certainty evidence. Compared to placebo, bisphosphoneate therapy administered over 12 months in transplant recipients may prevent fracture (low certainty evidence) although the 95% CI included the possibility that bisphosporine therapy might make little or no difference. It may reduce bone pain and bone fractures, however low certainty in the evidence indicates it is possible that treatment may make little (or no difference) to fracture or bone pain. It is uncertain whether bisph phosphonate or other bone treatments prevent other skeletal complications (including spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis) or whether vitamin D compounds have any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death or transplant function outcomes (very low certainty or absence of evidence). Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low confidence. Risks of bias were generally high or unclear leading to lower certainty in results. The evidence is current to January 2019.
We found four randomised controlled trials involving 317 people. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. Without antibiotics, 46% of participants with acute rhinosinusitis, whether or not confirmed by radiography, were cured after 1 week and 64% after 14 days. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). The quality of the evidence was moderate to high, meaning that we are very confident in the results. The risk of bias was low to unclear, which means that the results may not be reliable. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials. Considering antibiotic resistance, and the very low incidence of serious complications, we conclude there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhinusitis.
This review found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve DSS in patients with resectable carcinoma of the stomach, although the increased incidence of postoperative mortality reduces its therapeutic benefit. The quality of the evidence is moderate.
Thirteen studies, involving a total of 1158 participants, met the criteria for inclusion in this review. The findings of this review suggest that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low (28%). The conclusion of the review is that the studies conducted have not allowed an adequate evaluation of the effectiveness of oral naloxone in the field of opioid dependence. The evidence is current to September 2014. The results of this systematic review do not allow an adequate assessment of the efficacy and safety of the use of nalrexone for the treatment of people with opioid dependence for the maintenance of opioid use. If nalaxone is compared with other pharmacological treatments such as benzodiazepine and buprenorphine, no statistically significant difference was found. Consequently, maintenance therapy cannot yet be considered a treatment which has been scientifically proved to be superior to other kinds of treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the effects of changing the consistency of fluids for swallowing difficulties in people with dementia. We included two studies that examined modification to fluids. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with and without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. The second study compared the effect of thickening fluids with a chin down head posture over a three-month period in a subgroup of 260 participants. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluorsoscopy for dementia. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for 'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration in the first study but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. During the second study, there were a greater number of incidents of pneumonia in participants receiving honey thick liquids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or taking regular liquids. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifications to fluids in dementia as too few studies have been completed. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening liquids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the long term impact of thickened fluids on the health of the person with dementia should be considered. Further high-quality clinical trials are required. No trials on modification of food met the inclusion criteria.
Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women were included. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using standard IVF, the chance using natural cycle IVF would range from 34% to 53%. The evidence was limited by imprecision. Moreover the largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth, treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included 12 studies with a total of 984 participants in this review. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions alone, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial outcomes with Tai Chi. No adverse events were reported, implying that Tai Chi is safe to practise in people with COPD. However, the effects of Tai Chi in reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. Evidence of very low quality suggests better functional capacity and pulmonary function in post-programme data for Tai Chi versus usual care. Data are currently insufficient for evaluating the impact of Taichi on maximal exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength. With the diverse style and number of forms being adopted in different studies, the most beneficial protocol of the Tai Chi style could not be commented upon.
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. Study sample sizes were generally small and interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. Virtual reality may be beneficial in improving activities of daily living function when used as an adjunct to usual care (to increase overall therapy time). There was insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effect on gait speed, balance, participation, or quality of life. Twenty-three studies reported that they monitored for adverse events; across these studies there were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. This review found that time since onset of stroke, severity of impairment, and the type of device (commercial or customised) were not strong influencers of outcome. The quality of the evidence was mostly low. Thus, while there are a large number of studies, the evidence remains mostly low quality when rated using the GRADE system.
We identified five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether addition or substitution of fluoroquinolones for ethambutol or isoniazid in the first-line regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases culture conversion at eight weeks. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 participants, very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). For relapse, we do not know if there was an effect, or whether there was no effect (three trials, 723 participants). For serious adverse events the substitution may have little or no difference (one study, 433 participants). Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens (four months or less duration) of treatment for drug-sensitive TB. Ofloxacin, levofloxacins, moxifloxacs, and gatiflaxacins have been tested in RCTs of standard first line regimens based on rifampicin and pyrazinamide for treating drug-resistant TB. The evidence is current to January 2017.
