A total of 38 studies involving 7843 children were included in this review. Asthma education aimed at children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department presentation and hospital admission. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. Very few data were available for other outcomes (FEV1, PEF, rescue medication use, quality of life or symptoms) and there was no statistically significant difference between education and control. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity, symptoms and lung function.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. Types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, microdiscectomy, knee joint replacement surgery, anterior cruciate ligament repair, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoidectomy, abdominal surgery, radical prostatectomies, thyroid surgery, elective caesarean section, and laparoscopic surgery. Racemic ketamine bolus doses were predominantly 0.25 mg to 1 mg, and infusions 2 to 5 µg/kg/minute; 10 studies used only S-ketamine and one only R-ketamines. No analysis by dose was possible. There was no difference when nitrous oxide was used. Perioperative intravenous ketamine reduced postoperative opioid consumption over 24 hours by 8 mg morphine equivalents (95% CI 6 to 9; 19% from 42 mg consumed by participants given placebo, moderate-quality evidence; 65 studies, 4004 participants). Over 48 hours, opioid consumption was 13 mg morphine equivalent (19% CI 10 to 15). Ketamine reduced the area of postoperative hyperalgesia by 7 cm² compared with placebo (10 studies, 333 participants). Overall, 187/3614 (5%) participants receiving ketamine and 122/2924 (4%) receiving control treatment experienced an adverse event (RR 1.2, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.4). Pain during movement was reduced at 24 hours, and at 48 hours by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (high quality evidence; 82 studies, 5004 participants), and by 16% lower from 37 mm (low quality evidence). We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small study effects likely but testing not possible. The quality of evidence was moderate for pain at rest or on movement, operation type, and timing of administration, or sensitivity to study size and pain intensity. Results for primary outcomes were consistent when analysed by pain during movement, and pain was reduced by 14% and 16% respectively at 24 and 48 hours (low and moderate quality evidence) and by 6 and 100 mm (moderate and high quality evidence, respectively). We were unable to combine the results because of differences in study design and the small number of participants included in the included studies.
Five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants were included; all five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but the vaccine significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype (the variant included in the vaccine) were reduced (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.57; 719 participants) while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not (720 participants). The effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. Pretreatment for malaria during a vaccine trial makes the results difficult to interpret, particularly with the relatively small sample sizes of early trials.
Four studies, involving 125 participants, were included in this review. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union of the long bones were included, but most data related to non-union of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (risk ratio 1.96; 95% confidence interval 0.86 to 4.48; 4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). A sensitivity analysis conducted to determine the effect of multiple follow-up time-points on the heterogeneity amongst the studies showed that the effect size remained non-significant at 24 weeks. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
We included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. One trial included patients having laparoscopy for acute choletystitis exclusively. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) (adjusted proportion: 0.1%) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) (0.2%) (RR 041; 95% CI 0.04 to 4.37) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the proportion of patients who developed serious adverse events or in the number of serious side effects in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants (adjusted rate: 1.5 events per 100 participants) compared with 6/640 participants (RR 1.9). The length of hospital stay between the two groups (five trials; 449 participants; MD 0.06 days to 0.51 days). The operating time was significantly longer in the drain groups (seven trials; 775 participants) (RR 5.00 minutes to 7.30 minutes) than in the no drain groups. One trial did not provide any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. The quality of life of the participants was no different between the groups (one trial; 93 participants; SMD 0.22; 95%) and there was no difference in the return to normal activity and return to work of the patients in one trial involving 100 participants. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after the operation. Further well designed clinical trials are necessary.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included in this review. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. Eighteen trials found no adverse events. Two trials reported adverse events: adverse events occurred in the control group in one trial, and in the other it was unclear in which group the side effects occurred. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy should be made with caution. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting.
Five randomised controlled trials involving 1382 patients were included in this review. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Studies primarily reported on adverse events. One trial (N = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS ( two events) and CAS (five events), with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the IAS group (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.92, P = 0.008). Overall, IAS was as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). Data from RCTs comparing IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short duration, and there are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS for overall survival, metastatic survival, or disease progression. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced side effects.
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias involving 7,119 participants which described random assignment. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One of them randomised women to immediate insertion of the Copper 7 showed a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion (RR 11.98, 95% CI 1.61 to 89.35,1 study, 259 participants); the quality of evidence was moderate. Another trial randomised participants to the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were likely to be higher for women in the Nova T group. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy (RR 3.40, 95%. 1 study, 400 participants) and reduced expulsion rates. From meta-analysis of two multicentre trials, pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lipses Loop as was expulsion (RR 0.42 and 0.68; 2 studies, 2,274 participants), respectively. Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of an IUD immediately after abortion is safe and practical. IUD expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortions compared to delayed insertions. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared with delayed insertion.
We included only one small randomised controlled trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detection bias because of missing data due to abstract publication only, thus we judged the overall risk of bias as high. meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematologically-diseased patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the participants in usual care control group (low quality of evidence). Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group in comparison to the usual care group, whose levels of depression remained constant. The influence of meditation practice on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events remained unclear, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. At present there is not enough information available to draw any conclusion. To estimate the effects of meditation for patients suffering from cancer, more high quality trials are needed.
We identified three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients who developed mild disease, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. No RCTs for adolescents or adults were identified. These small trials suggest that giving PEP to children following household contact with a case reduces infection rates and severity of cases. Safety was not adequately addressed.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens. There was no sufficient clinical similarity between the trials to perform a meta-analysis. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. In the single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with placebo, the proportion of people who developed SSIs was significantly lower in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo (all SSI: RR 0.26; 95% CI 0.11 to 0.65; MRSA SSI RR 0% to 0%). In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen versus another, there was no significant difference in the number of people developing SSIs. In two trials, 19/478 (4.5%) people developed MRSA infections including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia in these two comparisons. There were no differences between the two comparisons in the percentage of people infected with MRSA at any body site. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or administering antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotics regimens are necessary on this topic.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. Overall, the number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20.05).  There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. There was some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. However, results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome (I² = 35%). Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included two relatively small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences between the groups. Future large and adequately powered randomised controlled trials are required to measure differences in outcomes for relevant outcomes. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. Other important secondary outcomes, such as wound complications, were also similar between the groups. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased incidence of skin separation and the need for reclosure compared with absorbable suturing. There is currently no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed after caearean section.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. Green tea was found to produce statistically significant reductions in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and blood pressure (systolic blood pressure) over six months, stable to sensitivity analysis, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. When both tea types were analysed together they showed favourable effects on LDL cholesterol, systolic and diastolic cholesterol, blood pressure and total cholesterol, but the results were not stable to the sensitivity of the analysis. Black tea was also found to reduce total cholesterol (MD -0.62 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.77 to 0.46), LDL cholesterol and systol blood pressure, but there was no difference between the two types of tea. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. No studies reported cardiovascular events. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects in reducing CVD risk factors, but due to the small size of the included trials the results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
Two small randomised controlled trials recruiting 23 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review. Participants may have been suffering from chronic asthma. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies for consideration in the review. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for this review. The majority of the studies were carried out in people with breast cancer, with the majority of studies conducted in patients with solid tumours (28 studies). A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 control participants. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be statistically more effective than the control intervention. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for interventions delivered during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. In relation to diagnosis, we identified benefits of exercise for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with haematological malignancies. Finally, aerobic exercise significantly reduced fatigue but resistance training and alternative forms of exercise failed to reach significance. The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with solid cancers. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of an exercise interventions.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 3427 participants. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). We included all five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses: the HD9 and HD14 trials were co-ordinated in Germany, the HD2000 and GSM-HD trials were performed in Italy and the EORTC 20012 was conducted in Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as therapy blinding was not feasible. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear. All trials reported results for OS and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to the our first published review (2011) the addition of results from the European Oral Oncology Trial 20012 (EORTC) 20012 shows that BEACOPP escalated increases OS (3142 participants; high-quality evidence). This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the BEACopP escalated arm compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS, meaning that only 144 patients will experience a progress, relapse or death in the BAV arm, compared to 250 patients. There is no evidence for a difference between both regimens for overall secondary malignancies (3332 participants). However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected to show significance until around 15 years after treatment. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (106 participants, RR 1.37 (95% CI 0.83 to 2.26). This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalation of the chemotherapy probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV (anaemia: 2425 participants; neutropenia: 519 participants; thrombocytopenia; infections; 2425 patients; and infections: 373 participants). Only one trial planned to assess quality of life, however, no results were reported. This meta-analysis provides moderate- to high quality evidence that adult patients between 16 and 60 years old with early unfavourable and advanced stage HL benefit regarding OS and PFS. Although the occurrence of MDS or AML may increase with the escalated treatment, there is no clear difference between the two regimens in terms of overall secondary cancer recurrence or treatment-related mortality (2700 participants; low-quality quality evidence). Although there is a small increase in MDS and AML, there was no evidence that there was a difference in overall secondary tumour recurrence (low quality evidence), there was not enough information to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects of the two treatment groups. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. We found low quality evidence that there is no difference in the effect of psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual on quality of life (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.05, 95% CI -0.2 to 0.3, n = 260 patients). Low quality evidence suggested that physical training was not more effective than care for improving RTW (low quality evidence). We found moderate quality evidence of higher RTW rates for multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that multidisdisciplinary interventions involving physical, psychoeducational and/ or vocational components led to higher rates of RTW than care. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. In one study breast cancer participants were offered a physical training programme. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. We judged six studies to be at a high risk of bias and nine to have a low risk.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. One additional study is ongoing. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel. Women allocated to admission CTG had, on average, a higher probability of an increase in the incidence of caesarean section than women allocated to intermittent auscultation in instrumental vaginal birth. There was no clear difference in the average treatment effect across included trials between the two groups. There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcome measures including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (incidence only reported) and incidence of seizures in the neonatal period (involving 8056 infants) and there were no data reported for severe neurodevelopmental disability assessed at greater than, or equal to, 12 months of age. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admissionCTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, as there is no evidence of benefit for the use of the CTG for low-risk women on admission. Furthermore, the probability of having an operation to induce labour is likely to be increased by approximately 20%. However, there is not enough evidence to be sure of this effect. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One of these found a difference, suggesting that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of the studies reported on the health of offspring. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. An optimal embryo culture medium is important for embryonic development and subsequently for the success of IVF or ICSI treatment. Numerous studies have been performed, but no two studies compared the same culture media and none of them found any evidence of any difference. Properly designed and executed randomised trials are necessary.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women who were waiting for a diagnosis. We found no RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. We also found no randomised trials that looked at methods of communication at the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for their diagnosis. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first visit to the doctor's office, where treatments are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of talking to women about their diagnosis would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness of communication and overcome the ethical dilemmas previously mentioned.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1006 participants in this review. One of the included studies was an update of a previously included study and the other was an additional 113 participants. All studies were conducted in the USA. The evidence is current to May 2014. The studies were of moderate quality. The results of the studies showed that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of chest-free days up to three months after the intervention: mean difference (MD) 3.00 (95% CI 0.23 to 5.77). This was associated with reduced chest pain frequency but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain from three months to 12 months. There were no differences in the severity of the chest pain, severity of pain, or frequency of the pain up to one year after the treatment. The effects of psychological interventions were limited to the first few months of the intervention, which was largely restricted to psychological interventions using a cognitive-behavioural framework. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high risk of performance bias. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to integrate findings from studies. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions for NSCP. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The most common comparison was azelastine versus placebo (nine studies). We observed a large variability in reporting outcomes. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical prophylactic and antihistamine treatments. Overall, topical antihormone treatments appear to be safe and well tolerated.
Two studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review and a third was identified as ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 subjects in total). No difference was observed in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study assessing this outcome (skills-community group versus control: risk ratio [RR] 0.95, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.14; skills-only group vs control: RR 0.86, 95%. For smokeless tobacco use, no difference was found between the skills-community arm and the control group at 42 weeks, though there was a significant difference in the number of youth who used tobacco at six months. Whilst the second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test (p < 0.05), this was not maintained at six month follow up (change score -0.11 for intervention and 0.07 for control). Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is twice that of the non-Indigenous population, with tobacco experimentation commencing at an early age. As such, a significant health disparity exists where Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. Methodologically rigorous trials are needed to investigate interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth and to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco-related health disparities in Indigenous and non-indigenous populations.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared prophylactic or selective blood transfusion to pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) or HbSβThal (i.e. HbSC). The evidence is current to May 2015. We found one small trial involving 72 women with HbSS. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The included trial reported no maternal mortality occurring in women who received either blood transfusions. Very low-quality evidence indicated no clear differences in maternal mortality, perinatal mortality or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism, congestive cardiac failure, acute chest syndrome, haemolytic crises and acute splenic sequestration) between the treatment groups (prophylaxis versus selective transfusion), and no differences in the occurrence of pain crisis, bleeding in the blood or delayed red blood cell transfusion reaction between the comparison groups. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and haenolytic disease of the newborn, were not reported by the trial. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfation policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i,e. hbSC and hbS βThal). The available evidence is of very low quality.
We included 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. The only one with evidence of a difference from more than one trial under the pair-wise comparison was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method (rate ratio 1.85, 95% CrI 1.07 to 3.26; 250 participants; 3 studies; very low-quality evidence). Among the secondary outcomes, the only differences we found were the following: blood transfusion (proportion) was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central pressure group (or 3.19 to 6.95; 208 participants; 2 studies). Blood transfusion quantity (red blood cells) was lower in the fibrin sealant group compared with the control (MD −0.53 units, 95%, CrI 0.36 to 0.71; 80 participants). Blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time were lower with low central Venous pressure than with control. For the other comparisons, the evidence for difference was either based on single small trials or there was no difference. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. Paucity of data meant that we could not assess transitivity assumptions and inconsistency for most analyses. When direct and indirect comparisons were available, network meta-analysis provided additional effect estimates for comparisons where there were no direct comparisons. However, the paucity and inconsistency of data decreases the confidence in the results of the network Meta-analysis. There is no evidence to support the use of radiofrequency sealing for liver resection.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included in this review. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP. However, a combination of PUVA and retinoids is better than the individual treatments. There is no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective and neither was topical PUVA. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating pustules. This review shows that the ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared five different drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. Based on the limited number of published RCTs, the best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect of these drugs was -8.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2). The dose-ranging effects of the drugs could not be evaluated. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with these drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects. We graded the quality of the evidence as low due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. All the trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported mortality. One participant experienced the outcome of serious morbidity (eight trials; 446 participants; 1/236 (0.4%) in local anaesthesia instillation group versus 0/210 (0%) in the control group; very low quality evidence). Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported no serious adverse events in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthetist instillation. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) at four to eight hours were significantly lower in the local anasthetist group than in control group at nine to 24 hours. The effect on the proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention. The MD in length of hospital stay was 0.04 days (95% CI -0.23 to 0.32; five trials; 335 participants). Various subgroup analyses and meta-regressions to investigate the influence of the different local anagesthetics, different methods of local anaster instillation, and different controls on the effectiveness of the intervention were inconsistent. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. Serious adverse events were rare in studies evaluating local anaesteletist instillations. Further randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic and random errors are necessary. Such trials should include important clinical outcomes such as quality and life and time to returned to work in their assessment.
We included 74 studies in this review. The studies were conducted in Africa, Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East. We included studies that compared different types of RDTs. We found that the sensitivity and specificity of all RDT tests is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria. In comparison with microscopy, we identified 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, eight evaluations of type 2 tests and five evaluations of types 3 and 4 tests. Types 1 to 3 include HRP-2, either by itself or with other antigens. Types 4 and 5 included pLDH, which is a type of antibody-based RDT. In meta-analyses, average sensitivities and specificities (95% CI) were 94.8% (93.1% to 96.1%) and 95.2% (92.7% to 95.7%) for Type 1 and Type 2 tests, and 99.5% (71.0% to 100.0%) and 90.6% (80.5%) and 94.3% (87% to 98.3%) for type 3 tests, respectively. For Type 4 tests, the meta-analytical average sensitivity was 98.4% (95.9% to 99.4%) and average specificity was 97.5%. For Type 5 tests, we found that average sensitivity for Type 3 tests was 95.0%, 95.5%, and 98.2%, respectively, and for Type 4 and Type 5 test were 98.7%, 95% and 98% respectively. Overall, the sensitivity of both types of tests tended to be more sensitive and were significantly less specific than pLDh-based tests. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity in study results. Quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. If the point estimates are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have symptoms have malaria, the number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be 34 with Type 1 RDT and nine with Type 4 RDT, and 26 with Type 5 RDT respectively. The differences between the two types of test may be small, but the differences are small.
Five studies met the inclusion criteria. All were conducted in the UK, and tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length of consultation on resources used. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the absence of data on participants' characteristics and small sample sizes. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the effects of stavudine versus low dose versus high dose treatment in ART-naive patients with high viral loads. We included three trials (Milinkovic 2007, McComsey 2008 and Sanchez-Conde 2005). All three trials were conducted in developed countries, participants were ART experienced and all had sustained virologic suppression at baseline. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. The sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. The studies were at a high risk of bias due to the way they were conducted and reported. In light of variation in the design and follow-up of the study results, no meta-analysis was performed and the results of single studies are presented. There was no significant difference between the two treatment groups in the number of participants who were cured of viral infection. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic study and not reported on in the low dose arm. However, the studies did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride levels in two studies and body mass index in one study. The results from the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage in virologal efficacy or safety between low and high dose stovudine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained viral suppression and so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where high dose is currently used in ART naive patients. It was not possible to perform a systematic review on these trials because of the small number of studies and differences in the way the studies were conducted. All three of the included studies reported from developed countries and none reported from developing countries. It is important to note that in many developing countries where high doses are still being used, the phasing out of high doses may not be immediately universally feasible.
Ten trials met the inclusion criteria for this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in intensive care unit (ICU) mortality without increasing the risk of barotrauma but had no effect on mortality in the hospital. Five trials (1450 participants) reported no difference in 28-day mortality (low-quality evidence) and pooled data from four trials showed no effect in in-hospital mortality. Data from seven trials (1508 participants) revealed no differences in risk of hospital mortality. We identified significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials. Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included an intervention group that differed from the control group (including co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), making interpretation of the results difficult. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-inventions that might have influenced results of the outcome.
Fifteen studies, involving 687 participants, were included in the review. Study quality was poor and sample sizes were frequently small. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report significant differences between treatment and control. Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire in two studies, (48 patients), showed a positive effect following CBT (WMD 0.71, CI 0.23 to 1.19). The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced by relaxation therapy (OR 4.47, CI 1.22 to 16.44). There was no significant difference in FEV1 for relaxation therapy in four studies of 150 patients, (SMD 0.01, CI -0.41 to 0.40). Peak Expiratory Flow (FEV1) data indicated a difference in favour of bio-feedback therapy but no difference following relaxation therapy. The remainder of the findings between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in trial design. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to an absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma in adults.
We included 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall (of which 5365 in the arms of interest (antidepressant and benzodiazepines as monotherapy)) in this review; however, since studies addressed many different comparisons, only a few trials provided data for primary outcomes. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference in response rate (response rate is a measure of the number of people who respond to treatment) between antidepressants and antidepressants alone. Very low quality evidence suggested a benefit for benzodiazines compared to antidepressants in terms of dropouts due to any cause, even if confidence interval (CI) ranges from almost no difference to benefit with benzodazine. Information on adverse effects was very limited. The evidence suggests that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs (the number of patients experiencing adverse effects). We failed to find clinically significant differences between individual SSRIs. The studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. The identified studies are not sufficient to comprehensively address the objectives of the present review. In general, based on the results of the current review, the possible role of antidepressants in panic disorder should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice of which antidepressant and/or Benzodiazepine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of the efficacy and tolerability, including data from placebo-controlled studies, as a whole. The present review highlights the need for further higher-quality studies comparing antidepressants with benzoiazepines, which should be conducted with high-methodological standards and including pragmatic outcome measures to provide clinicians with useful and practical data. Data on long-term tolerability issues associated with antidepressants and benzoepine exposure should also be carefully considered. Data from the present study will be included in a network meta-analysis of psychopharmacological treatment in panic disorders, which will hopefully provide further useful information on this issue.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. When different types of plastic stent were compared to polyethylene stents, only perflouro alkoxy stents had superior outcomes in one trial. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. There was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality by meta-analysis. Endoscopic stents were associated with a reduced risk of complications, but with higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death when compared with surgery. One published study compared metal to surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stent. Metal stents appeared to be associated with fewer complications and a lower risk of recurrence of biliary obstructive jaundice. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four studies compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and one study compared ultrasound with Doppler auditory assistance. We found moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications. We also found improved success rates within two attempts and fewer complications, such as haematoma formation, with ultrasound guidance compared with other types of guidance. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events. Risk of bias varied across studies, with some studies lacking details of allocation concealment. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the included studies; this adds a performance bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies conducted in Canada in the 1970s and 80s). Two of the ITS studies evaluated the implementation of an advertising ban and one study evaluated the lifting of such a ban. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. Each of the three studies evaluated a different type of ban (partial or full) compared with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions during the control period. Outcomes were assessed immediately after the end of the intervention (lasting 1.5 hours), so no follow-up data were available. One study found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to films with a high alcohol content (mean difference (MD) -0.65 drinks; 95% CI -1.2, 0.07; p value = 0.03, very-low-quality evidence). The results from the other two ITS studies were inconsistent. A meta-analysis of the two studies that evaluated a ban showed an overall mean non-significant increase in beer consumption in the general population of 1.10% following the ban. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In the study evaluating a partial ban on spirits advertising only, which utilised an Abrupt Auto-regressive Integrated Moving Average model, the volume of all forms of alcohol sales decreased by 11.11 kilolitres per month after the ban was lifted. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month by 14.89 and 1.15 kilolitre, respectively, and spirits sales decreased statistically significantly. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported in any of them. Using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to a serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population and serious level of imprecision in the results. This means that the evidence is of very low quality. There is a lack of robust evidence for or against recommending the introduction of alcohol advertising restrictions. Advertising restrictions should be implemented within a high-quality, well-monitored research programme to ensure the evaluation over time of all relevant outcomes in order to build the evidence base.
Eight randomised controlled trials with 182 infants were included in this review. There was no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. The meta-analysis of weight gain based on five studies yielded a WMD of -0.35 g/kg/d (95% CI -1.44, 0.74). Weight gain in g/d based on two studies showed no evidence that there was a difference. Length gain, based on data from five studies, showed a non-significant WMD (0.14 cm/wk). Head circumference gain was not statistically significant. Only one study reported skin fold thickness gain, with a mean difference of 0.15 mm/wk. Subgroup analyses according to % MCT in the high MCT formula, by 10% intervals showed no effect of effect of MCT on weight gain within any subgroup. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. The results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important long-term outcomes. Additional research should aim to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on long- term growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes, and include larger study populations to better evaluate effect on NEC incidence.
The evidence is current to May 2017. We included one small study that reported on a limited number of outcomes of interest in this review. We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amnioinfusion. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). The study did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection, caesarean section, duration of antibiotic treatment and duration of hospitalisation). There was no clear difference in the incidence of neonatal infections between the two groups, nor in the occurrence of perinatal death or severe morbidity (such as neonatal encephalopathy, intraventricular haemorrhage, admission to intensive/high care, admission of the baby to intensive care or admission to neonatal intensive care). The number of babies who had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review, but this outcome was not reported in the included study. The majority of this review’s secondary outcomes were not reported. We rated the quality of the evidence as low due to the small number of women included in the study and inconsistency in how the trial was conducted and reported. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. There is insufficient evidence to fully evaluate the effectiveness of using transcervical amniol for chorioamnionitis and to assess the safety of this intervention or women's satisfaction with this intervention. The quality of evidence is low because of small numbers of women in the trial and the lack of blinding of the trial participants.
Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. There was clinical and methodological heterogeneity between the studies which precluded a pooled meta-analysis of the results. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection. The sensitivity of the Mini-Cog varied in the individual studies and was reported as 0.99, 0.76 and 0.83. There are currently few studies assessing the diagnostic test accuracy in community settings. The limited number of studies and the methodological limitations that are present in the current studies make it difficult to provide recommendations for or against the use of the mini-cog as a cognitive screening test. Additional well-designed studies are required in order to determine the accuracy and utility of this test in community based settings.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamine has powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Amphetamines were efficacious in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by patients (dexamphetamine: SMD −0.77, 95% CI −1.14 to 0.40; two studies, 35 participants; low-quality evidence). We found low- to very low- quality evidence suggesting that dexamphetamine (SMD -0.90, 95%, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.04 to 1.75; 13 studies, 2028 participants) and MAS were effective in reducing ADHD symptoms. In contrast, we found no evidence to suggest that MAS reduced ADHD symptoms, and there were no differences between the two types. We did not find any differences between dexamphetamine and MAS in the number of patients who withdrew from treatment because of side effects. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low.
We included six new studies (517 participants) in this review update, bringing the total of included studies to 10 (811 participants). The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition. Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic pain conditions needs further investigation.
Forty-one studies were included involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine studies targeted at the organisation of care, and 20 studies targeted both. A combination of professional interventions improved process outcomes. The effect on patient outcomes remained less clear as these were rarely assessed. Multiple interventions in which patient education was added or in which the role of the nurse was enhanced also reported favourable effects on patients' health outcomes. Organisational interventions that improve regular recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management. Nurses can play an important role in patient-oriented interventions, through patient education or facilitating adherence to treatment.
We found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The trials compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG-iUS 12 µg-day versus LNG/IUS 16, and the copper T380A interuterine device (IUD). In the trials comparing two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group assigned to the COC 20 (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.85), which may have little clinic relevance. In three trials that examined different LNGs, continuation was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. Different doses of the LNG did not appear to influence efficacy over three years. In another study, the number of women that continued to use the contraceptive method for at least three years after the end of the trial was similar to that for the Coc. In the trial comparing LNG, the trial showed similar efficacy over one and three years, but there were too few women in the trial to be able to draw any firm conclusions. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting. We considered the overall quality of evidence to be moderate to low. The current evidence was insufficient to compare efficacy and continuation rates for hormonal methods in women aged 25 years and younger.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared immunotherapy with placebo or inhaled steroids for the treatment of people with asthma. We found eight new trials (13 new trials). There were 42 trials of immunotherapy for house mite allergy; 27 pollen allergy trials; 10 animal dander allergy trials, two Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex and six trials looking at multiple allergens. Overall, there was a significant reduction in asthma symptoms and medication, and improvement in bronchial hyper-reactivity following immunotherapy. It would have been necessary to treat three patients (95% CI 3 to 5) with immunotherapy to avoid one worsening of asthma symptoms. There was no consistent effect on lung function. Allergen immunotherapy significantly reduced allergen specific asthma symptoms, with some reduction in non-specific asthma symptoms as well. One trial found that the size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled corticosteroids. Overall, four patients would have needed to be treated with four immunotherapy treatments to avoid a worsening of their asthma symptoms to avoid increased medication. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered. If 16 patients received immunotherapy, one would be expected to develop a local adverse reaction (of any severity). If nine patients were treated with immune globulin, one could develop a systemic reaction. 
We found six randomised controlled trials involving 1297 patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury. Five trials had a low risk of bias and one trial had an unclear risk. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 0.88); hospital mortality was reduced by 0.80 (RR 1.13, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.45). Overall mortality was not significantly different if a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in the control group was used. The effects on long-term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded. Clinical heterogeneity, such as different lengths of follow up and higher plateau pressure in control arms in two trials, makes the interpretation of the combined results difficult. Ventilation with lower tidal volumes is becoming a routine strategy of treatment of respiratory distress and lung injury, stopping investigators from carrying out additional trials.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1833 participants. We found that the intravenous technique is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. Pooled analyses for adverse events suggest lower risk of nausea and vomiting with propofol than with sevorol (low-quality evidence), and greater risk of haemodynamic changes (changes in the blood vessels) and shivering or pain, but no differences in the risk of shivering and pain. Pooling analyses for brain relaxation suggest less risk of tense brain (tension of the brain) with proporol compared with isofol, but there is no difference in the number of times the brain relaxes (tense brain). Pooled results from two trials suggest that time to emerge from anaesthetic, that is, time needed to follow verbal commands, was longer with isvofol (mean difference (MD) -3.29 minutes, 95% confidence interval (CI) -5.41 to -1.18, four studies, low-quality quality evidence). However, time to emergence from the anaesthesia was not different with se vorol when compared with prop ofol (MD 0.28 minutes, four trials). These results should be interpreted with caution. Randomized controlled trials based on uniform and standard methods are needed. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
Four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients were identified. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660). The combined results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment (Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) = 0.42, 95% CI 0.30, 0.53). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were reduced significantly in three trials assessing this outcome. Three trials reported adverse effects requiring discontinuation of treatment and the combined results indicated no difference (OR = 1.01, 95%. When analysed separately, however, more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies.  Analysis of the included studies in this review was problematic as many of the control subjects received antihypertensive treatment because their blood pressures exceeded pre-set values. This introduced bias. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the majority of articles due to a lack of reported data; however, the authors determined that this would be unlikely to impact negatively as most data outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCRA in non-complex lesions. In complex lesions, there were no statistically significant differences in re-stenosis rates at six months and at one year (RR 1.05; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.83 to 1.33) and in the risk of perforation and transient vessel occlusion. PTCRA/PTCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period. Compared to angioplasty alone, the combination resulted in a higher incidence of major adverse events, but patients were more likely to experience vascular spasm, perforations and transient vessels occlusions while angiographic dissections and stents used as a bailout procedure were less common. There is limited published evidence and no long-term data to support the routine use of P TCRA in in-stent re-stosis. When conventional PTCA is feasible, it appears to confer no additional benefits. Morphological characteristics distinguishing complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised controlled trials. In certain circumstances, such as patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTC a), PTC RA may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures.
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants were identified, two of which were multicentre trials comprising only participants positive for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled participants clinically diagnosed with bronchiolitis from a hospital in Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as a daily or a twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebulising salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. Adjuctive therapy did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or intensive care unit (ICU) admission. In one RCT, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis. Two of these patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after the treatment. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste in 11 patients from both treatment groups. The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use of this treatment in children under 24 months of age. It might have a role in severe asthma, but further clinical studies would need to be performed.
Two studies with a total of 181 participants met the inclusion criteria, 116 undergoing the percutaneous technique and 65 treated by cut-down femoral artery access. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found no significant difference in mortality between groups, with only one mortality occurring overall, in the totally percutaneously treated group (moderate-quality evidence). Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study, we observed only one failure of the procedure. No wound infections occurred in either group. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two groups, or in bleeding complications and haematoma (blood clots). There was a difference in operating time between groups. We detected differences in surgery time, with surgery time being significantly faster than surgery time in the group treated with the cut-up femoral arteries. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate due to the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. There were no differences between groups for bleeding complications, major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications, and high-quality quality evidence for no difference between the groups. Only one of the studies reported duration of ITU (intensive treatment unit) and hospital stay, with no difference found between groups and no differences in length of hospital stay. We rated the quality of evidence as moderate as the number of included studies was limited, and the results were imprecise. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future. Further research into this technique would be beneficial.
Two randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria. The sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. Discontinuation rates were higher at 12 months as well. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL compared with placebo. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program for cognitive deficits but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. There is supportive evidence that donepezil may have a role in treating cognitive deficits in adults with primary or metastatic brain tumours who have been treated with cranial irradiation. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenidate and modafinil arms. The second study combined treatment arms and found improvements across all cognitive tests, however, a number of adverse events were reported. Both studies were limited by a small sample size. Patient withdrawal affected the statistical power of both studies. There was no strong evidence to support any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or amelionation of cognitive disorders. Non-randomised studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. Further research is required.
Two studies were included in this review. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the estimates were imprecise. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another. No studies reported on the effects of the intervention on the remaining primary outcomes of pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. No study reported on quality of life or adverse events. The overall quality of the evidence was very low due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, the imprecision of the results and the small number of participants included in the studies. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions to improve the symptoms of patients who have suffered an injury to the nerves. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and the effects on delayed treatment.
Two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) met our inclusion criteria. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. This study showed no statistically significant difference between using combined oestrogen and progestogen and using placebo for all our proposed primary outcomes, namely, miscarriage, perinatal death and preterm birth (less than 34 weeks of gestation). The second study (based on pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF) showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the women in the treatment group and those in the no treatment group (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.23 to 1.85). The study did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal deaths or rates of preterm births), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. In terms of our secondary outcomes, there was an increased risk of maternal cancer in the reproductive system in the mothers, but there was no difference between groups. Similarly, there were no differences between the groups for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract (e.g. cancer other than the reproductive tract) in the females, cancer in a woman's reproductive system, or cancer in her reproductive tract in her offspring. There is not enough evidence from randomised trials to assess the use of combined hormone and progesterone for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
There were fourteen studies (16 comparisons) with extractable data included in the review, of which ten studies examined TCAs, two examined SSRIs and two included both classes, all compared with placebo. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. For SSRI's this was 1.28 and 1.43 respectively. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (patient expected event rate ranged from 63% to 26% respectively) and for SSRI’s from 7.7 to 8 (patient expect event rate ranging from 48% to 42% respectively). The number needed to harm (NNH for withdrawal due to side effects) ranged from 4 to 30 for TCA (excluding three studies with no harmful events leading to withdrawal) and 20 to 90 for SSRI. Both TCAs and SSRI are effective for depression treated in primary care.
We found nine studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) that compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparators. All studies treated attacks with single doses of medication. The studies were randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and double-randomized controlled trials. The results showed that the higher dose of 400 mg was better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief, but not for 24-hour sustained headache relief. The higher dose did not differ from rofecoxib 25 mg for pain relief or for 24 hours after the attack. Soluble formulations were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but did not provide complete relief from pain and associated symptoms. Similar numbers of participants experienced side effects, which were mostly mild and transient. Adverse events were mostly minor and transient, occurring at the same rate as with placebo. We found no new studies since the last version of this review.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye). Due to the heterogeneity of study characteristics among the included trials with respect to types of diagnostic criteria, interventions, comparisons, and measurements taken, our ability to perform meta-analyses was limited. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based tears in two trials assessing this comparison (175 participants). All other included artificial tears produced contradictory results or found no between-group differences. Our review also found that OTCificial tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. This conclusion could be greatly skewed by the inconsistencies in study designs and inconsistencies in reporting trial results. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias. Additional research is therefore needed before we can draw robust conclusions about the effectiveness of individual OTC Artificial tear formulations.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared maintaining lamivudine in second-line regimens or not. There was no difference in the proportion of patients with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamvudine (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in virological outcomes. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-line failure on non-thymidine analog combinations. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimens is encouraging. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We found seven different tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of tests. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and in different types of patients. Difficult face mask ventilation was the reference standard in seven studies, difficult laryngoscopy in 92 studies, and difficult tracheal intubation in 50 studies. For the prespecified index tests, we found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampathi test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance and 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. The tests were designed as screening tests, for assessing the physical status of the airway in adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for the different domains; we mostly observed low risk of systematic bias for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of statistical bias for reference standard and index test. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains. Screening tests are expected to have high sensitivities. In contrast, specificities were consistently and markedly higher than sensitivities across all tests. We could only estimate summary sensitivity (0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.39) and specificity (1.0 to 1.2) for difficult face masks ventilation, and we could not estimate the sensitivity and specificity of the tested tests. For difficult larynx examination, we could only assess summary sensitivity of 0.67 (95% CI 0.13 to 0%.33) and the specificity of this test ranged from 0.80 (95%) to 095 (95%). The upper lip test provided the highest sensitivity compared to the other tests (P < 0.001). For difficult tracation, we were able to assess the most favourable diagnostic test accuracy properties (P = 0.01) for the tested test (P= 0.05). The modified Mallamati test had the highest specificity for diagnosing difficult tragation compared to all other tests. In conclusion, the standard bedside airway examination tests should be interpreted with caution, as they do not appear to be good screening tests. Given the paucity of available data, future research is needed to develop tests with high sensitivity to make them useful.
Sixty-three studies met the inclusion criteria with a total of 8014 participants. Of these, 56 trials recruited infants and young children. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotic intervention. Probiotics reduced the duration of diarrhoea, although the size of the effect varied considerably between studies. The differences in effect size between studies was not explained by study quality, probiotic strain, the number of different strains, the viability of the organisms, dosage of organisms, or the severity of the diarrhoee, or whether the studies were done in developed or developing countries.
We included only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants). The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term and medium-term (between six and 12 months) effects of the intervention versus standard care. The intervention group was favoured over standard care for social functioning in both the short term (2.10, 95% CI -4.66 to 0.46) and medium term (4.60 to 1.20, Very low quality); however, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results concerning engagement with non-inpatient services favoured the intervention group both in the short and medium terms. Results for the adverse effects/events of death (measured by 12 months), favoured the treatment group but with no statistical significance, with slight favour of the control group at medium term. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits of the treatment. Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of this newly-formulated therapy. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies. Five (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. Two studies (1492 participants began initial dose titration, 687 participants randomised) had an enriched enrolment randomised withdrawal (EERW) design, in which those with good pain relief after titration were randomly allocated to continuing the effective dose (300 to 600 mg preregabalin daily, or a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks) or to continuing to take placebo for 12 or 13 weeks. One small study (177 participants) compared nightly with twice-daily or once-daily treatment, and concluded there was no difference in effect. Studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF) imputation method used in analyses of the primary outcomes could overestimate treatment effect. The quality of the evidence ranged from high to very high. We found that the number of participants experiencing substantial benefit (at least 50% pain intensity reduction after at least 12 weeks' stable treatment) was increased by about 14% of participants with placebo, but by about 9% more with the 600 mg dose (high quality evidence). Substantial benefit was experienced by about 28% of people with placebo and by about 11% more people with the 300 to 600mg dose. The number of people experiencing moderate benefit increased by at least 30% (moderate quality evidence) by 12 weeks after 12 weeks of treatment. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the MTR outcome, similar to the result from studies of classic design. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced adverse events. Specific adverse events (dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema) were more common with the 450 mg dose than with placebo. Serious adverse events did not differ between active treatment groups and placebo. Withdrawals due to adverse events were about 10% higher with the 400 mg dose, but withdrawals due to lack of efficacy were about 6% lower (high-quality evidence). Withdrawal due to side effects were about 2% more frequent with the 1000 mg dose compared to the 300 mg dose. Serious side effects did not change between active and placebo (very low quality evidence), and withdrawals for any reason were about 1% more common in studies of standard design than with studies of 'classic design'. The number needed to harm was about 3.7, 7.4, 18, and 19 respectively for all doses combined. The NNT was 5, but normalised to the starting population tested it was 12. A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged between 7 and 14. We identified two new published studies with classic design, and one new published study with an EERW design.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term). An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment. The included trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo and was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth (mean difference (MD) -0.20 weeks; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.62 to 0.22; 135 infants). There were no significant differences seen between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section. There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the magnesium sulfate group than in the placebo group (RR 3.81, 95% CI 2.22 to 6.53; 135 women). However, no difference in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment was observed. There is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphates when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus. High-quality randomised trials are needed to determine the safety profile and neurological outcomes for the preterm fetus. Strategies to reduce side effects during treatment also require evaluation.
The purpose of this review was to assess the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review. Two used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a statistically and clinically significant effect in favour of the intervention (risk ratio 1.43, 95%CI 1.03 to 1.98, p=0.032), however following sensitivity analysis a statistically non-significant effect was observed, however this was based on a small number of studies. A significant health disparity exists, whereby Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. More rigorous trials are now required to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco related health disparities in Indigenous and non-Indigenous populations. Due to the lack of published investigations, the external validity of the results is limited, as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for meta-analysis. All 13 studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28 days, 30 days, 60 days or ICU mortality). The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality was 1.02 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96 to 1.09) and for the studies of patients undergoing surgery patients the RR was 0.98. Of the eight studies of surgery patients, five evaluated the effectiveness of pre-operative optimization but there was no difference in mortality when these studies were examined separately. PAC did not affect general ICU LOS (reported by four studies) or hospital LOS. Four studies, conducted in the United States (US), reported costs based on hospital charges billed, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Two of these studies qualified for analysis and did not show a statistically significant hospital cost difference (mean difference USD 900, 95% CI -2620 to 4420, P = 0.62). The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias. We judged the quality of the included studies to be at high risk of bias, which means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results. The evidence is current to January 2015. We found that PAC is a diagnostic and haemodynamic monitoring tool but not a therapeutic intervention. Efficacy studies are needed to determine if there are optimal PAC-guided management protocols, which when applied to specific patient groups in ICUs could result in benefits such as shock reversal, improved organ function and less vasopressor use. Newer, less-invasive monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC before clinical use in critically ill patients.
Six studies (n = 478) of variable quality were included in this review. A composite outcome of Infant Pain Scale (NIPS), Neonatal Facial Action Coding System (NFCS) and/or Premature Infant pain profile (PIPP) score was reported in 288 infants, who did not receive a sweet tasting solution. Meta-analysis showed a significant reduction in the number of skin punctures required for venepuncture versus the heel lance group (SMD -0.76, 95% CI -1.00 to 0.52; I2 = 0%). However, the SMD remained significant favouring the venepentry group when a sweet-tasting solution was provided prior to either procedure. The typical RD for requiring more than one skin puncture (reported in 4 studies; n = 254) was 3 (95% CI 2 to 4). Cry characteristics favoured the blood-sucking technique but the differences were reduced by the provision of sweet tasting solutions prior to both procedures. Venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet taste solution further reduces the pain. Further well designed randomised controlled trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedures.
Two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry have been included. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia (a secondary outcome measure for this review) at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between both groups. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months after surgery, although by six months there was no difference between the two groups. Significantly more women in the secondary sutured group had resumed intercourse by the end of two months, but there was not enough evidence to support or refute this outcome. Neither of the two trials included data for the following outcomes: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineal wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support the use of secondary suture for the management of broken down perineals following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included RCTs separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, precluding any pooling of results. Most Chinese medical herbs in the included studies showed similar effects to antiviral medicines in preventing or treating influenza. Few were shown to be superior to antivirals. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which adverse reactions were mentioned in the amantdine group although no data were reported). There were no significant differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. Ten studies reported mild adverse reactions, but no obvious side effects were reported. No obvious adverse events were reported in all included studies. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. More high-quality studies with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
The evidence is current to May 2014. We searched for studies that compared different treatments for the treatment of HD catheters. We included 8 studies with a total of 580 participants. The studies were conducted in hospitals in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. We found that thrombolytic therapy may restore catheter function when compared to placebo, but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits, high risk of bias and imprecision in the estimates of adverse events (149 participants). Based on low certainty evidence, thrombosporine therapy may be effective in the immediate treatment of dysfunctional HD catheter. The evidence is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to be at high risk for bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. There is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of side effects. There was no evidence to support physical intervention over the use of pharmaceutical agents in the acute setting. Pharmacological interventions appear to have a bridging role and long-term catheter survival may be improved by fibrin sheath disruption and is probably superior following catheter exchange. Catheter exchange was reported to be superior to catheter disruption with respect to survival (30 participants). Catheter patency is poor following use of blood clotting agents with studies reporting a median catheter death rate of 14 to 42 days and was improved significantly by catheter removal or by over-the-wire exchange. Based on the available evidence, physical disruption of a sheath using interventional radiology techniques appears to be equally efficacious as using a pharmaceutical drug for the immediate management of a dysfunctional catheter (57 participants). There is no evidence favouring any of these approaches for the short-term management of catheter dysfunction. The quality of the evidence was low due to limitations in the design of the included studies, the small numbers of participants enrolled in the studies and the risk of being influenced by the pharmaceutical industry. Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD cathetes.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment comparisons), published time-to-event data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no significant heterogeneity. We found no difference in time to progression between these regimens. Addition of one or more drugs to the treatment regimen shows a statistically significant advantage for cancer response in women with metastatic breast cancer, although we observed significant heterogeneity for this outcome across the trials. The positive effect on cancer response was also associated with increased toxicity. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia were more common with the added drug.
Ten random or quasi-random controlled trials reported on a total of 1896 patients. One study compared a NLU for the chronically critically ill with ICU care. There was no statistically significant effect on inpatient mortality or mortality to longest follow up. However, higher quality studies showed a larger non-significant increase in inpatient deaths (OR 1.52, 95% CI 0.86 to 2.68). Discharge to institutional care was reduced for the NLU and functional status at discharge increased but there was a near significant increase in the length of inpatient stay (WMD 5.13 days). Early readmissions were reduced (OR 0.52). Mortality and length of stay did not differ but the possibility of increased early mortality cannot be discounted. No statistically significant adverse effects were noted. There is some evidence that patients discharged from aNLU are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of hospital stay. Costs of care were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two trials compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence that one therapeutic ultrasound regimen is more efficacious than another. Only two studies reported the primary outcome of interest, short-term overall improvement (any measure in which patients indicate the intensity of their complaints compared with baseline, for example, global rating of improvement, satisfaction with treatment, within three months post-treatment). One low quality trial with 68 participants found that when compared with placebo at the end of seven weeks treatment, therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of experiencing short- term overall improvement when compared to placebo, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low quality study with 60 participants showed that at three months after treatment therapeutic ultrasound plus splint increased the chance that patients rated their satisfaction with the treatment compared with splint alone. However, there was a potential unit of analysis error. There was insufficient evidence to support the greater benefit of one type of ultrasound regimen over another. Differences between groups receiving different frequencies and intensities of ultrasound, and between ultrasound and other non-Surgical interventions, were generally small and not statistically significant for symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters. No studies reported any adverse effects of therapeutic ultrasound, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. More adverse effects data are required before any firm conclusions can be made. More methodologically rigorous studies are needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of ultrasound for CTS.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a type of cholesterol-lowering drug), clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. Fixed-effect analysis showed no overall effect on stroke recurrence but statin therapy alone had a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular events in those with a previous history of stroke or TIA. There was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death. Three statin trials showed a reduction in subsequent serious vascular events (such as heart attacks and heart failure) but only marginally reduced the risk of stroke. There is no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in patients with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later. In view of this, patients with a history of ischaemic stroke and TIA, with or without established CHD, should receive statins.
Eleven studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. Among seven studies reporting smoking prevalence, significant decreases were observed in the California and Massachusetts statewide tobacco control campaigns compared with the rest of the USA. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found statistically significant decreases. Among the eight studies presenting abstinence or quit rates, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the start of the programme. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed positive effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence (Sydney). Among the three that did not show significant decreases, one demonstrated a significant intervention effect on smokers and ex-smokers combined. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender. There is evidence that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include mass media campaigns can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for meta-analysis. Thirteen studies had low risk of selection bias, five studies reported adequate blinding of outcome assessment and 15 studies had no attrition bias. Moderate-quality evidence showed that yoga improved health-related quality of life (10 studies, 675 participants), reduced fatigue (11 studies, 883 participants) and reduced sleep disturbances in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression (seven studies, 496 participants), anxiety (three studies, 195 participants) or fatigue (two studies, 146 participants). Three studies that compared yoga versus exercise showed no short-term effects on health- related quality of lives or fatigue or sleep disturbances. Very low-quality quality evidence showed no effect of yoga on depression, anxiety or fatigue. No trial adequately reported safety-related data. Four studies comparing yoga versus psychosocial/educational interventions provided moderate- quality evidence indicating that yoga can reduce depression and anxiety (four studies, 226 participants), fatigue and sleep disturbances (Two studies, 106 participants). Very low quality evidence suggests that yoga might be as effective as other exercise interventions and might be used as an alternative to other exercise programmes. Investigators reported no serious adverse events. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
We included one study in this review that compared post-operative imaging within 48 hours after surgery for glioblastoma (GBM: World Health Organization (WHO) grade 4 glioma). Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference in overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM (48% vs 55% died and 86% vs 81% died, respectively; very low certainty evidence). No other review outcomes were reported. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we identified no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. Existing imaging schedules in GBM seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based. Mathematical modelling of a large patient database could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of gliomas, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other prognostic factors. The limited evidence suggests that early post-operative brain imaging among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment may make no difference to survival, particularly as this may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine groups and numbers of participants with parkinsonism at eight weeks were similar (2 RCTs, n = 70, RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.46 to 2.03, very low quality evidence). There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of clinical improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiabine fails to provide high-quality trial based data.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion. Probiotics were not superior to placebo for any outcome measured. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics appeared to reduce the risk of clinical and endoscopic recurrence relative to placebo. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious adverse events. Azathioprine/6MP or infliximab all appear to be superior for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. Neither agent had a higher risk than placebo of serious side effects. Mesalamine therapy was associated with a significantly reduced risk of both clinical recurrence and severe endoscopy recurrence when compared with placebo. There was no significant difference between mesalamine and azathiopine for any other outcome. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for pre-operative prophylaxis.
We included seven trials (825 participants) in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme, brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. We found no significant difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol abstinence assessed with Substance Abuse Calendar and breathalyser at one year: risk ratio (RR) 2.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.10 to 55.06); and retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment, or for any of the secondary outcomes reported. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. The quality of evidence for the primary outcome was very low. We did not find any difference in effectiveness between the interventions for the other primary outcome (alcohol use, measured as scores on the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) or Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) at three months: standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.07 (95%, 95% CI -0.24 to 0.37). There was no difference between the intervention groups for the retention of alcohol use or retention of the alcohol in the treatment programme, or retention in the control group, or the other secondary outcome reported. We rated the quality of the evidence for all outcomes as low to very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results of the review. We judged the evidence to be of low quality because of the small number of participants in the included in the trials, the small sample size, and the small numbers of participants included in some of the included studies. The evidence was of low or very low quality for all of the main outcomes.
We found 23 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described randomisation and allocation concealment adequately. We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. Quinine was compared to placebo (20 trials, 1140), vitamin E (four trials, 543), a quinine-vitamin E combination (three trials, 510), and xylocaine injections into the gastrocnemius muscle (one trial, one trial, 24). The most commonly used dose was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg daily). The quality of the evidence was low to moderate for cramp number and cramp days and moderate for the number of cramp intensity. Compared to placebo, the use of theophylline significantly reduced cramp numbers over two weeks by 28%, cramp severity by 10%, and cramps days by 20%. Cramp duration was not significantly affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor adverse events on quine than placebo (risk difference (RD) 3%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0% to 6%), mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. There is moderate quality evidence that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious adverse events is not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials, but in the included trials there was no significant difference in major adverse events compared with placebo. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (0.12% risk), a blood clot in the leg, and one person suffered from an allergic reaction (0% risk). Based on a single trial comparison, quinines alone were significantly less effective than a combination but with no significant differences in adverse events. Evidence from single trials suggests that theophyLLine combined with quinsine improves cramps more than quinsines alone, and the effects of xylocalaine injections are not significantly different to quinins. A quinined combination, vitamin E combination, and vitamin E alone were not significantly better than quininine across all outcomes, including adverse effects. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. The search for new therapies, pharmacological and nonpharmacological, should continue and further research into these alternatives, as well other pharmacological treatments, is thus warranted. Because serious side effects are not common, large population studies are required to more accurately inform incidence. Longer lengths of follow-up in future trials will help determine the duration of action following cessation of treatment as well as long-term side effects. There was no evidence to judge optimal dosage or duration of treatment. The evidence is current to May 2014.
We identified seven trials (five parallel, two cross-over) enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers. Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramps or disease state-associated cramps (for example amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease). The evidence is current to February 2019. For idiopatic cramps, magnesium did not significantly reduce the number of cramps per week at four weeks. The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group. Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found in measures of cramp intensity (moderate quality evidence) or cramp duration (low quality evidence). The two trials comparing magnesium to placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the numbers of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramp. In contrast, for those experiencing pregnant-associated rest cramps the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is needed.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was evaluator-blinded, but personnel and participants could not be blinded to the intervention, which placed the results at a high risk of bias. The trial used change in walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a measure of function; a minimal detectable change is 24.0 m. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in the training group (9.4 m) was not detectably different from the change in the usual care group (-0.14 m) (mean difference (MD) 9.54 m, 95% confidence interval (CI) -83.04 to 102.12; N = 12). Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity, assessed by the change of peak oxygen uptake (VO2max) was similar between the training and usual care groups. A clinically meaningful increase in VO2max is 3.5 mL/kg/min. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT) total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). The change in MMT total score was 6.8 in the strength group compared to -5.14 in the control group (MD 11.94, 95%, 95% CI -3.44 to 27.32). The trial stated that training had no statistically significant effects on fatigue and quality of life. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people with this condition and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
Two trials (N = 149) were included in this review. One trial (81 patients with cervical spondylotic radiculopathy) found that surgical decompression was superior to physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilization in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. The other trial (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelopathy) did not find any differences between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. A substantial proportion of cases were lost to follow-up. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery on the outcomes of patients with spinal cord injury. There is low quality evidence that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy or immobilization, but there is little or no difference in the long-term. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of patients included in the trials and the lack of blinding of outcome assessment. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care; four by a doctor, one by a nurse and one by the clinic clerk. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found a significant increase in return consultations. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. Seven studies looked at accident and emergency department visits, six showed no difference between the groups and one, of nurse telephone consultation, found an increase in visits. Two studies reported deaths and found a difference between nurse telephone triage and normal care. Three studies compared different types of health care workers; two compared nurses with doctors and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. Further rigorous evaluation is needed with emphasis on service use, safety, cost and patient satisfaction.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants in this review. Most of the studies were conducted in higher risk groups (e.g. university or college students) and were of high quality. We found no clear evidence that MI reduces alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. At four or more months follow-up, we found some statistically significant effects in favour of MI for the quantity of alcohol consumed, frequency of alcohol consumption, and peak blood alcohol concentration, or BAC, or a reduction from 0.144% to 0.131%. We also found a marginal effect for alcohol problems and a reduction in an alcohol problems scale score from 8.91 to 8.18, and no effects for binge drinking or for average BAC. However, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Further analyses showed that there was no clear relationship between the duration of the MI intervention (in minutes) and effect size. Subgroup analyses revealed no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes for assessment only versus alternative intervention controls; for university/college vs other settings; or for higher risk vs all/low risk participants. None of the trials reported harms related to MI. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence.
This review includes 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition biases and at high risk for biases associated with blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. Most included studies did not report important improvement in clinical outcomes. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for asthma control and quality of life but generally did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits for adults or children. We found no evidence about harms. For both adults and children, how and when inhaler technique was assessed appeared to affect whether it improved and by how much, although the variety of checklists used meant that this was difficult to assess reliably. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique were generally more useful than checklist scores. Adult studies of enhanced education showed benefit when this metric was used immediately after the intervention and at the end of the study. However, the benefit of multi- media training for adults was uncertain, and evidence tended to be less clear for children, usually because results were based on fewer and smaller studies. The quality of evidence ranged from low to moderate. Confidence intervals included no difference or did not reach a threshold that could be considered clinically important. Some studies reported exacerbations in a way that allowed meta-analysis; others provided inconclusive results. The variety of interventions and measurement methods used hampered our ability to perform meta-analyses and led to low- to moderate confidence in our findings. Guidelines consistently recommend that clinicians check regularly the inhaler techniques of their patients; what is not clear is how clinicians can most effectively intervene if they find a patient's technique to be inadequate, and whether such interventions will have a discernible impact on clinical outcomes such as exacerbations, adverse events, unscheduled visits to a healthcare provider and absenteeism from work or school.
Three small trials, involving 226 participants, were included in this review. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials included participants with CT-verified ICH. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. Death and disability could be calculated in the larger ICH trial without differences between the mannitol and control groups. The proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition did not differ significantly between patients and controls. Case fatality was not reported in either trial. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. Based on these three trials neither beneficial nor harmful effects could be proved. The confidence intervals for the treatment effect estimates were wide and included both clinically significant benefits and clinically significant harms as possibilities. There is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannitor in acute stroke patients. Further trials are needed.
Six randomised controlled trials were identified, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was observed when compared to placebo for all three-dose ranges and for most outcome measures including: tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. The difference for ESR was -10.6 mm/hr. Similar results were observed for the higher dose group. Total withdrawals were significantly higher in the moderate and high dosage groups (OR=1.63 and 2.13 respectively), mostly due to increased adverse reactions (OR = 2.60 and 4.95 respectively), including renal and hematological abnormalities. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
We found four relevant trials. All of the studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, and the fourth study compared the decoctions of Huangqi with two other Chinese herbal interventions. None of the included studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoications of Chinese herbs were given in addition to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (WBC <3 x 10^9 per L). Huangqi drugs were associated with increases in the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3; CD4 and CD8. Huangqi had no significant effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. Due to the methodological limitations of these studies, there is no robust demonstration of benefit. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbal treatments for chemotherapy-related side effects. We need high quality randomised controlled studies.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated vitamin A and DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated DHA and vitamin A versus vitamin A. None of the RCTs had protocols available, so selective reporting bias was unclear for all. All three trials were graded as low risk of bias for all other domains. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any of the other trials. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. We did not perform meta-analysis due to clinical heterogeneity of participants and interventions across the included trials. Based on the results of three trials, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A or DHA for people with RP, in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG Amplitudes at one year and the average change in vision at five years follow-up. In future trials, since some of the studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months. Of the two RCTs investigating job loss, the larger one reported a large statistically significant reduction in job loss (relative risk (RR) = 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.18 to 0.68) and the other RCT (n = 140) reported similar effects in both groups, although the CI was very wide. The latter one probably suffered from performance bias and we judged it to have a high risk of bias. The one small trial investigating work functioning using the Rheumatoid Arthritis-Work Instability Scale (RA-WIS), there was a moderate improvement of intermediate term work functioning (six months). We identified no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. The results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective.
We identified three randomised controlled trials that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine) from three countries. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found that the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC (any stage) was 6 (95% CI 4 to 10). The number of deaths due to any cause was not significantly different between the treatment and control or no treatment groups (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.41 to 1.45; I2 = 42%) (RD -0.10 to 0.04). Results showed clinical heterogeneity in mortality rates. Arginine supplementation was associated with a significant reduction in death related to NEC. The quality of the evidence was moderate. Results showed no significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months of age. Investigators noted no significant side effects directly attributable to the treatment, including hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small studies that included 285 infants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed.
We included four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg. No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses of inoperable INCS. Current evidence is limited for the use of intramuscular INCS as a monotherapy or as an adjuvant therapy to antibiotics. Clinicians should weigh the modest but clinically important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy.
The review of trials found that the use of vancomycin in low doses reduced the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcal infections in eligible preterm infants. Mortality, length of stay, and evidence of side effects were not significantly different between the two groups. The methodologies of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of septis in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines may have failed to grow due to the lower levels of antibiotic in the infusate. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials. Few clinically important benefits have been demonstrated for very low birth weight infants treated with antibiotics. It therefore appears that routine prophylaxis with antibiotics should not be undertaken at present.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different types of dressing or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by secondary intention. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found 14 studies that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The studies were of poor quality and included only a small number of participants. We were unable to determine whether the choice of dressing, or topical agent, affects the healing of surgical wounds in people after amputation. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression. There were no statistically significant differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate; 11 trials).  PAIN: Gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings (4 trials). Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied compared with those receiving alternative dressings. Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.  LENGTH of HOSPITAL STAY: Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay when plaster casts were applied compared to elastic compression (WMD -30.10 days; 95% CI -49.10 to -10.38 days). We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine if the choice between dressing and topical agent affects the wound healing.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where women are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that included 1482 women. Five were published before 1985 and six were published from 2005 to 2014. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. The others studied POPs, COCs, and POPs versus POPs or an implant. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk volume, or infant growth. Two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on breastfeeding duration. One trial did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of women breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group (reported P < 0.05) but no significant difference at one year. For breastfeeding volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. The other showed lower means (mL) at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks (MD -24.00, 95% CI -34.53 to -13.47). For breast milk weight gain, one showed greater weight gain (grams) for the implant versus no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. Of four trials that assessed infant growth, three indicated no difference between groups. One showed more weight gain in the implant group but less in the DMPA group. Of six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data, five trials indicated no significant differences in the insertion time of the implant. Five trials showed no difference in the duration of breastfeeding duration between groups in insertion times, but did not show any significant difference between the groups in breastfeeding volume or weight gain. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COC or POPs. Of the remaining four trials, the quality of the evidence was low because of the small number of women included in the studies and the small numbers of women. The results were not consistent across the 11 trials.
No randomised controlled trials were identified but 10 controlled before-after studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA met our inclusion criteria. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. Most evaluations did not adjust for RTM or spillover, affecting their accuracy. Total crashes: the only study that adjusted for both reported a rate ratio of 0.71 (95% CI to 0.55, 0.93); for three that partially adjusted for spillover but failed to consider RTM, the rate ratio was 0.87. Right-angle casualty crashes: two studies that partially addressed RTM were too small to be included in the pooled rate ratio from the five studies with no adjustments. Red-light violations: one study found that red-light cameras are effective in reducing total casualty crashes. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific casualty collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
Four randomised controlled trials involving 494 participants were included in this review. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram in patients with acute thromboembolism (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, with the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB = 3, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2 to 4) with NNTB = 5 (95% CI 3 to 28). Another study, consisting of both inpatients and outpatients, showed no difference. No difference was observed in the number of participants with recurrent venous thrombolism at 90 days when the 10 mg nomogram of 10 mg was compared with the 5 mg, although with substantial heterogeneity (I2 = 90%). The review authors analyzed each study separately because it was not possible to perform a subgroup analysis by inpatient or outpatient status. No differences were observed in minor bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of hospital stay (2 studies, 243 participants, very low quality evidence) or in major bleeding (1 study, 111 participants, moderate quality evidence). Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly caused by differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding the use of 10- or 5-mg loading dose for initiation of warfarins to achieve an INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy.
We included seven randomised controlled trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with a conventional care model. One trial compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one domain. As subgroups of larger trials, the analyses lacked power to detect differences between the intervention groups. Furthermore, there were some important differences in baseline characteristics of participants between the experimental and control groups. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was only very low certainty for our other primary outcome, activities of daily living and functional performance, therefore we were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise, and the overall certainty for most results was very low. The certainty of the evidence for all outcomes was low or very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results. We found limited evidence that enhanced care and rehabilitation in the hospital may reduce rates of postoperative delirium and reduce the length of hospital stay for people with dementia who have been treated for hip fracture. However, the certainty of these results is low. There is also low-certainty evidence that, compared to conventional management, geriatricians-led management may lead to shorter hospital stays. Data were available from only a small number of trials and the certainty for all other results was low. Determining the optimal strategies to improve outcomes for this growing population of patients should be a research priority.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; two studies reported a reduction in the length of hospital stay with no difference in the hospital readmission rates. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits to the family. Three studies reported improved parental satisfaction with home-based care. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported in one study. By contrast, one study each reported no impact on parental burden of care or on functional status of children. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction. Overall increased parental satisfaction was reported by three studies. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
The evidence is current to January 2016. We included 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 7524 participants. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. ICM was compared with standard care for the outcome service use, ICM slightly reduced the number of days in hospital per month (n = 3595, 24 RCTs, MD -0.86, 95% CI -1.37 to -034,low-quality evidence). Similarly, for the outcomes global state, the results showed that ICM reduced the numbers of people leaving the trial early (n= 1798, 13 RCTS, RR 0.68, 95%) and the number leaving the intervention early (1798, 17 studies, low-quality quality evidence). For the outcome adverse events, the evidence showed that the effect of ICM may make little or no difference in reducing death by suicide. Similarly, there was uncertainty about whether ICM had an effect on unemployment due to very low quality evidence. Finally, for social functioning, we found uncertainty about how much ICM affected unemployment as compared to other interventions. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
Twenty-five trials contributed data to the quantitative synthesis in this review. All but one trial were at high risk of bias. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for meta-analysis of box training (248 participants) versus no supplementary training (216 participants). All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. There were no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. Box model training compared with no training: The time taken for task completion was significantly shorter in the box trainer group than the control group. There was no significant difference in the time taken to complete the task in the remaining three comparisons (reverse alignment versus forward alignment box training; box trainer suturing versus box trainer drills; and single incision versus multiport box training). One trial (36 participants) found significantly higher composite score with simple cardboard box trainer compared with conventional pelvic trainer (SMD 0.87; 95% CI 0.19 to 1.56). Another trial (22 participants) reported significantly higher score with reverse alignment compared with forward alignment. Three trials reported movement distance but could not be meta-analysed. None of the secondary outcomes were adequately reported in the trials. The effects of this decreased time on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs are unknown. There appears to be no significant differences in the improvement of technical skills between box training and no training in trainees with no previous laparoscopic experience. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance).
Two randomised clinical trials were eligible for inclusion in this review. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. The other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. Both trials had adverse events (pancreatitis, biliary tract infection, paranoid ideas, fluid retention) and had no clinical improvement, which led to termination of the trial. Patients had statistically significant higher serum bilirubin concentration after treatment with corticosteroids compared with placebo. No other statistically significant effects on clinical or biochemical outcomes were reported on any of the evaluated interventions. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of peroral glucocorticosteroid for the treatment of patients with sclerosis. The intrabiliary application of steroids via nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 284 participants. Seven trials addressed the timing of support (early versus delayed), data on mortality were obtained for all seven trials (284 participants). The relative risk (RR) for death with early nutritional support was 0.67 (95% CI 0.41 to 1.07). Data on disability were available for three trials. Five trials (207 participants) reported mortality. Two trials provided data on death and disability. The RR for death or disability at the end of follow-up was not estimable. One trial compared gastric versus jejunal enteral nutrition, there were no deaths and the RR was not estimated. Because early support often involves parenteral nutrition, three of the trials are also included in the previous analyses. This review suggests that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability compared with delayed support. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on the effect of early feeding on survival and on disability.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The main sources of bias were from attrition and participant blinding (36% and 21% of studies respectively, high risk of bias). Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% CI 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that participants who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) intervention participants drank one unit per occasion less than control participants. Only five small studies (390 participants) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. Thus, digital alcohol interventions produced broadly similar outcomes in these studies. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory, Transtheoretical Model and Social Norms Theory (6/20). Over half of the interventions (n = 21, 51%) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. There was no evidence of an association between reporting theory use and intervention effectiveness. A median of nine BCTs were used in experimental arms (range = 1 to 22). 'B' is an estimate of effect (MD in quantity of drinking, expressed in g/week) per unit increase in the BCT, and is a way to report whether individual BCTS are linked to the effect of the intervention (B -43.94, 95% CI -78.59 to -9.30), goal setting, problem solving, information about antecedents, behaviour substitution, and credible source were significantly associated with reduced alcohol consumption in unadjusted models. In a multivariable model that included BCT with B > 23 in the unadjusted model, 'B -95.12' was associated with a reduction in alcohol consumption. Substantial heterogeneity and risk of performance and publication bias may mean the reduction was lower. In fewer studies, fewer studies suggested there may be little or no difference in impact on alcohol consumption between digital interventions and face to face interventions.
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomly allocated to other active treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. We rated all studies as at unclear risk of bias in at least three domains. In addition, 20 of the 24 included studies were at a high risk of being biased in one way or another. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that benzodiazine may be more effective than placebo in the short-term treatment of panic disorders. We also found that the number of participants who responded to treatment was lower among participants treated with benzodizine than with placebo, but the number who dropped out of the study due to side effects was higher. The quality of evidence was low for both efficacy and acceptability. We judged the evidence for the other secondary outcomes as of very low quality. With the exception of the analyses of the change score data for depression and social functioning, all secondary outcome analyses showed an effect in favour of benzadiazepines compared to placebo, however, our analyses of adverse events showed that a higher proportion of participants experienced at least one adverse effect when treated with Benzodiazepine. The validity of these studies is questionable due to possible unmasking of allocated treatments, high dropout rates, and probable publication bias. Furthermore, the clinician's choice should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-term perspective. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzodazine versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. The review authors concluded that the evidence is of low quality due to the small number of included studies and the small numbers of participants.
We included 13 small randomised controlled trials (1520 participants) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. The duration and style of tai chi differed between trials. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias, and some studies were at high-risk of bias for allocation concealment (one study) and selective reporting (two studies). There was also considerable heterogeneity between studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine studies statistically for cardiovascular risk. Nine trials measured blood pressure, six individual trials found reductions in systolic blood pressure (reductions ranged from -22.0 mmHg (95% confidence interval (CI) -26.3 to -17.7) to -11.5 mmHG (CI -21.5 to -1.46)), two trials found no clear evidence of a difference (however, CIs were wide and an increase or decrease in blood pressure cannot be ruled out), and one trial found an increase in SBP (increase 5.2mmHg, 95% CI 3.73 to 6.67). A similar pattern was seen for DBP: three trials found a reduction in DBP (reduces ranged from 12.2 mmHmg (95%) to -4.43 mmHgh (CI 7.14 to -7.72)) and three trials did not find a difference, however again with wide CIs. Three trials reported lipid levels and two found reductions of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and triglycerides (total cholesterol, LDL-C and triglyceride reductions ranged from 1.30 mmol/L to -0.50 mmol/l (CI 1.57 to 1.03) and HDL-C increases ranged from 0.61% to 0.16%. Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai Chi improved quality of life at three months. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. No studies reported on cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (all studies had follow-up of one year or less). Due to the limited evidence available currently no conclusions can be drawn as to the effectiveness of Tai chi on CVD risk factors. There are currently no long-term trials examining the primary prevention of CVD.
Twenty-seven randomised controlled trials were included in this review. Twenty-three interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The interventions were very heterogeneous in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based interventions provided to all participants. These two groups of studies were considered separately. We were unable to extract data from all studies in a format that allowed inclusion in a meta-analysis. Nine studies (4810 participants) reporting smoking uptake amongst baseline non-smokers could be pooled, but eight studies with about 5000 participants could not be pooled because of insufficient data. Of the three studies with data, two RCTS with outcomes for 2301 baseline never smokers detected evidence of an effect (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.75 to 0.96) and one study with data for 1096 participants not restricted to never users at baseline also detected a benefit. Two studies in which some of the 4487 participants already had smoking experience at baseline did not detect evidence of effect. Eight RCTs compared a combined family plus school intervention to a school intervention only. One RCT also compared a family intervention with a school 'good behaviour' intervention and did not find a difference between the two types of programme. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to a control group receiving no intervention, than there were for other compairsons. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (which is usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. Based on this moderate quality evidence a family-based intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because effect estimates could not include all studies. The other five studies with 18,500 participants did not report data. The quality of the evidence was moderate quality because of the heterogeneity between studies.
Three studies met the inclusion criteria, enrolling 451 participants. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. The trial size varied from 51 to 280 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional treatments in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and corticosteroids. We included two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days in the meta-analysis for nausea intensity; no data were available that incorporated the same outcome measures for a third study. Corticosteroid therapy resulted in less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10, with a lower score indicating less nausea) compared to placebo (MD 0.48 lower nausea, 95% CI 1.53 lower to 0.57 higher; very low-quality evidence), although this result was not statistically significant (P = 0.37). Frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups, and all treatments were well tolerated. Subgroup analysis according to type of cancer was not possible due to insufficient data. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies. Factors limiting statistical analysis included the lack of standardised measurements of nausea and the use of different agents, dosages, and comparisons. There are few studies assessing the effects of steroids on nausea and vomiting not related to chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or surgery in adult cancer patients. Further high quality studies are needed to determine if steroids are efficacious in this setting.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345), four studies included cystic fibrosis ( 429) and one each sickle cell disease (219), cancer (160) and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders (n = 40). The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection, cyst fibrosis or cancer was moderate. Due to inadequate data, we were unable to rate the quality of evidence for two studies: one in children with sickle cells disease (low risk of bias), and another in low-birth weight newborns with respiratory disorders. There was no significant difference in the number of children who died or were admitted to hospital with a LRTI (two studies). There was a significant reduction in the rates of hospital admission per child-year of follow-up with antibiotic prophylaxis in one study (P value = 0.01). In two studies assessing the benefit of antibiotics for the prevention of pneumonia (pneumococcal septicaemia and Pseudomonas infections), there was no evidence of an increased risk of emergence of pathogenic strains of bacteria with the two studies reporting this outcome. However, there was scant reporting of antibiotic resistance - the one study that did assess this found no increase. The effect of antibiotics on growth was inconsistent across the studies. In one study, a significantly lesser proportion of children with pneumonia were reported to have developed pneumococcal infections (P values of 0.0025). In the other two studies, there were no significant differences in the incidence of pneumococcus infections. In two of the studies, a significant decrease in the frequency of pulmonary exacerbations was reported. There were no differences in quality of life (one study) or adverse events (three studies) between children who received antibiotics and those who did not. We found no evidence that there was an increase in antibiotic resistance in two studies.
We included nine randomised controlled trials, randomising 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. Four trials randomised participants to helium (69 participants) or carbon dioxide (75 participants) and one trial involving 33 participants did not state the number of participants in each group. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. Three trials (100 participants) compared room air to nitrous gas (100 people) and three trials (96 people) compared carbon dioxide to room air. One trial (76 people) tested room air versus room air under standard pressure (70 people). The trial was at unclear risk of biased. The quality of the current evidence is very low. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) with room air at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low quality evidence. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of room air on cardiopulmonary complications or surgical morbidity. There were no serious adverse events related to either room air or carbon air (three studies; 196 participants). There were three serious side effects (subcutaneous emphysema) related to helium. The evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that room air may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery. The trial did not report on the effects on quality of life, pain, or complications. The safety of nitrous, helium, and room air has yet to be established. Further trials on this topic are needed, and should compare various gases (i.e. nitrogen, argon, nitrogen, and nitrogen) with carbon dioxide under standard air pressure. The results of the present review should be interpreted with caution due to the very low quality of evidence.
Fourteen studies were included in this review. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies compared a high versus a moderate and five studies a moderate versus a low cumulative dexamethasone dose. Analysis of the studies investigating a moderate dose versus a high-dosage regimen showed an increased risk of BPD (typical risk ratio (RR) 150, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.01 to 2.22; typical risk difference (RD) 0.26, 0.03 to 0.49; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 4, 0%, 2 studies, 55 infants) as well as an increase in the risk of abnormal neurodevelopmental outcome. The composite outcomes of death or BPD and death or abnormal neuro developmental outcome showed similar results although the former only reached borderline significance. There were no differences in outcomes between a moderate- and a low dose regimen. The two RCTs investigating a continuous versus a pulse regimen showed no significant differences when using the pulse therapy. Finally, two trials investigating a standard regimen versus a participant-individualized course of corticosteroids showed no difference in the primary outcome and long-term outcomes. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ cortic steroidoids and lack of data in most studies. A well-designed large RCT is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal steroid dosage regimen. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher doses, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation for preventing BPD in preterm infants cannot be made based on current level of evidence.
Eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people with acute rheumatic fever were included in this review. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. Researchers compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone or dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulin versus aspirin, placebo or no treatment. Overall there were no observed significant differences in risk of heart disease at one year between corticosteroid-treated and aspirin-treated groups (six studies, 907 participants, risk ratio 0.87, 95% confidence interval 0.66 to 1.15). Similarly, use of cortnisone (two studies, 212 participants) compared with aspirin did not reduce the risk for heart disease after one year. Investigators in five studies did not report adverse events. The three studies reporting on adverse events reported substantial side effects. However, all results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. In addition, most of the trials were of poor quality and the quality of the evidence was limited by the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants included in the studies. The results should therefore be viewed with caution. Little evidence of benefit was found when steroids or other anti-inflammatory agents were used to reduce the rate of heart valve lesions in patients with acute Rheumatic Fever. New randomised trials are warranted to assess the effects of steroids such as oral steroids, intravenous steroids, oral steroids and methylprednisolone. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticides to be effective in reducing the number of trachomas. Another study found that health education reduced the incidence of the disease. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, however, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce trachomiasis. One study showed that another fly-control measure, latrine provision, reduced trachum by 29.5%. However, this was not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed in a more recent study. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in the control of flies, but this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides. Health education had shown significant reduction of the occurrence of trchoma in one study but another study does not demonstrate similar findings. Two trials on the use of sanitation provision have not demonstrated significant reduction in trachaum. All the studies have some methodological concerns.
Fifteen studies (1043 CFS participants) were included in the review. CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care. Findings at follow-up were inconsistent. For CBT versus other psychological therapies, comprising relaxation, counselling and education/support (four studies, 313 participants), the difference in fatigue mean scores was highly significant, with 40% of CBT participants showing clinical response in contrast with 26% in usual care (OR 0.47, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.76). Findings were heterogeneous and inconsistent. Only two studies compared CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and one study used CBT in combination to compare CBT with other interventions. The evidence base is limited to a small group of studies with inconsistent findings. Further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS.
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo (an inactive substance) for six weeks in children and adults with sickle cell disease. We found only one study that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven withdrew before randomisation leaving 39 participants who were randomised. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Two participants from the treatment group have missing values of baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, therefore the number of samples analysed was 37. Compared to the placebo group, the vitamin D group had significantly higher serum vitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks, mean difference 29.79 (95% confidence interval 26.63 to 32.95). However, the difference was not significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks. We determined the quality of the evidence for this outcome to be moderate. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between vitamin D and placebo groups, but the quality was low. Regarding the frequency of pain, vitamin D had significantly fewer pain days compared to placebo, but again, we found no significant differences between the two groups. The vitamin D groups had a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than the placebo groups. However, this was not statistically significant at either 16 weeks or 24 weeks of follow-up. Furthermore, the review included physical functioning PedsQL scores which was reported as absolute change from baseline. The quality of evidence was low due to incomplete outcome data. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplementation (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines) and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D. Well-designed, randomised, placebo-controlled studies of parallel design, are required to determine the effects and the safety of vitamin D supplements for sickle cells. Evidence from high quality studies is needed. We included only one low-quality clinical study which had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete data.
This review includes only one study of 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). Children were allocated randomly to one of the two treatments. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. The study did not assess the outcome of functional communication. Both the NDP-3 and ReST therapies demonstrated improvement in word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency, and accuracy of connected speech. For three outcomes, the effect was marginally greater for NDP- 3 than ReST: accuracy of produced words on treated words, assessed by 25 real words repeated three times using the inconsistency subtest of the Diagnostic Evaluation of Articulation and Phonology (DEAP) test. For accuracy of the connected speech test, accuracy of words on at least three word combinations was marginally better for ReST than NDP. ReST (MD = 18.3) demonstrated a marginally greater effect for accuracy of producing words on non-treatment words at one one month post-treatment (absolute MD = 0.1 between groups). We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. No formal analyses were conducted to compare the two interventions by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one RCT was identified. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence base. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Similarly, further studies are needed of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders.
We included four studies that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in the US in adults studied pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks; one study in the UK in children and adults evaluated pyrimetehamine for four weeks; and one in Brazil in adults investigated trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole for 12 months. In the last study, all participants had active retinochoroiditis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomisation to the treatment group. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. In all four studies antibiotic was administered orally. We judged these three studies to be at a mixture of low or unclear risk of bias due to poor reporting. Only the study in Brazil, in participants with healed lesions, reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. People treated with antibiotic may have a similar change in vision at one year (mean difference -1.00 letters, 95% confidence interval (CI) -7.93 to 5.93 letters; 93 participants; low-quality evidence). There is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of recurrent infection of the retina compared with placebo. However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. In one study (UK study) the severity of inflammation was higher in the comparator group when compared to the antibiotic-treated group but did not provide further details. The UK study reported an improvement in intraocular inflammation in treated compared with control participants, however in this study all participants received steroid treatment. The last study (Brazil study) reported that there was a higher risk of inflammation in the comparison group when treated with the antibiotic compared with the placebo group, but the study did not report further details on this. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes except for the quality of evidence for vision.
We included 43 randomised controlled trials involving 43 participants with mainly older people with mainly trochanteric fractures. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for the proximal femoral nail (PFN) versus the SHS. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test. Two trials (65 participants) found that fixed nail plates for unstable fractures may have advantages over fixed angle plates for some unstable fractures. The SHS appears superior for trochanters. Fracture fixation complications were more common in the IMHS group. With its lower complication rate, and absence of functional outcome data to the contrary, the SHH appears superior in trochantic fractures. One trial (124 participants) suggested that there may be a tendency to less fracture healing complications with the intramedulary nails compared with fixed nails for subtrochanters, but further studies are required. Further studies are needed to confirm whether more recently developed designs of intramEDullary nails avoid the complications of previous nails.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared palliative surgery and medical management for bowel obstruction in women with ovarian cancer. We found 22 studies that met our inclusion criteria, but only one study met our criteria and was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who received either palliatives surgery (27) or medical management with Octreotide (20) and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Although six (22%) women had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, multivariable analysis found that women who had surgery had significantly (p < 0.001) better survival than women who were treated with medical management. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not recorded and adverse events were incompletely documented. Overall, we found only low quality evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other.
Four randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria for this review. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women randomised) studied atorvastarin. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (nmol/L) when used alone or with the OCP. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides, but had no significant effect on high cholesterol, high sensitivity (HS) C-reactive protein (HS-CRP), fasting insulin or homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) insulin resistance. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTs to assess clinical outcomes.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with advanced cervical cancer. We identified 1522 unique references of which we excluded 1330 on the basis of title and abstract. We retrieved the remaining 22 articles in full, but none satisfied the inclusion criteria. Since the last version of this review we found no new studies. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources.
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). These trials included a total of 745 patients. When given in both concomitant and adjuvant phases of treatment, it prolongs survival and delays progression without impacting on quality of life (QoL) but it does increase early adverse events. In recurrent HGG, two RCTs enrolling 672 patients in total found that when compared with standard chemotherapy, the combination increased survival and time-to-progression (TTP) and may have benefits on QoL without increasing adverse events but it did not improve overall. A single RCT found that the combination did not have a statistically significant effect on QOL. In the elderly, 2 trials of 664 patients found that OS and progression-free survival were similar when compared to radiotherapy and PFS was similar in the elderly. However, certain adverse events were significantly more common with the combination than radiotherapy. Risk of haematological complications, fatigue and infections were increased with the combined therapy. In patients with recurrent GBM, when given in addition to standard chemotherapy and when given as part of both the first and second phase of treatment (concomitant therapy) it improves time to progression without increasing side effects. It does not appear to have an effect on overall survival. In people with GBM who have advanced to grade IV tumours, it does not seem to be effective in terms of survival.
Two studies met our inclusion criteria for this review. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for district health systems management ('contracting-in') may improve health care access and utilization. However, contracting-in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive the intermittent training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses. In the other study, intermittent training course over 18 months may improve district health system managers’ performance. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions for retaining health systems managers met our study selection criteria for inclusion in the review. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs) have not been adequately investigated. More evidence is required before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups (risk ratio (RR) 056, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.13 to 2.42); however, the analysis was underpowered to detect a difference between groups. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, length of intensive care unit stay (ICU), and length of hospital stay. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. We found some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing the number of people who died and the length of ICU stay. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We included 50 trials (19 randomised controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) with 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied cerivastatin effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. When compared to fluvastatin, atorvastin, rosuvastat and rosurastatin (a drug used to lower cholesterol) in the commonly prescribed dose range of 2.5 mg to 80 mg, we found strong linear dose-related effects on LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol and triglycerides. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. There was a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse effects, but a low risk for the lipid measurements. Withdrawals due to side effects were not different between the drug and placebo in 11 of 19 of these short-term trials (risk ratio 1.09, 95% confidence interval 0.68 to 1.74). Based on an informal comparison of the effects of these drugs, we judged the effect of the drugs to be about 250-fold more potent than fluvastsatin, 20-fold greater potency than atorvsastatin and 5.5-fold stronger than rosastatin in reducing LDL cholesterol and 233-fold better potency than fluvasastatin at reducing total cholesterol. We found no effect of cerivastsatin on HDL cholesterol, but overall the drug increased HDL cholesterol by 5%. There was no evidence of adverse effects in 42% of the RCTs. This review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the drug because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of side effects.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. Risk of bias assessment indicated unclear to low risk of bias for most studies. Based on high quality evidence, remote ischaemic preconditioning made little or no difference to the reduction of serum creatinine levels at postoperative days one (14 studies, 1022 participants), two (9 studies, 770 participants), and three (6 studies, 417 participants) compared to control. Compared to control, the need for dialysis (13 studies, 2417 participants), length of hospital stay (8 studies, 920 participants), or all-cause mortality (24 studies, 4931 participants) may have slightly improved the incidence of acute kidney injury using either the AKIN criteria (3 studies, 1586 participants) or RIFLE criteria (2 studies, 2364 participants). Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving iliac clamping. The certainty of the evidence is low (15 studies, 3993 participants: RR 3.47, 95% CI 0.55 to 21.76; I2 = 0%); only two of 15 studies reported any adverse effects (6/1999 and 1/1994 in the control group), the remaining 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group. Overall, we had moderate-high certainty evidence however the available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote ishaemochromatosis in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in patients undergoing major cardiac and vascular surgery in which renal injury may occur.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-drug interventions: a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). The fatigue severity was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups, with significant heterogeneity between trials. The beneficial effect was not seen in trials that had used adequate allocation concealment (two trials, 89 participants, SMD -0.38, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 0.04) or trials that used adequate blinding of outcome assessors (four trials, 198 participants). Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing fatigue, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. No trial primarily investigated preventing PSF. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias.
Three randomised trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. The sample sizes of the three trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials. In none of the trials could we ascertain that allocation to the comparison groups was concealed. The combination of insulin and glucose, compared to cation-exchange resin, caused a reduction in all cause mortality that was of borderline statistical significance. In the study of Hu, the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage ≥ grade 2 was significantly reduced (RR 0.30 (95% CI 0.10 to 0.93). Albuterol inhalation versus saline inhalation changed serum K+ from baseline at four hours to eight hours after initiation of treatment. No differences were noted in mortality or other clinical outcomes. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of the two interventions. Both the combination and glucose inhalation deserve further study. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) has not been tested in randomised controlled trials. Other interventions listed in our objectives have not been studied to date.
Twelve trials were included in this review. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected participants. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not significantly different between the two treatments: MD of 0.02 of a grade more improvement in the intravenous immunoglobulin group than the plasma exchange group; not clinically significantly different, but not excluding the possibility of significant extra benefit. There were also no statistically significant differences in the other measures considered. Three studies including a total of 75 children suggested that IVIG significantly hastens recovery compared with supportive care. The primary outcome for this review, available for only one trial with 21 mildly affected children, showed significantly more improvement of disability in the four weeks after treatment than supportive treatment alone, MD 1.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.57 to 0.27. In one trial involving 249 participants comparing PE followed by IVG with PE alone, the average grade improvement was 0.2 more in the combined treatment group than in the PE alone group. Another trial with 34 participants comparing immunoabsorption with IVG and PE alone did not show significant additional benefit. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment than PE. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. In children, according to moderate quality evidence, giving IVG after PE did not confer significant extra benefits. In adults, there are no adequate comparisons of IVG versus placebo in adults, but this review provides moderate-quality evidence that, in severe disease, IVG started within two weeks from onset hastens the recovery as much as PE. In mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset, more research is needed. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants). In the 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of inspiration. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, participants who received a higher fraction of inspirational oxygen were not more likely to die within the longest follow-up and within 30 days of surgery than those who did not. Similarly, when all trials were included, participants in the high fraction group did not have an increased risk of all-cause mortality. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. We did not observe an effect on surgical site infections. In subgroup analyses of nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, participants receiving high fraction inspired oxygen were less likely to have a surgical site infection, and a similar effect was noted in the five trials that were adequately blinded for the outcome assessment (RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.66 to 0.96; GRADE: very low quality). However, we did not see an effect of a higher percentage of inspiration on the risk of serious adverse events, such as respiratory insufficiency, serious side effects, or length of stay in hospital. We found insufficient evidence to support the routine use of a high amount of inspiration during anaesthesia and surgery. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low or low for all outcomes. Given the risks of attrition and outcome reporting bias, as well as other weaknesses in the available evidence, further trials with a large number of participants, including a large sample size and long-term follow up, are warranted.
Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Time periods ranged from 10 to 14 days to six months. Overall, we assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the control treatment (low quality evidence). However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, 742 children) of a beneficial effect of antibiotics on diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion (two trials, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one trial, 103 children). It should, however, be noted that the beneficial effect on acute otitis media episodes within four to eight weeks was no longer significant when we excluded studies with high risk of biased results. In terms of other secondary outcomes, only two trials (849 children) reported on hearing levels (two to four weeks) and found conflicting results. None of the trials reported data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. Furthermore, we found no data on the impact of oral antibiotics on other important outcomes (speech, language, cognitive development) or on the quality of the children's life. This review presents evidence of both benefits and harms associated with the use of antibiotics to treat children up to 16 years with OME. Although evidence indicates that antibiotics are associated with an increased chance of complete resolution at various time points, we also found evidence that these children were more likely than those treated with control treatment to experience diarrhoeas, vomiting and rash. The impact of antibiotics for short-term hearing is uncertain and low quality evidence showed that antibiotics were not associated with fewer ventilation tube insertions. The quality of evidence ranged from moderate to low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results. Even in situations where clear and relevant benefits of antibiotics have been demonstrated, these must always be carefully balanced against adverse effects and the emergence of bacterial resistance.
Twelve studies were included, nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three before and after studies. Pooling of the seven RCTs in patients with type 1 diabetes resulted in a non-significant reduction in the decline of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of 0.1 ml/min/month (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.1 to 0.3) in the LPD group. For type 2 diabetes, one trial showed a small insignificant improvement in the rate of decline of GFR in the protein-restricted group and a second found a similar decline in both the intervention and control groups. Actual protein intake in the intervention groups ranged from 0.7 to 1.1 g/kg/day. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs. One study noted malnutrition. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. Because of the variability amongst patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We identified 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. For moderate to severe brain injury,'strong evidence' showed benefit from formal intervention, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. Intensive intervention appears to lead to earlier gains, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. Patients discharged from in-patient rehabilitation benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. Patients who present acutely to hospital with mild brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. 'Strong evidence' supports the use of a milieu-oriented model, in which comprehensive cognitive rehabilitation takes place in a therapeutic environment and involves a peer group of patients. 'Limited evidence' shows that specialist inpatient rehabilitation and specialist multi-disciplinary community rehabilitation may provide additional functional gains, but studies serve to highlight the particular practical and ethical restraints imposed on randomisation of severely affected individuals for whom no realistic alternatives to specialist intervention are available. Problems following ABI vary. Consequently, different interventions and combinations of interventions are required to meet the needs of patients with different problems. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic longitudinal cohort studies.
We included one trial (involving 176 women) in this review. This trial included four groups with a factorial design. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control (separate care) and we analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming-in versus mother-infant separation. Duration of exclusive breastfeeding and the proportion of infants being exclusively breastfed at six months of age was not reported in the trial. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was 8.3 (standard deviation (SD) 2.2), slightly higher than the separate care group, i.e. seven times per day. However, between-group comparison of this outcome was not appropriate since every infant in the group was breastfed on a fixed schedule (SD = 0) resulting in no estimable comparison. None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. There was no difference found between the two groups in the percentage of infants receiving any breastfeeding at six month of age (risk ratio (RR) 0.84, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.39; one trial; 137 women; low-quality evidence). Primary outcomes The primary outcome, duration of any breastfeeding, was reported by authors as median values because the distribution was found to be skewed. They reported the overall median duration for any breastfeeding to be four months, with no difference between groups. The number of infants who were exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was significantly higher in the roomed-in group 86% (99 of 115) compared with 45% (17 of 38). Secondary outcomes None of the other secondary outcomes reported were reported in this trial. Further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed.
Eight trials involving 660 participants were included in this review. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment, indicating a significantly lower rate of death and dependency in the sanchi group than in the control group. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that participants probably had mild strokes. Data were limited in respect to stroke recurrence and quality of life. Few adverse events were reported. One trial reported higher Barthel index scores (a measure of neurological function). Pooled analysis of seven trials indicated that sanchic might improve neurological deficit more than control with a significant difference (RR 0.29, 95% confidence interval (Cl) 0.18 to 0.47). The small sample and inferior quality of studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are required.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different types of bone grafting for implants immediately placed in extraction sockets. Only seven trials could be included in this review. Two RCTs compared immediate versus delayed implants in 126 patients and found no statistically significant differences. One RCT compared immediate and immediate-delayed implants in 46 patients. After 2 years patients in the immediate group perceived the time to functional loading significantly shorter, were more satisfied and independent blinded assessor judged the level of the perimplant marginal mucosa in relation to that of the adjacent teeth as more appropriate (RR = 1.68; 95% CI 1.04 to 2.72). These differences disappeared 5 years after loading but significantly more complications occurred in the group of patients who had implants placed immediately. One trial compared immediate with immediately delayed implants for 2 years. No statistically significant difference was observed when evaluating whether autogenous bone is needed in postextractive sites (1 trial with 26 patients) or which was the most effective augmentation technique (2 trials with 56 patients). There is not enough reliable evidence supporting or refuting the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets or whether any of the augmentation techniques is superior to the others. There is insufficient evidence to determine possible advantages or disadvantages of immediate, immediate-Delayed or delayed implants, therefore these preliminary conclusions are based on few underpowered trials often judged to be at high risk of bias. On the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction.
Two trials were identified. One trial compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for per protocol analysis. In the second trial a successor compound, PBT2, was compared with a placebo in 78 participants with mild Alzheimer's dementia; all were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. There was no significant difference in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognition (ADAS-Cog)) between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. However, two executive function component tests of the NTB showed significant improvement over placebo in the PBT 2 250 mg group from baseline to week 12: category fluency test and trail making part B (-48.0 s, 95% CI -83.0 to -13.0). In the executive factor Z score, the difference in least squares mean change from baseline at week 12 was 0·27 (0·01 to 0·53; p=0·042).There was no effect on cognition on Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or ADAS-cog scales. One participant in the active group developed neurological symptoms (impaired visual acuity and colour vision) which resolved on cessation of treatment and were possibly attributable to the drug. The planned phase III trial of PBT1 has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation (participants in the treatment group had a higher mean pre-morbid IQ) and the secondary analyses of results stratified by baseline dementia severity. The second trial was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe and well tolerated in people with mild dementia. There were no significant differences in cognition on the Neuropsychological Test Battery (NTB) composite or memory between placebo and PBT-2 in the least squares average of the two components of the neuropsychological test, but there was a significant improvement in executive function. There is an absence of evidence as to whether clioquinol has any positive clinical benefit for patients with AD, or whether the drug is safe. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate cognitive efficacy. The safety profile of this compound had a favourable safety profile.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Two trials specifically included children. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. The number needed to treat to prevent one additional death was 32 participants. Participants treated with PDE5 inhibitors were more likely to improve their WHO functional class (odds ratio (OR) 8.59, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.95 to 18.72; 4 trials, 282 participants), to walk 48 metres further in 6MWD (95% CI 40 to 56; 8 trials, 880 participants), and were 22% less likely to die over a mean duration of 14 weeks compared to placebo (high-certainty evidence). There was no evidence of a difference in mortality. There was a small improvement of 27 metres in six minutes in those with PH due to lung disease. In those with left-heart disease (PH-LHD) there were reduced odds of an improvement in World Health Organization (WHO) functional class using PDE 5 inhibitors (OR 0.53, 0.32 to 0.87; 3 trials, 285 participants) and those using the drug walked 34 metres further than those on placebo (low-certainity evidence). Five trials compared PDE-5 inhibitors to placebo in PH secondary to heart disease. The quality of the evidence was low due to imprecision of effect and inconsistency across trials. Data were of low quality due to the small number of included trials. There were limited trials comparing PDE inhibitors directly with other PAH-specific therapy (endothelin receptor antagonists (ERAs)). Those on ERAs walked 49 metres further when compared to ERAs (low certainty of effect). There were no differences in mortality across both treatments. Three studies compared the effects of PDE medications on chronic thromboembolic disease (chronic blood clots). The quality was low because the number of trials was small and the results were imprecise. The evidence was of low certainty because there were too few trials to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of these medications. There is an increased risk of side effects, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and flushing. The risk of worsening hypoxia (hypoxia is a condition in which blood levels are too low for the body to process oxygen) was not significantly different between PDE medicines and ERAs, although data were limited. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this clinical setting.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. Nine trials comparing double versus single injections showed a statistically significant decrease in primary anaesthesia failure (risk ratio (RR) 0.55, 95% confidence interval (CI) 034 to 0.89, high-quality evidence). Subgroup analysis by method of nerve location showed that the effect size was greater when neurostimulation was used rather than the transarterial technique. Pooled data from six trials also showed a significantly decrease in incomplete motor block in the multiple injection group. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections. There were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. Compared with single injections, the time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injection and double injections, however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. This review provides evidence that multiple-injection techniques using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. 'Risk of bias' assessment indicated that trial design and conduct were generally adequate; the most common areas of weakness were in blinding and allocation concealment.
Three studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. All used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. Study duration was 7-12 months. In all three studies, a significant decrease in linear growth occurred in children treated with the inhaled steroids compared to those receiving placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. The average decrease, calculated through meta-analysis, was -1.54 cm per year. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroid that have potentially less systemic effects. We recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's asthma and closely following growth.
Three trials (139 patients) were included. APD did not differ from CAPD with respect to mortality, risk of peritonitis, switching from original PD modality to a different dialysis modality, hernias, PD fluid leaks, PD catheter removal or hospital admissions. There was no difference between either PD and CAPD in terms of residual renal function. One study found that patients on APD had significantly more time for work, family and social activities when results were expressed as episodes/patient-year. There is a need for a large randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing CAPD and APD with sufficiently large patient numbers looking at important clinical outcomes including renal function, accompanied by an economic evaluation to clarify the relative clinical and cost-effectiveness of both modalities.APD may however be considered advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education due to psychosocial advantages.
We found 37 randomised controlled trials (9312 patients) that compared CRT with RT, CT and IF-RT. CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival, progression-free survival (PFS) and progression/relapse (SM) and SM for early stages only. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) separately.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy after RT. This effect, also seen in AL and ST separately, was due directly to first-line treatment.  CRT seems to be optimal for most early stage (I-II) HD patients. For advanced stages, CRT better prevents progression and relapse (III to IV) but CT alone seems to cause less SM.  EF-RT was superior compared to CRT (each additional to CT in most trials) but not OS. No significant difference in SM was observed.  Data were insufficient to compare RT to CT.  SM risk was higher with CRT, although not significant in early stages alone. Excess SM with RT is due mainly to ST and is apparently caused by greater need for salvage therapy after the treatment. Reduced SM risk could not be demonstrated.  The large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We included 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally, transdermally, or intrathecally. All three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects or insufficient pain relief. Many minor adverse events (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious adverse events, including iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of participants in the studies that reported that outcome. Findings regarding quality of life and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermal and intrathecal administration studies. However, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioid therapy for a long period of time experience clinically significant pain relief; however, the quality of the evidence is inconclusive.
The evidence is current to February 2019. We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 (standard standard deviation 11.6) years. The trial compared ox androlone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. This trial stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in the opinion of the study authors showed that oxandolone had no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period. There was very low-certainty evidence on the risk of non-serious adverse events (non-serious side effects) reported in participants treated with oxandolinone compared with placebo. We assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low due to the small number of participants in the included trial and the fact that the participants were mostly male. Thus, we are uncertain whether the use of anabolic steroids improves or reduces the total healing of the ulcers. We are also uncertain whether anabolic steroid treatment increases or decreases the number of serious side effects reported in the participants. The evidence in this study was of very low quality (downgraded for imprecision and indirectness). Of the five serious adverse events reported, none were classed by the trial teams as being related to treatment. There is no high quality evidence from this trial to support or refute the use in the treatment of steroids in the management of pressure ulcer. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary to assess the effect of steroids on treating pressure Ulcers, but careful consideration of the current trial and its early termination are required when planning future research. Secondary outcomes such as pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment, quality of treatment and quality of life were not reported in this trial. Overall the evidence was of low quality.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. Four trials compared email to standard mail and two compared email communication to usual care. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail (OR 0.93; 95% CI 0.69 to 1.24). Results were inconclusive for patient or caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus usual care only, there were no significant differences between groups for the primary outcome of patient health status and well-being. For both comparisons (email versus standard mail, and email plus usual care) there was a lack of difference between the groups for patient and caregiver understanding and support. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. Pooled data identified a significant difference from the addition of postural restriction in the frequency of conversion of a positive to a negative Dix-Hallpike test as an outcome measure. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients compared to 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a negative to positive test (risk ratio (RR) 1.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1 to 1.22, P = 0.002). No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. No adverse effects of mastoid oscillation were reported. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine application of mastoids oscillation applied during the manoeuvre, or additional steps in an 'augmented' Epleys. Neither treatment is associated with adverse outcomes. Specific patients who experience discomfort due to wearing a cervical collar and inconvenience in sleeping upright may still expect to be cured in most instances. The additional intervention has a number needed to treat (NNT) of 10.
Four studies (231 participants randomised) are included in the review. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, 109 participants), (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87 participants), and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid. Although there were important differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used, the results were similar. There was no important difference between groups in either the patient-reported disease-specific symptom scores or the health-related quality of life scores. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The evidence does not show that one type of surgery is better than another in terms of patient- reported symptom scores and quality of lives. No differences were found for any objective measurements or olfactory tests in those studies in which they were measured. Endoscopic scores and other secondary outcomes Two studies reported endoscopic scores. One study reported a large, significant effect size in the surgical group, with a mean difference (MD) in score of -1.5 on a scale of 0 to 3 (0 = no polyps, 3 = severe polyposis). In the other study, no difference was found between the groups (MD 2.3%, 95% CI -17.4% to 12.8%, n = 34). None of the included studies reported recurrence rates. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain. As the overall evidence is of very low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem is justified.
We included eight trials (709 participants). Seven were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared foods fortified with zinc in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on zinc deficiency. We did not find a difference in serum or plasma zinc levels in participants consuming foods fortified with zinc plus other micronutrients when compared with participants consuming the same food with other ingredients but no added zinc. We found no evidence of adverse effects of zinc fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low because of the small number of trials and participants in each trial.
Eleven studies involving 3060 men with advanced prostate cancer were included in this review. Use of non-steroidal antiandrogens decreased overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure, as well as treatment failure (one year, four studies, 1539 participants; 70 weeks: three studies, 1336 participants; two years: five studies, 1845 participants), compared with medical or surgical castration monotherapy. The quality of evidence for overall survival was rated as moderate according to GRADE. Predefined subgroup analyses showed that use of antiandrogen monotherapy, compared with castration, was less favourable for both overall survival and clinical progression (at one year, 70 weeks, two years), treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to adverse events, including events such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes, fatigue, loss of sexual interest (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.83, one study, 51 participants), haemorrhage, nocturia and urinary frequency. The risk of other side effects, such as hot flashes and asthenia (redness of the skin), was decreased when non-antibiotics were used. Evidence quality was rated by GRADE as moderate. The effects of anti-androgens on cancer-specific survival and biochemical progression remained unclear. Further research is likely to have an important impact on men with metastatic disease.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared screening with no screening. We found eight trials with 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) 079 to 1.02); four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction (RR 0.75 (95% CI 0.67 to 0.83). The RR for all seven trials combined was 0.81. The trials with inadequate randomisation found no effect of screening on total cancer mortality, including breast cancer, after 10 years or on all-cause mortality after 13 years. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy (data available in only two trials). If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. Total numbers of lumpectomies and mastectomies were significantly larger in the screened groups (RR 1.31, 95%, 95% CI 1.22 to 142), as were the number of mastectoms, as were also increased. Because of substantial advances in treatment and greater breast cancer awareness since the trials were carried out, it is likely that the absolute effect of the screening today is smaller than in the trials. Recent observational studies show little or no reduction in the incidence of advanced cancers with screening. To help ensure that women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.org.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. Three studies investigated 10,000 units hCG priming compared to no priming, and one study investigated 20,000 hCG compared to 10.000 units priming. All four studies only included women with PCOS (n = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (N = 400). We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. We found no evidence of a difference in the live birth rate, miscarriage rate, or clinical pregnancy rate between women who received hCG and those who did not. However, our findings suggested that hCG may be associated with a reduction in clinical pregnancy rates; between 7% and 23% of women who were given hCG did so. The study comparing 20, thousand units h CG with 10, thousand hCG could not report sufficient data to enable us to calculate odds ratios. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed RCTs before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of hCG, and the optimal dose and timing.
This review of 24 randomised controlled trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. Results from smaller trials assessing effects on individual cognitive domains mostly reported no evidence of benefit. Analyses assessing the effects of treatment over time found that neither ERT nor HRT did not maintain or improve cognitive function and may even adversely affect this outcome. Negative effects were found for ERT after one year and for HRT after three and four years of therapy. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these uncertainties by the year 2010. In the meantime, based on the available evidence, ERT cannot be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or maintenance in older women without cognitive impairment.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. Included studies enrolled participants with both partially reversible and non-reversible COPD and baseline mean per cent predicted expiratory volume in one second (FEV₁) of 43.4 to 49.6. None of the pneumonias were fatal. Compared to the TIO arm, results for pooled primary outcomes were as follows: mortality, COPD exacerbation (requiring short-burst oral corticosteroids or antibiotics, or both): OR 0.72, 95% Cl 0.35 to 1.50, 880 people, very low-quality evidence; pneumonia: reported in both studies only during treatment with FF/II; and total serious adverse events: OR 6.12, 95%. Compared to TIO, we found no statistically significant difference for pooled secondary outcomes, including St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) mean total score change; hospital admissions (all-cause); disease-specific adverse events; mean weekly rescue medication use (results available from only one of the studies); and mean weekly percentage of rescue-free days. Many pooled estimates lacked precision. Data for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to intubation and physical activity measures were not available in included trials. Based on analysis of primary outcomes, we are uncertain whether once-daily ICS or LABA, combined in one inhaler, has a different efficacy or adverse effect profile compared to LAMA for treatment of people with COPD. However, the current review is based on only two trials with the main focus on primary outcomes other than those considered in this review. The short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty. Further trials of longer duration are needed.
We included four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 169 participants in this review. Two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapy trials were eligible for inclusion in the review, with data from four short term RCTs (169 participants) available for analysis. Response data from a single placebo-controlled trial of fluoxetine suggested overall superiority of medication relative to placebo (relative risk (RR) 3.07, 95% CI 1.4 to 6.72, n = 67). Symptom severity was also significantly reduced in the two CBT trials. A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one trial of CBT. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well as a range of psychological therapy approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available.
Three trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis and involving 268 adults were included in this review. In the small trials included in the review, using a desensitization protocol over a rechallenge protocol at six months of follow-up resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV-infected patients with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Further randomised controlled trials are also needed for the treatment of opportunistic infections, treating-through, and adjunctive medications, and different dosages. Paediatric data and trials in resource-poor settings are urgently required.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared midazolam with placebo (a dummy drug) or morphine (a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug) for the treatment of preterm infants undergoing intensive care. We identified no new trials for this update. Using different sedation scales, each study showed a statistically significantly higher sedation level in the sedation group compared with the placebo group. One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores than during dextrose (placebo) infusion (MD -3.80, 95% CI -5.93 to -1.67). Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of adverse neurological events (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) at 28 days' postnatal age (death or grade IV or IVH) in the group treated with the morphine group. The duration of NICU stay was significantly longer in the neonate group than in the dummy group (WMD 5.4 days; two studies, 89 infants). We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment based on the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of neonatal intensive care unit stay, adequacy of analgesia according to PIPP scores and poor neurological outcomes by 28 days of age. Data are insufficient to promote the use of intravenous midazlam infusion as a sedative for neonates undergoing critical care. Further research is needed. This review raises concerns about the safety of midazilam in neonates.
Twelve randomised controlled trials involving 767 participants were included in this review. No differences were detected between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for people with diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment (very low quality evidence). No difference was detected for the presence of diarrhoeas at five to seven days of treatment, clinical failure, fever and duration of illness was 0 days. The mean difference for diarrhoeal illness for fever was 0.27 days (low quality evidence), and for duration of the illness was no difference for duration. Quinolone antibiotic treatment resulted in a significantly higher number of negative stool cultures for NTS during the first week of treatment (microbiological failure: RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.56; 166 participants, four trials). Antibiotic treatment meant passage of the same Salmonella serovar one month after treatment was almost twice as likely (RR 1.96; 112 participants, three trials), which was statistically significant. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotic treatment. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. There is no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in otherwise healthy people.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192 adult patients) assessing the accuracy of interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, infection criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. The quality of the included studies ranged from very low to very high. The number of participants in each study varied greatly across studies, ranging from 12% to 78%. Using a fixed prevalence of 50% and a fixed specificity of 74%, we found a sensitivity of 66% (95% confidence interval 60 to 72). If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of septis with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have septicaemia. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed of the infection. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. The conclusions of the review will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of this review once they are fully evaluated and evaluated. High heterogeneity of collected evidence regarding the main diagnosis and setting, the infection threshold, the level of infection at the time of diagnosis, and the origin of infections, along with the potential number of misclassifications, remain significant constraints for its implementation.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants). All studies except one were at an unclear or high risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification, five trials included people undergoing what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery, and the remaining studies including people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. The review contains 11 comparisons in total. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysed data below. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of systematic errors and imprecision. The certainty of the evidence was downgraded once for risk of statistical errors and twice for imprecise evidence. It is uncertain whether wound exposure or any dressing reduces or increases the risk of surgical site infection compared with alternative options investigated. It was uncertain whether covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention with wound dressing, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others, improves scarring, reduces pain, improves acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. Secondary outcomes There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and acceptability of dressing and ease of removal, and uncertainty whether dressing influenced these outcomes. Most studies in this review were small and at a high or unclear risk of biased. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference.
We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with placebo. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Women received supplements or placebo from recruitment at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks until their final review visit six to eight weeks postpartum. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo arm) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. Selenium had an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.07). This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the presence of major depressive disorder, the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of neonates to the neonatal intensive care unit. No difference was found for EPA-rich fish oil (MD 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.78 to 3.18) or DHA-rich oil supplementation. There is insufficient evidence to conclude that seenium, DHA or EPA prevent postnatal depression. No evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of depression.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different anthracycline infusion durations and different peak doses. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumours. Seven studies were RCTs addressing different doses (5280 participants), and four evaluated different peak dose levels (5380 participants). We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduced the risk of clinical heart failure as compared to a shorter infusion duration. We found no significant difference in the occurrence of heart failure in participants treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or 60 mg of m2 or more. Only one RCT was available for the other identified peak doses, so we can make no definitive conclusions about cardiotoxicity. A significant difference was identified in none of the studies. High or unclear 'Risk of bias' issues were present in all studies. Since there is only a small amount of data for children, data obtained in adults cannot be extrapolated to children. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults and in leukaemias and solid tumour.
We included 37 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3110 participants. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. Thirty-three studies reported mortality, 31 studies reported data for unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 studies reported pneumonia. We did not pool these data for meta-analysis. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform meta-Analysis. Heterogeneity was evident both in the trial designs and participant inclusion. Inconsistencies in results may be explained by heterogeneity among study participants or bias introduced by individual study methodology but we could not explore this in detail in subgroup or sensitivity analyses. We used the GRADE approach to judge the quality of the evidence for each outcome and downgraded the evidence from very low to very low. Despite a large number of studies, there remains no high-quality evidence to support the use of cold therapy in the treatment of TBI, and further research, which is methodologically robust, is required in this field.
Three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression, were identified. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence, based on the non-combined findings from three studies, indicating that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. The current evidence base is too heterogeneous and sparse to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness of the family therapy in the treatment of depression. At this point, use of psychological interventions for depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy. Further high quality trials examining the effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of explicitly defined forms of therapy are required.
Three trials involving a total of 206 participants were included, all patients with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was a significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE. No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the included trials. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL. Of the three included trials, all described the adverse events in detail, there were no statistically significant differences across the trials (OR 4.84, 95%CI 0.55 to 42.67). Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, caregiver burden were not undertaken in these trials. Due to the low methodological quality of included trials and small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of duxil for the treatment of patients with dementia. High-quality and large-scale randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
We identified seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 960 participants. The quality of the evidence was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which therefore reduces the reliability of the results. The OR for seroma formation was 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23 to 0.91, P = 0.03) in favour of a reduced incidence of seroma in participants with drains inserted. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative seroma aspirations were found in the drained population (two trials including 212 participants). There was no significant difference in infection rates between drainage and no drainage groups. The mean difference in length of hospital stay, reported in four trials consisting of 600 participants, was 1.47 days greater in participants who had a drain inserted. No significant difference was noted in the incidence of lymphoedema, with only six instances reported in three trials of 360 participants, nor was any significant difference observed in the number of haematoma observed (five instances in two trials of 314 participants), with only five instances reported. No difference in the amount of blood in the drain was reported in the three trials including 519 participants. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduced the odds of developing a seroma and reduced the numbers of post-operative aspirations. These benefits should be balanced against an increased length of time spent in hospital.
Eight studies with 390,769 participants were included in this review. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The methodological quality was measured using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). The three prospective cohort studies were of high methodological quality, and two were of medium quality. The results form the studies assessing associations between flavonoids, colorectal cancer and adenomas were contradictory. The evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was conflicting. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from two studies suggested that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols reduced the risk of both CRC and colon cancer. A statistically significant reduced risk of CRC was found with high intake of epicatechin. There was medium quality evidence to support that increasing intake of procyanidin and phytoestrogen could reduced the incidence of CRC. However, there was no evidence that suggested that high anthocyanin intake had an inverse association with colon cancer or adenoma. It is difficult to determine flavonoid intake. Therefore, more evidence is needed.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, extension of the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response according to both definitions, with a risk difference of 0.11 and calculated number needed to treat of nine. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions. The length of treatment did not significantly affect the adherence (247/279 (88.5%) versus 252/274 (92.0%). In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups. The observed intervention effects can be caused by both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance). There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the policy of extending treatment period for slow responders.
Only two studies (34 participants) met the inclusion criteria of this systematic review. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic cancers. There was low concerns about applicability for most domains in both studies. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study. The mean probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectable cancer on CT scan had unresectability disease on laparotomy). This means that 13% of people (95% CI 3% to 39%) with positive EUS (EUS indicating potential for removal of cancer) have potentially removed cancer and 20% (5% to 53%) of people with negative EUS have not been found to have cancer. At the mean pre-test probability of the EUS, 86.9% were found to be positive and 20.0% to be negative. The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 and 0.2, respectively. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of the test in people with pancreatic cancer found to not have cancer on scan. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in people who have cancer in the pancreas or periampullary cancer.
There were 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) included in this review: 20 studies (14 RCTs and 6 CCTs) included 1661 participants with anterior or mixed bleharitis and 14 studies (12 RCTS and 2 CCTS) included 508 participants with posterior bleharaitis (MGD). Due to the heterogeneity of study characteristics among the included studies, with respect to follow-up periods and types of interventions, comparisons, and condition of participants, our ability to perform meta-analyses was limited. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blehars. The effectiveness of other treatments for bleharms, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic bleharma. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic pain relief for anterior and posterior blephars. However, commercial products are marketed to consumers and prescribed to patients without substantial evidence of effectiveness. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments. Medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly. Any RCT designed for this purpose should separate participants by type of condition, in order to minimize imbalances between groups (type I errors) and to achieve statistical power for analyses (prevent type II errors).
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be measured in future trials. Multicentre randomised controlled trials with appropriate sample sizes and long-term follow-up are required.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the standard was clearly reported but not clearly stated. Seven studies provided estimates before and after administration of contrast. The studies were of better quality than the CDUS studies: five (45%) studies fulfilled the quality of the study design, four (36%) did not report clearly the blinding interpretation of a reference standard; and two studies did not clearly report the time between the two tests. Analysis of the data showed that CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity and specificity. Summary estimates for CDUS (18 studies) showed 0.72 (95% CI 0.55 to 0.85) for sensitivity and 0.90 (95%) for specificity whereas summary estimates for CE-CDUS (eight studies) were 0.91 (95%). The improvement in sensitivity with of contrast use was statistically significant (LR Chi2 = 13.47, 1 degree of freedom (df); P = 0.0002 for model improvement). Regression testing showed evidence of statistically significant effect bias related to year of publication and study quality within individual participants basedCDUS studies. Sensitivity estimates were higher in the studies published before 2006 than the estimates obtained from studies published in 2006 or later (P < 0.001); and studies judged as low/unclear quality provided higher estimates in sensitivity. When regression testing was applied to the individual based CDUS groups, none of the issues identified as a source of heterogeneity were identified. When the results were combined, the results showed that both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity for ruling in endoleaks. In an endoleak surveillance programme, CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive and the subsequent therapeutic management.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants. All reported on low back pain in labour only. Four studies used intracutaneous injections, two subcutaneous, and one both. All studies reported that women who received sterile water experienced greater reduction in pain than those who received saline. One study reported that more women had a 4/10 cm or more reduction in their pain with sterile water (50% to 60%) than with placebo (20% to 25%). There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, maternal long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with saline. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain during labour.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1932 participants that compared glue with sutures for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found that glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation, recurrence of hernia, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. However, the results changed when we conducted subgroup analysis with regard to the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain in the glue group was reduced by 37% (OR 0.63, 95% CI 0.44 to 0.91; 10 studies, 1418 participants, low-quality evidence) compared with the suture group. Subgroup analysis of included studies using lightweight mesh showed a significant benefit from the fixation with glue compared with suture. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. We also investigated adverse events. For superficial wound infection pooled analyses showed no significant difference between glue and suture for mesh/deep infection. For seroma (a postoperative swelling caused by fluid) and persisting numbness, six trials involving 1009 participants reported postoperative length of stay, resulting in non-significant difference between the groups. Finally, we found no significant differences between the glue and biological glue. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and synthetic glue. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of the evidence (GRADE) for the outcomes is moderate to low. Based on the short-term results, glue may reduce postoperative chronic pain and not simultaneously increase the recurrence rate, compared with both suture and glue. Glue may therefore be a sensible alternative to suture for hernia fixation. Larger trials with longer follow-up and high quality are warranted. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled studies and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high-risk of bias regarding blinding processes. Eight out of 12 trials showed high risk of biased in at least one of the investigated domains.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Structuring generally improved the quality of abstracts, but increased their length. Providing instructions to authors was associated to improved reporting of ethics requirements in one study, but no difference in the quality was seen in the abstracts. The reference accuracy studies showed a median citation error rate of 38% and a median quotation error of 20%. Surprisingly few studies have evaluated the effects of technical editing rigorously. A substantial number of references in biomedical articles are cited or quoted inaccurately.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported results for treatment periods separately. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. Twelve studies used codeine as a single agent and three combined it with paracetamol. There were no data for children. The available evidence indicates that codeine is more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and constipation. Withdrawal from the studies, where reported, was less than 10%. There were three deaths, in all cases due to the underlying cancer. We identified only a small amount of data in studies that were both randomised and double-blind. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Adverse event reporting was poor: only two studies reported the number of participants with any adverse event specified by treatment group and only one had any serious adverse event. Studies were small, of short duration, and most had significant shortcomings in reporting. Uncertainty remains as to the magnitude and time-course of the analgesic effect and the safety and tolerability in longer-term use.
We included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The heterogeneity of the included trials, which encompasses setting, inclusion and exclusion criteria, interventional method and time of assessment, ranged from 'not important' to'moderate to substantial' for different review outcomes. The overall risk of bias was low for selective reporting, unclear for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of participants and blinding of outcome assessment. Incomplete outcome reporting and blinded of personnel showed mixed bias representations. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in a sensitivity analysis. Patient knowledge was assessed by four trials (160 participants) with moderate to substantial heterogeneity. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial of 20 families, also showed an improvement, standardised mean difference 0.52 points (95% confidence interval 0.03 to 1.00, moderate quality evidence). The effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. Effects on patients' knowledge were maintained for longer than for caregivers. There were two primary outcomes related to the effectiveness of educational programs on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related morbidity. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs or symptoms leading to self-management. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. Effects were not statistically significant in assessments of secondary outcomes, possibly due to the paucity of the number of trials and patients and caregivers. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and showed no evidence of an effect, although the quality of evidence was moderate for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. The quality of the evidence for all outcomes was moderate to high. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. This review identifies important positive effects of educational interventions on improving patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression, but whether it offers any clinical benefit is uncertain. Significant factors limiting these effects could be trials being under powered as well as attrition rates. To better study effects on outcomes, further controlled trials are needed with rigorous attention given to improve recruitment and retention and to decrease bias. Predetermined protocols using similar measurements should be used across multiple sites.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five trials included people with focal onset seizures only. None of the studies included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were of short duration. Participants receiving brivaracetam add-on were significantly more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those receiving placebo (moderate-quality evidence). They were also more likely than people receiving placebo to achieve seizure freedom. The incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of participants experiencing one or more adverse events, was not significantly different following treatment with briaracetam compared to placebo. However, participants receiving bribaracetam did appear to withdraw from treatment specifically because of adverse events compared with those receiving a placebo. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias and four to have unclear risk. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes prespecified in the trial protocol. Another study did not describe how blinding was maintained, and another noted discrepancies in reporting. It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included patients with generalised epilepsy. Consequently, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. When used as an add to treatment for patients with drugs-resistant epilepsy, brivar acetam is effective in reducing seizure frequency and can aid patients in achieving seizure freedom, but is associated with a greater proportion of treatment withdrawals due to side effects compared with placebo. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate to low.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. Most of the studies addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting (high confidence in the evidence). Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents (moderate confidence). Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply, and tailored to their situation. Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them. Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions. Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed one or more of the key aspects that we were interested in. We have high or moderate confidence in several of the evidence contributing to several review findings. Further research, especially in rural and low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen evidence for the findings where we had low or very low confidence.
We identified 10 trials with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Two of the 10 trials included children. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI), nor for overall dropout rates. There was a suggestion that dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. When comparing individual psychological therapies with each other, no specific treatment was consistently superior to any other specific approach. Two trials found that non-specific specialist therapy (Specialist Supportive Clinical Management) or an Optimised TAU delivered by therapists with eating disorder expertise was similar in outcomes to cognitive behaviour therapy. However, there was no difference between these two approaches in outcomes such as BMI, weight, or dropout rate. There is insufficient evidence to draw any specific conclusions about the effects of specific individual therapies for anorexic disorders in adults or older adolescents. Larger RCTs of longer treatment duration and follow-up are needed.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 516 participants. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults (age range not specified) to receive silicone oil and perfluropropane gas. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. The first two trials were funded by the National Eye Institute, and the third by the German Research Foundation. All three trials employed adequate methods for random sequence generation and allocation concealment. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third trial masked outcome assessors. All trials appear to be free of reporting bias. In participants with RD associated with PVR, outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy were comparable for a broad variety of cases. There were no significant differences in the proportion of participants achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. Although silicone oil was associated with significantly worse anatomic and visual outcomes than was perfluoropropane gas at one year (quantitative data not reported), there were no important differences in outcomes at two years. There was no significant difference in the number of participants who achieved at least at least five/200 vision at a year after the infusion of silicone oil, and there was not significant difference between the two groups in terms of the percentage of people who had a cataract, glaucoma, cataracts, and capsular fibrosis. For macular attachments, participants treated with silicone oil received significantly more favourable outcomes than did participants who received sulfur hexa-fluoride at both one year and two years after the infusion. In the three trial, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, heavy silicone oils were not shown to be superior to standard silicone oils. The three trials did not perform any sample size calculation or power detection. Adverse events were not reported for the first two studies. For the third study, only the total number of adverse events was reported, and adverse events for each group were not specified. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucaa, four developed a cyst, and two had capsular cysts. The use of either perflurane or silicone oil appears reasonable for most patients with RD related to PVR. The choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. Because there do not seem to be any major differences in outcome for the two agents, the choice of tamponace agents should be Individualized for the individual patient. Heavy silicone oil is not available for routine clinical use in the United States.
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. There was a lower risk of composite maternal mortality and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early delivery (two studies, 1459 women (evidence graded high)). There were no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. Planned early delivery was associated with higher levels of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal intensive care unit admission (NICU admission), and NICU admission for the baby (four studies, 1585 infants). There was no clear difference between groups for caesarean section, duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby or for the duration of time spent in hospital after delivery. We did not pool data in meta-analysis. We observed a high level of heterogeneity between the two studies in this analysis, so we were not able to pool data together. There is no clear evidence to draw any conclusions about the effects on composite infant mortality or severe maternal morbidity. We were able to combine data from two studies (1459 women) to assess the effects of early delivery for women suffering from hypertensive disorders of pregnancy after 34 weeks of pregnancy. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal deaths and morbidity), moderate (time spent in the hospital for mother and baby after delivery for mother, and time spent after delivery in hospital for baby) or low (combined maternal and infant deaths and complications). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. Two fairly large, well-designed trials with overall low risk of bias contributed the majority of the evidence. Other studies were at low or unclear risk of quality of evidence. The evidence is current to March 2016. For women suffering hypertension, planned early birth is associated with less composite maternal death and severe maternal complications. However, this is based on limited data (from two trials) assessing all hypertension-related disorders as one group. There are few studies assessing the different types of hypertensive diseases and the optimal timing of delivery for these conditions. Further studies are needed to look at the different type of hypertension and the best time of delivery. These studies should also include infant and maternal mortality, morbidity and mortality outcomes, and the length of stay in hospital. An individual patient-analysis on the data currently available would provide further information on the outcomes of the different hypertensive disease encountered in pregnancy.
Six studies (including 142 participants) were eligible for inclusion in this review. Two studies compared three-times-a-week prophylactic administration with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. Results from these two studies showed a rate ratio of 0.30 (95% confidence interval; 0.12 to 0.76) for all bleedings and 0.22 (95%) for joint bleedings favouring proprophylaxis. Results on the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up were not pooled due to significant heterogeneity in the results. Three of the remaining four studies evaluated patients with haemophilia A; one showed a statistically significant decrease in frequency of joint bleeds compared to placebo, with a rate difference of -10.73 bleeds per year. Two of the four studies compared two different types of clotting factor concentrates, failing to demonstrate an advantage of one regimen over the other in terms of bleeding frequency. The fourth study evaluated patients who had bleeding with weekly (15 IU/kg) versus bi-weekly (7.5IU/kg). The rate difference was -3.30 and -5.30 bleeds, respectively. Non-significant increases in both inhibitor and infectious complications were observed in patients on proproylaxis, which occurred more often when using long-term venous access. Well-designed randomised controlled trials and observational controlled studies are needed to establish the best treatment for bleeding in patients with existing joint damage.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five trials aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions. Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. This review notes a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. Less aggressive treatment schedules appear to produce similar effects with less adverse event profiles.
Two studies involving 447 RhD negative women were included in this review. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this outcome. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. It appears that IM and IV administration of anti-D are equally effective. The number of included studies and the number of participants are not enough to assess whether there are any differences. The choice of IM or IV route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences. This review found insufficient information upon which to guide practice due to the limited number of studies, small sample sizes and methodological limitations.
Eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes were included in this review. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA trial which included patients who had multiple risk factors for coronary artery disease. The risk of bias of the trials was low. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences in the risk of death from any cause (all-cause death, vascular death or heart attack). Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes participants). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194) versus 356/3146 (11.3%), random effects odds ratio (OR) 0.81; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0 to 1.49) for ADP receptor antagonists versus other antiplatelet drugs. There were no data available from any of the studies on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for diabetes, or costs. The available evidence is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for diabetes separately. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup analyses of diabetes in trials with combined populations are needed to provide a more robust evidence base to guide clinical management. Therefore, recommendations for the use of ADPs for the prevention of CVD are based on available evidence from trials including patients with and without diabetes.
Ten trials met the inclusion criteria with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention and one evaluated six-week interventions. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's primary outcome measures (quality of life). Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that airway clearance may be easier with non-invasive ventilation and people with cystic fibrosis may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that non-Invasive ventilation increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. No clear differences were found between non- invasive ventilation compared with oxygen or room air except for exercise performance, which significantly improved with the intervention. One trial reported that a participant withdrew at the start of the trial due to pain on respiratory muscle testing. One study reported that one participant could not tolerate an increase in inspiratory positive airway pressure, one participant developed a pneumothorax when breathing room air and two participants experienced aerophagia which resolved when inspiratory negative airways pressure was decreased. None of the studies reported on adverse effects. The effect of NIV on exercise was unclear. The single intervention trial had a low risk of bias for the randomisation procedure with the remaining trials judged to have an unclear risk of biases. Most trials had incomplete outcome data and selective reporting. In most of the included trials we judged there was an unclear level of bias with regards to blinding due to inadequate descriptions. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to low for most outcomes. The quality of evidence for quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing was moderate or very low. The evidence for other outcomes was low to very low due to the small numbers of participants and statistical issues in the results between the RevMan and the original trial analyses. We found no clear differences between NIV and oxygen and room air for any of our outcomes. We concluded that NIV, used in addition to oxygen, may improve gas exchange during sleep to a greater extent than oxygen therapy alone in people with moderate to severe lung disease. These benefits have largely been demonstrated in single treatments with a small number of participants. The impact of this therapy on pulmonary exacerbations and disease progression was not clearly demonstrated in the included studies. Non-in invasive ventilation may be a useful adjunct to other airway clearing techniques, particularly in people who have difficulty expectorating sputus.
This review included seven studies on 245 people with COPD. We found that NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable COPD had no consistent clinically or statistically significant effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life (HRQoL), forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), forced vital capacity (FVC), maximal inspiratory pressure (PImax) and sleep efficiency. The mean effect on 6MWD was small at 27.7 m and not statistically significant. Given the width of the 95% confidence interval (CI) of all outcomes included zero, we cannot exclude an effect that is clinically significant. Meta-analysis of the two new long-term studies did not show significant improvements in blood gases, respiratory muscle strength or lung function after 12 months. However, the small sample sizes of these studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of nocturnal-NIPPV.
We included four randomised controlled trials, involving 1190 women. The evidence is current to February 2016. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. The studies were of moderate to high quality, and compared induction of labour for suspected macrosomia to expectant management or no intervention. We found no clear differences between groups for the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear difference in the rate of brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There were no strong evidence of any difference between groups in measures of neonatal asphyxia; low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or low arterial cord blood pH (low blood pH) (two trials, low quality evidence). The risk of birth fractures and shoulder dystocia were reduced in the induction group, but there was considerable heterogeneity between studies for this outcome. Mean birthweight was lower in the intervention group. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the women who were induced. Induction of labour did not appear to alter the rate or duration of labour, and it is likely to be popular with many women. However, induction may increase the number of women who need to be re-intervened in the future. The results from trials included in the review suggest that to prevent one fracture, it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 women. For outcomes assessed using GRADE, we based our downgrading decisions on high risk of bias from lack of blinding and imprecision of effect estimates. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses suspected of being macrosomic should be discussed with parents. Although some parents and doctors may feel the evidence already justifies induction, others may justifiably disagree. Also antenatal estimates of the baby's weight are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed. The possibility of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. More than half of the trials had a low risk of bias. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in the remaining 26 trials had vitamin D insufficiency (less than 20 ng/mL). Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together. When different forms of vitamin D were assessed in separate analyses, only vitamin D3 decreased mortality (4,153/37,817 (11.0%) vs 4,340/38,110 (11).4%). Vitamin D2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. A subgroup analysis of trials at high risk of biased suggested that vitamin D2 may even increase mortality, but this finding could be due to random errors. Trial sequential analysis supported our finding regarding vitamin D, with the cumulative Z-score breaking the trial sequential monitoring boundary for benefit, corresponding to 150 people treated over five years to prevent one additional death. 'Worst-best case' and 'best-worst case' scenario analyses demonstrated that vitamin L could be associated with a dramatic increase or decrease in mortality.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness and safety of these drugs for people with type 2 diabetes. Twenty-two randomized controlled trials were included in the review, with a total of 296 participants for fluoxetine, 2036 for orlistat, and 1047 for sibutramine. All three drugs produced modest weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss was modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. Glycated hemoglobin also modestly and significantly reduced modestly with fluoxets and orlistats. Gastrointestinal side effects were common with orlist at; tremor, somnolence and sweating with fluxetine; and palpitations and tingling of the hands and feet with the other two drugs. The safety of the other drugs is uncertain. No studies were identified that fit inclusion criteria for pseudoephedrine, ephedra, sertraline, yohimbine, amphetamine or its derivatives, bupropion, topiramate, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, and bromocriptine. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, were available on other drugs and a significant decrease in weight was noted in three studies of mazindol, one of phenmetrazine, and two of phentermine. There is a paucity of data on other medications for weight loss or control in persons with diabetes.
Five studies involving a total of 734 participants were eligible for inclusion in this review. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extracting aggregate data to synthesise the results as originally planned, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those chosen for the review. No significant differences favoured VGB or CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. Compared with CBZ, VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. Data are currently insufficient to address the risk-benefit balance of VGB versus CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. VGB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy and should not be considered a first-line choice. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Moreover, future monotherapy studies of epilepsy should report results according to the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and methodological quality should be improved.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the addition of plerixafor to a G-CSF mobilisation regimen with placebo. We found four trials that met our inclusion criteria, but two of these closed prematurely due to low numbers of participants and did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both studies, the experimental group received GCSF plus plerxafor and the control group received placebo. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. One trial with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of plers, were published several times. The results of the analysed data suggest that additional plers are more effective in increasing stem cell collection in a shorter time. There was no evidence for differences between the groups in terms of survival at 12 months (600 participants) and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection (593 participants). Regarding the outcome of successful stem cell transplantation, the results showed an advantage for those participants randomised to the plers. In the study of the multi-myeloma study, 95.9% (142 participants) in the Plersafor arm and 88.3% in the placebo arm underwent transplantation and 90% (135 participants) could be transplanted compared to 55.4% (82 participants) who received the placebo group. There were no differences in time to neutrophil and platelet engraftment in transplanted participants. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival. Two more trials, which included nine participants, terminated early without publishing any outcome. Due to the unpublished RCTs, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. Seven of the trials recruited women with symptoms of incontinence, while the others required women with urodynamic stress (UST). Seven trials were published only as abstracts. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Cones were better than no active treatment, or between cones and electrostimulation, but the confidence intervals were wide. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at economic outcomes. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. This review provides some evidence that weighted vaginal cones are better than other active treatments in women with SUI and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT and Electrostimulation. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
Eleven randomised controlled trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) were included within the review. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with usual care. The effect of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care compared with decision aids. There is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of educational or behavioural interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. Thus, more trials are needed to examine the effects of interventions on anticoagulation control in patients and the mechanisms by which they are successful. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
Seventy randomised controlled trials (11,487 women) are included in this update. Two of these new trials compare prostaglandin E2 with no treatment, four compare different PGE2 formulations (gels versus tablets, or sustained release pessaries) and one trial compares PGF2a with placebo. The majority of trials were at unclear risk of bias for most domains. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain. Prostaglandins probably increase the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, they increase uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart changes but do not effect or may reduce caesarean section rates. They increase the likelihood of cervical change, with no increase in operative delivery rates. The use of PGE1 tablets, gels and sustained release preparations appear to be as effective as each other, small differences are detected between some outcomes, but these maybe due to chance.
Eleven potential studies were identified of which five, involving 247 infants, were included in this review. When compared to incubator care, cot-nursing resulted in no significant difference in mean body temperature (MD 0.02 degrees C; 95% CI -0.02 to 0.07, four trials), though the one trial that reported on episodes of hyperthermia found this to be statistically more common in the cot nursing group (RR 1.48) but these results failed to reach statistical significance. There were no statistically significant differences in weight gain. In three trials, fewer infants were breast fed on discharge (three trials, 150 infants) and fewer infants died prior to hospital discharge (four trials, 235 infants). In the five trials that included a total of 231 infants, there was no difference in body temperature between the two groups. The comparison of cot nursing with warming of the nursery resulted in statistically significantly smaller weight gain during week one compared to the incubator group in one trial involving 38 infants (MD -5.90 g/kg/day) but no difference was found for weeks two and three. In the comparison of a heated water-filled mattress versus an incubator, which included five trials involving 231 infants and produced similar results, there were no differences in temperature control and weight gain between the groups. As limited data is available, it is not recommended as practice. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further using randomised controlled trials. This is especially the case in the situation of developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low- to very low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques. Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three randomised controlled trials, involving 244 women. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The evidence is current to May 2015. The trials did not show any difference in reducing the rate of manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion, mean blood loss or the mean time from injection to placental removal (minutes) or side-effects (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglands. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two using CNP, one using nasal CPAP and one both CNP (for less ill babies) and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker babies). For this update, we included no new trials. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) and lower overall mortality in infants with birth weight above 1500 g. We found no difference in bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as oxygen dependency at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants), as well as a difference in outcome at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). In preterm infants with respiratory distress, the application of CDP as CPAP or CNP was associated with reduced respiratory failure and mortality and an increased rate of pneumothorax. CDP was also associated with increased risk of pneumonia. Four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. Meta analysis of two studies indicated that foam dressings do not promote the healing of diabetic foot ulcers compared with basic wound contact dressings (RR 2.03, 95%CI 0.91 to 4.55). Pooled data from two studies comparing foam and alginate dressing found no statistically significant difference in ulcer healing compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings. Currently there is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective than other types of dressing however all trials in this field are very small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as dressing cost and the wound management properties offered by each dressing type e.g. exudate management.
We identified three randomised controlled trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment. The trial showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher proportion of participants with pain relief, both at middle/long-term follow-up (two to five years) and in the long term (≥ five years). No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. Surgical intervention improved quality of life and improved preservation of exocrine pancreatic function, but not at the end of the trial. The third trial, involving 15 participants, looked at the comparison of surgical intervention versus conservative treatment, and the trial had methodological limitations, and was relatively small. This review shows that surgery is superior to endoscopy for pain relief in patients with obstructive chronic pancreatitis and dilated pancreatic duct, but the small trials identified do not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome. Other trials need to confirm these results because of the methodological limitations and limited number of patients assessed in the present evidence.
Only one trial was identified for inclusion in this review. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. Patients were randomised to early post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) or delayed bathing (showering for at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of normal bathing) (n = 442). The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection (SSI). There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of patients who developed SSIs between the two groups (857 patients; RR 0.96; 95% CI 0.62 to 1.48). The proportions of patients in the early bathing group and in the delayed bathing group were 8.5% and 8.8% respectively. The confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in SSI by early bathing cannot be ruled out. There is currently no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus delayed pre-operative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications. We recommend running further randomised controlled trials to compare the benefits and harms of showering and bathing.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared corticosteroids with no treatment in people with MS. We found only one trial that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The trial had a high risk of bias, which means that we are very uncertain about the effects of oral prednisone compared to no treatment, because it came from a single small study. The evidence was of very low quality. We were able to combine the results of one trial, which did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. This trial did not report side effects in detail, but one participant died. There was little or no difference in number of participants who achieved remission, or change in disability or impairment after one year (low-quality evidence). Neuropathy Impairment Scale scores after 12 weeks improved in 12 of 19 participants who were randomised to treatment with a daily steroid (prednisone) compared with five of 16 participants who received no treatment. Change of grip strength or Medical Research Council (MRC) scores demonstrated no difference between groups. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) with daily prednisolone. Most side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups, but with high-dose monthly oral cortisone moon Facies is probably less common. The quality of evidence was very low due to the small number of people included in the trial and the small size of the study. We need further research to identify factors that predict response. We also know from observational studies from large non-randomised studies that long-term use causes serious side effects. We are uncertain about whether cortics are beneficial, because the quality of the evidence is very low. Nevertheless, they are commonly used in practice, supported by observational studies.
Six studies including a total of 2100 participants met the inclusion criteria: we pooled four studies including 792 people in the main efficacy analyses, and presented the results of a cluster implementation study and an oral steroid tapering study separately. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results. Baseline characteristics relating to asthma severity were variable, but studies generally recruited people with asthma taking regular medications and excluded those with COPD or severe asthma. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check-up needed oral corticosteroids for an asthma exacerbation than those who were seen face-to-face because the confidence intervals (CIs) were very wide (low quality evidence). In one study, 21 participants out of 1000 had exacerbations that required oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 (95% CI nine to 139) out of 100 for those who received a remote checked-up. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes. The larger implementation study that compared two general practice populations demonstrated that offering telephone check-ups and proactively phoning participants increased the number of people who received the review. However, we do not know whether the additional participants who had the review subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes. There was no difference in asthma control measured by the Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) or in quality of life measured on an asthma questionnaire (AQLQ). We could rule out significant harm of these outcomes but we were less confident because these outcomes are more prone to bias from lack of blinding. There is insufficient information to rule out differences in efficacy, or to say whether or not remote asthma checks are a safe alternative to being seen face to-face. Exacerbations that needed treatment in the Emergency Department (ED), hospital admission or an unscheduled healthcare visit all happened too infrequently to detect whether remote checks are safe. Current randomised evidence does not demonstrate any important differences between face-based and remote checks in terms of exacerbations, asthma control or quality of lives.
Three out of 16 studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 212 participants. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 methodological criteria. The outcome data of the following measures were homogenous and were pooled in a meta-analysis: functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity and pain. The results suggest that the outcome measures all favoured the exercise therapy but none were statistically significant. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the adverse effects of exercise therapy; no short-term detrimental effects were found in any study. None of the studies reported negative effects of the exercise treatment. Both studies showed that exercise does not exacerbate arthritis. Overall, based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) there was no clinically important or statistically significant evidence that exercise therapy can improve functional ability or improve pain. However, the low number of available RCTs limits the generalisability. The large heterogeneity in outcome measures, as seen in this review, emphasises the need for a standardised assessment or a core set of functional and physical outcome measurements suited for health research to generate evidence about the possible benefits of exercise for patients with JIA.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). We found that currently available antibiotics significantly reduced the risk for treatment failure between seven days and one month after treatment initiation. The effect was statistically significant when trials included older antibiotics no longer in clinical use. Studies providing older antibiotics not in use yielded an RR of 0.69 (95% CI 0.53 to 0.90; I² = 31%). Evidence of low quality from one trial in outpat patients suggested no effects of antibiotics on mortality (Peto OR 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.49 to 3.30). One trial reported no effects on re-exacerbations between two and six weeks after treatment. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failure and on length of hospital stay (RR 0.19, 95%, 95% CI -12.84 to -6.36; low-quality evidence). Evidence of moderate quality gathered from trials conducted in all settings shows no statistically significant effects on overall incidence of side effects (i.e. diarrhoea, nausea, vomiting, and vomiting) nor on mortality. Results of this trial show a large effect on mortality and on time spent in hospital. The length of time in hospital stay was similar in antibiotic and placebo groups. Only one trial (N = 35) reported health-related quality of life but did not show a statistically significant difference between treatment and control groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes except for mortality, which remains uncertain. Inpatients (with mild to moderate exacerbations) were more likely to be treated with antibiotics than those with severe exacerbations, but the results of this study remain uncertain. Outpatients were less likely to experience side effects than those who were treated with other antibiotics. We found no evidence that antibiotics had an effect on the risk of death or hospital stay, but these results are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure) and absent for other outcomes (mortality, hospital stay). Analyses show a strong beneficial effect of antibiotics among patients in the intensive care unit (ICU). These results are consistent with the use of antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit and for whom side effects, costs, and multi-resistance are likely to occur. These inconsistent effects call for research into clinical signs and biomarkers that can help identify patients who would benefit from antibiotics, while sparing antibiotics for those who have side effects and costs.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) randomising a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) to whole grain versus lower whole grain or refined grain diets. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. All included studies reported the effect of whole grain diets on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. Overall, we found no difference between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol (mean difference 0.07, 95% confidence interval -0.07 to 0.21; 6 studies (7 comparisons); 722 participants; low-quality evidence). Using GRADE, we assessed the overall quality of the available evidence on cholesterol as low. We found no studies that reported on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). We found insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors (blood lipids or blood pressure) such as blood cholesterol, blood pressure and total cardiovascular events. There is a need for well-designed, adequately powered trials with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors. The quality of evidence was low.
Thirty-eight studies with a total of 1896 participants were included. Only one study was judged at low risk of bias. Eight studies were judged at high risk of selection bias because of lack of allocation concealment and over half the of the studies were at risk of selective reporting bias. Three small studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after conservative orthopaedic management. In 10 studies, the use of a removable type of immobilisation combined with exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. One small study found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short term. There is no evidence of effect for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. Five studies investigated different rehabilitation interventions following either conservative or surgical treatment. In one study no immobilisation improved ankle dorsiflexion and plantarflexion range of motion compared with a cast, but another study showed using a backslab improved ankle movement compared with using a bandage. There were no studies on what type of support or immobilisation was the best. The use of weight-bearing made a small improvement in ankle movement after surgical fixation. However, it also led to a higher rate of mainly minor adverse events (49/201 versus 20/197; RR 2.30, 95% CI 1.49 to 3.56; 7 studies). There is limited evidence supporting early commencement of weight bearing and the using of a removed from the ankle to allow exercise during the period after surgery. Because of the potential increased risk of adverse events, the patient's ability to comply with the treatment to enable controlled exercise is essential. More clinical trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are required to strengthen current evidence.
Four studies met the inclusion criteria. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. An RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. The intervention group had fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control group, although this difference was not statistically significant. A non-randomised trial of peer support group therapy for adolescents demonstrated no change in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage of participants with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80% (p=.06). The second non- randomised trial found that the proportion of children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen compared to children on an NNRTI (non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase) regimen. However, the proportion for children achieving virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LPV andr regimen than for children in the control groups. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART are needed.
Five studies (696 participants) met the inclusion criteria. Participants had pain following third molar extraction, laparoscopy, minor day surgery and episiotomy. Participants were treated with fenoprofen 12.5 mg, 25 mg, 75 mg, 79 mg, 78 mg, 146 mg, 55 mg, and 55 mg. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. No serious adverse events or adverse event withdrawals were reported in these studies. The number of participants experiencing at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours compared to placebo was 2.3 (1.9 to 3.0). There was no difference in numbers of people experiencing any adverse events between fenuprofen 200 mg and placebo. Efficacy of other doses, other efficacy outcomes, and safety and tolerability could not be assessed.
Six trials were included; three of these trials are new to this update. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Two trials included women having surgery for prolapse and compared PFMT as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone (n = 118 women). Four trials compared the use of PFMT compared to a control group (857 women). PFMT versus control There was a significant risk of a bias in two out four trials in this comparison. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit in terms of stronger muscles. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency and bother with symptoms in the women who had PFMT, compared to those who did not. Two out of three trials reported urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency of symptoms and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups in favour of thePFMT group. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no significant difference in symptom score change between groups, whilst another found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the groups. Both trials reported prolapse-specific outcomes. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Further evidence relating to effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of the intervention for symptomatic prolapse in the medium and long term is needed. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle change interventions, and trials aimed at prolapse prevention. A large trial of combined PFMT supplementing surgery is needed to give clear evidence about the usefulness of combining these treatments.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials (1,724 analysed participants or ears) met the inclusion criteria for this review. Some included otitis externa, mastoid cavity infections and other types of CSOM. Methodological quality varied; generally poorly reported, follow-up usually short, and handling of bilateral disease inconsistent. Topical quinolone antibiotics were better than no drug treatment at clearing aural discharge at one week: relative risk (RR) was 0.45 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.34 to 0.59) (two trials, two trials, 197). No statistically significant difference was found at two weeks, but this was largely due to one trial and not significant after accounting for heterogeneity: pooled RR 0.65 (0.65) (four trials, four trials, 276) using the fixed-effect model, and 0.64 (1.64) (2 trials, 2 trials, 77) after adjusting for heterogeneity with the random-effects model, respectively. No difference was seen at weeks one or three in the number of people cured by topical antibiotics (without steroids) compared to no drug or topical antiseptics, although indirect comparisons suggest a benefit of topical antibiotics cannot be ruled out. Quinolones were significantly better at curing CSOM than antiseptic antibiotics at two to four weeks (three trials, three trials, 263), and compared to topical antibiotics without steroids at two and four weeks. Meanwhile, non-quinolone antibiotic effects were more mixed, changing over time. Evidence regarding safety was generally weak. More research is needed to clarify the risks of ototoxicity and whether topical antibiotics may result in fewer adverse events than other topical treatments. Further trials should clarify the effects of topical antibiotic effects, assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include further safety assessments.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS differentiated schizophrenia from all other mental health disorders with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%) and a specificity of 81% (74% to 87.1%). In seven studies, the use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. In 16 studies, using FRS will not correctly diagnose around 40% of people that specialists will consider to have schizophrenia, and these people will be prematurely discharged from care. Empathetic, considerate use of this diagnostic aid - with known limitations - should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. FRS remain a simple, quick and useful clinical indicator for an illness of enormous clinical variability. However, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available.
We included 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update; all interventions were adjuncts to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in 9 educational interventions and 44 participants in the 1 psychological study. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions. Our primary outcomes were participant-rated global assessment, reduction in disease severity (reported as objective SCORAD (SCORing Atopic Dermatitis)), and improvement in sleep and quality of life. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in eczema severity in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. Improvements in objective severity (intervention minus no intervention) by age group were as follows: age 3 months to 7 years = 4.2, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.7 to 6.8; age 8 to 12 years = 6.7%, 95% CI 2.1 to 11.2; and age 13 to 18 years = 9.9%. Statistically significant improvements were recorded for all intervention groups when compared with controls. Parents of children under seven years had significantly better improvements in the intervention group on all five subscales. However, in all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2 for objective scORAD. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objective scorad measure was statistically significantly better in the education group compared with the usual care groups. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original review. Educational and psychological interventions require further development using a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. There is also a need for comparison of educational interventions with stand-alone psychosocial self-help. A relative lack of rigorously designed trials provides limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational or psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic dermatitis in children. Comparative evaluation is needed to examine their impact on eczematological severity, sleep, psychological distress, and cost-effectiveness. The educational studies in both the original and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex intervention framework. The review has incorporated five new RCTs using educational interventions as an adjunct to conventional treatment for children with atopic Eczema. The quality of the included studies was low. Some included studies had methodological weaknesses; for example, we judged four studies to have high risk of detection bias, attrition bias, or other bias.
Fourteen trials contributed to this review (753 participants). There was some moderate quality evidence that HBOT was more likely to achieve mucosal coverage with osteoradionecrosis (ORN) (risk ratio (RR) 1.3; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1 to 1.6, P value = 0.003, number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 5; 246 participants, 3 studies). HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of wound breakdown without HBOT following operative treatment for ORN (moderate quality evidence) (RR 4.2, 264 participants, 2 studies). From single studies there was a significantly increased chance of improvement or cure following HBOT for radiation proctitis, and following both surgical flaps and hemimandibulectomy. There was also a significantly improved probability of healing irradiated tooth sockets following dental extraction in an irradiated field (RR 1.4, 1.7; 95%, P value of 0.009, NNTB 4). There is no evidence of benefit in clinical outcomes with established radiation injury to neural tissue, and no randomised data reported on the use of HBOT to treat other manifestations of LRTI. These trials did not report adverse events. These small trials suggest that for people with LRTIs affecting tissues of the head, neck, anus and rectum, HBOT is associated with improved outcome. HBOT may be justified for selected participants and tissues. An economic evaluation should be undertaken. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2961 participating surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, 2 on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. Using blunt needles reduced the risk of finger perforations with a relative risk (RR) of 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 0.54) in every six operations. In four studies, surgeons who used blunt needles also reduced the number of self-reported needle stick injuries. Because the force needed for the blunt needles is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence is rated as high. There is high quality evidence that using blunt needles appreciably reduces exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
We included seven randomised trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. Overall, the quality of the evidence was moderate to very low. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between triffluoperazine and low-pots. There was also no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. There were no significant differences in numbers of participants with at least one adverse effect (at least one side effect). However, there were more movement disorders. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, so more, newer studies would be needed. The quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to low quality.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants in total. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from intragastric tube to oral feeding. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain (1.36 g/kg/day), and provide some evidence thatresponsive feeding reduces the time taken for infants to transition from an enteral tube to an oral tube (5.53 days). The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. Overall, the data do not provide strong evidence to support the use of responsive feeding. Some (low quality) evidence exists that infants fed in response to feeding and satiation cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in included trials. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding affects other important outcomes. GRADE assessments indicated low quality of evidence.
Two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants were included in this review. One randomised trial involving 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo (mean difference (MD 0.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.11, P < 0.001) and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) versus placebo. No major events were reported. A second trial involving 18 participants showed no difference (P non-significant) in ABI in people who received a multivitamin B supplement (mean ± SEM: 0.7 ± 01, P = 0.1). No major event was reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies, with data from 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. The study reported on measures of clinical activity (mean percentage of children receiving active preventive advice, health service utilisation, number of visits, patient outcomes (mean number of filled teeth, mean percentage of patients having one or more teeth extracted and the mean number of decayed teeth) and healthcare costs (mean expenditure). The authors reported a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm of the study that was incentivised with a fee- for-service payment. However, the study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The other study compared capitation payments with fee for service payments. This study did not report data on the use of health service services or measures of patient outcomes. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. The quality of the evidence from the two included studies was low/very low for all outcomes. Further experimental research in this area is highly recommended given the potential impact of financial incentives on clinical activity, and particular attention should be paid to the impact this has on patient outcome.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. Zinc supplementation resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (16 trials of 7637 women). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight (14 trials of 5643 women). No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differing patterns were evident in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. There was no convincing evidence that zinc supplementation during pregnancy results in other useful and important benefits. Since the preterm association could well reflect poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in impoverished areas, rather than focusing on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation in isolation, should be an urgent priority.
Ten randomised controlled trials (1656 participants) met our inclusion criteria, and pharmaceutical industry funded none of these trials. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure (one month after treatment; three months after treatment). Probiotics use did not increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. We found no eligible RCTs for outcomes such as time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness. Low and very low quality evidence shows that, compared with conventional treatment, the use of probiotics could increase the number of people cured in the short term and decrease the relapse rate in the long term, but this does not translate to a higher number of patients cured over a longer period of time. There is a need for well-designed studies with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The included trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met our inclusion criteria. Two trials in Germany and Italy which are high-income countries, while four trials in upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey, and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan. Treatment of miscarriage with progestogens compared to placebo or no treatment probably reduces the risk of miscarriage; (risk ratio (RR) 0.64, 95% confidence interval (CI: 0.47 to 0.87; 7 trials; 696 participants; moderate-quality evidence). Treatment with oral progestogen compared to no treatment also probably reduces miscarriage rate; however treatment with vaginal progesterone probably has little or no effect in reducing the miscarriage rate. The evidence on the rate of preterm birth is uncertain, because the quality of the evidence for this outcome was based on only two small trials with very few events and was found to be of very low quality. We are uncertain if treatment of threatened miscarriage with the use of progestogenic drugs compared to a placebo or a no treatment has any effect on the rates of congenital abnormalities. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality ranged from very low to moderate. Downgrading of evidence was due to the high risk of bias in six of the seven included trials and a small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogenesis is probably effective in the treatment of women with threatened miscarriage, but may not have an effect on preterm births. The quality of evidence is very low for all outcomes.
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared laser photocoagulation with no treatment (or deferred treatment). We found five studies with a total of 4786 people. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic retinopathy; one study recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinopathies. All studies were at risk of bias because the treatment and control were different and no study attempted to produce a sham treatment. Three of the studies evaluated laser treatment with argon laser and one study investigated laser treatment of non-perfusion areas. One study compared laser treatment to no treatment and two studies compared laser therapy to deferred laser treatment. None of the included studies reported near visual acuity or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. At 12 months there was little difference between eyes that received laser treatment and those allocated to no laser treatment, in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of vision. Treatment with laser reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months. Longer term follow-up did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% reduction in risk of 20% loss of vision at five years. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic retinal disease with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction of progression of diabetes and a similar reduction of vitreous haemorrhage. We did not plan any subgroup analyses, but there was a difference in baseline risk in participants with non retina disease compared to those with retina disease. With the small number of included studies we could not do a formal subgroup analysis comparing effect in proliferative and non-retinopathy. This review provides evidence that laser photocagulation is beneficial in treating proliferative diabetes. This is partly related to reporting of trials conducted many years ago, after which laser photoagulation has become the mainstay of treatment of proliferative retina diseases. Future Cochrane Reviews on variations in the laser treatment protocol are planned.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%). The mean age was 65 years. Compared to oxygen therapy, CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation. There was very low quality evidence that the intervention may also reduce ICU length of stay (mean difference (MD) -1.84 days; 95% CI -3.53 to -0.15). We found no differences for mortality (low quality evidence). There was insufficient evidence to be certain that CPAP had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that the treatment may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention (partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2): MD 22.5 mm Hg; pH: MD 0.06). The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included trials did not present data on the following outcomes that we intended to assess: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion, oronasal drying, and patient-ventilator asynchrony. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analysis. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). With regard to the primary outcomes, women in one small trial were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective compared with women receiving ketamine. In a further small trial, no significant difference was seen in the number of women judging their pain reduction as effective when compared with ketamine (RR 1.42; 95% CI 0.98 to 2.07; 26 women). In the trial that compared spinal pain relief to spinal nerve block, women receiving spinal pain reduction were significantly more likely than women in the control group to regard their analgesia as adequate and were less likely to report severe pain during forceps delivery. No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal mortality or serious morbidity. Neonatal outcomes have largely not been evaluated. No significant differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). There is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps deliveries.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in at least one domain for the remainder. There was some evidence that yoga may improve quality of life (MD in Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ) score per item 0.57 units on a 7-point scale, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.77; 5 studies; 375 participants), improve symptoms, and reduce medication usage in people with asthma. The MD for AQLQ score exceeded the minimal clinically important difference (MCID) of 0.5, but whether the mean changes exceeded the MCID for asthma symptoms is uncertain due to the lack of an established MCID in the severity scores used in the included studies. The effects of yoga on change from baseline forced expiratory volume in one second were not statistically significant. Two studies indicated improved asthma control, but due to very significant heterogeneity (I2 = 98%) we did not pool data. No serious adverse events associated with yoga were reported, but the data on this outcome was limited. The quality of the evidence was moderate, meaning that we are uncertain about the effect of yoga for asthma. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects and its impact on lung function and medication usage.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different treatment regimens. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Three trials (78 participants) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo, but we were unable to perform meta-analysis because of variations in study analysis and presentation of trial data, with no access to the primary data for re-analysis. Two trials of interferon beta-1a (n = 58 participants) found no important difference in normalised manual muscle strength sum scores from baseline to six months (moderate-quality evidence). A single trial of methotrexate (MTX) provided moderate quality evidence that MTX did not arrest or slow disease progression. An open trial of ATG combined with MTX versus MTX provided very low quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy based on the percentage change data given. We were not able to draw conclusions from trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, and azathioprine (AZA) combined withMTX plus MTX, and arimoclomol versus placebo, because we did not have enough data to report either normalised or percentage change in muscle strength scores. A complete analysis of the effects of arimclomol is pending data publication. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. All analysed trials reported side effects. None of the trials included prespecified criteria for significant adverse events. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments included in this review were effective. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared linezolid with vancomycin for the treatment of people with SSTIs caused by MRSA. We included nine RCTs with a total of 3144 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. The trials were conducted in adults and children. The studies were conducted between 1990 and 2013. The results of the studies showed that people treated with the antibiotics were more likely to be cured of infections due to MRSA than people who were treated with a placebo. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus, and rash in the people who received the antibiotics. However, more people reported thrombocytopenia (blood clots) and nausea and vomiting when treated with antibiotics. It seems, from the available data, that the length of stay in hospital was shorter for those who received antibiotics compared with those who did not. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two groups. No RCT reported SSTI-related and treatment-related mortality. The average length of hospital stay was three days shorter with antibiotics than with placebo. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with antibiotics compared to intravenous antibiotics. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes the drug. Further well-designed, independently-funded studies are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants. We found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. Postoperative mortality, overall survival, and morbidity showed no significant differences, except of delayed gastric emptying, which significantly favoured CW (OR 3.03, 95% CI 1.05 to 8.70; P = 0.04). Furthermore, we noted that operating time (45.22 minutes), intraoperative blood loss, intraoperative red blood cell transfusion, and red platelet transfusion were significantly reduced with PPW. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
Six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants were included in this review. The effect of calcium channel blockers on the risk of death in a subgroup of traumatic subarachnoid haemorrhage patients shows a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients. Three RCTs reported death and severe disability as an outcome in this subgroup, and the pooled OR 0.67 (95% CI 0.46 to 0.98). This systematic review of randomised clinical trials in acute traumatic head injury patients shows that considerable uncertainty remains over their effects.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be at a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (11.54%) in the immediate defibrillators group. When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year (low-quality evidence), we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either intervention. Owing to the low quality of available evidence, we have been unable to determine conclusively whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different treatments for poor response to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF. Three trials were eligible for inclusion. Ten trials involving eight different comparison groups have been included. Only one trial reported live birth rates. The number of oocytes retrieved were significantly less in the conventional GnRHa long protocol compared to stop protocol and GnRH antagonist protocol. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was significantly higher in the GnR Ha long protocol group compared to the Stop protocol. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to control ovarian stimulation. More robust data from good quality RCTs with relevant outcomes are needed.
We included 53 randomised controlled trials with a total of 53 participants in this review. Family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations in people with schizophrenia, but it does not seem to affect the tendency of individuals/families to leave care. We did not find data to suggest that family intervention either prevents or promotes suicide. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality of the studies. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings.
We included three randomised controlled trials with 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. Two companies manufactured the drug-eluting balloons (Eurocor, Bonn, Germany; Medtronic, Fridley, Minnesota, USA). The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. Most participants were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the balloon angioplasty. We found no clear differences in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloons. However, DEBs showed better outcomes for the outcomes of target lesion revascularization (removal of the blockage of the stent) at six months and at 24 months and improvement of one or more Rutherford categories. Data were insufficient for subgroup or sensitivity analyses to be conducted. The certainty of evidence for all these outcomes is very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in the study design. We noted heterogeneity in the frequency of bailout stent deployment between studies as well as in the dosage of pac litaxel applied by the DEBs. Based on a meta-analysis of three trials involving 263 participants, evidence suggests an advantage for DEBs for anatomical endpoints such as target lesions (TLR) and binary endenosis (improvement of Rutherford categories) and for one clinical endpoint - improvement in Rutherford categories post intervention. Data show no clear difference in death between the two groups. Data from one trial did not provide enough information to be able to draw any conclusions about the effect of DEBs on the number of people who died. We concluded that the certainty of the evidence presented was very low for all outcomes. Adequately powered and carefully constructed randomized controlled trials are needed.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. We found that corticosteroids reduced the occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities, the duration of fever, time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP)) to normalise and the length of hospital stay. We also found that steroids reduced the time taken for clinical symptoms (fever, rash, rash) to return to normal. We did not find data on the incidence of adverse effects, mortality and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity. No studies detailed outcomes beyond 24 weeks. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence was considered to be of high quality for serious adverse events, mortality, duration of clinical symptoms and time for the laboratory parameters to normalize. We are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to high. The evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. Subgroup analysis showed some potential groups that may benefit more than others; however, further RCTs are required before this can be the basis for clinical action.
We included eight studies comprising 846 women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. Four studies involved comparisons of PIP with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Six studies contributed data to the PIP versus control comparisons producing 19 meta-analyses of outcomes measured at post-intervention or follow-up, or both, for the primary outcomes of parental depression (both dichotomous and continuous data); measures of parent-child interaction (maternal sensitivity, child involvement and parent engagement; infant attachment category (secure, avoidant, disorganised, resistant); attachment change (insecure to secure, stable secure, secure to insecure, stable insecure); infant behaviour and secondary outcomes (e.g. infant cognitive development). The results favoured neither PIP nor control for incidence of depression or parent-reported levels of depression (low quality evidence). There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants securely attached to their mother (low-quality evidence); a reduction in the number of infants with an avoidant attachment style (very low quality evidence); and an increase in the percentage of infants who moved from insecure to secure attachment at the end of the intervention. There were no differences between PIP and control in any of the remaining primary outcomes or secondary outcomes. None of the other comparisons showed differences in outcome or any adverse changes. We rated the overall quality of the evidence as low or very low for all comparisons. Five studies did not provide adequate information for assessment of risk of bias in at least one domain (rated as unclear). We assessed potential bias (random sequence generation, allocation concealment, incomplete outcome data, selective reporting, blinding of participants and personnel to the intervention and blinding of outcome assessment, and other bias). Four studies were at low risk of biased in four or more domains. The remaining five studies were not at high risk for bias. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We found one new study in this updated version. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). We found no convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores. None of the 11 trials reported maternal desaturation. The very low quality of evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation (N = three trials, 209 participants), maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood). There was high heterogeneity among these outcomes. A subgroup analysis showed no significant difference between the two intervention groups in low-risk studies, whereas the high risk studies showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six intervention groups in four trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. Reminder packaging resulted in an 11% increase in pills taken (mean difference (MD) 11% (95% confidence interval (CI) 6% to 17%)). Notable heterogeneity occurred among these trials (I2 = 96.3%). Two trials reported data for the proportion of self-reported adherent patients, reporting a reduction in the intervention group which was not statistically significant (odds ratio = 0.89). We conducted meta-analysis on data from two trials assessing the effect of reminder packaging on blood pressure measurements. We found that reminder packaging significantly decreased diastolic blood pressure (MD = -5.89 mmHg; P < 0.00001; I2 = 0%). No effect was seen on systolic (mean change -1.01, 95% CI -2.22 to 0.20; P = 0). We also found that reminding packaging significantly reduced glycated haemoglobin levels, although there was considerable heterogeneity among the included studies. No appropriate data were available for the remaining clinical outcomes, which included serum vitamin C and E levels, psychological symptoms (one trial each). We reported remaining data narratively. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. We concluded that reminder packing may represent a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected conditions. Further research is warranted to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. There was no significant difference in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. Trimetazidine may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high quality of evidence. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We included 61 studies in this review. These studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The majority of the studies were conducted in the 1990s, and included participants with a variety of types of cancer. The studies were of moderate to high quality. The evidence is current to June 2015. The main outcomes were the prevalence of kidney disease, the number of participants with chronic kidney disease and the number with kidney failure. The number of people with kidney disease ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of these 52 studies, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) kidney function, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in 0% to 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD)) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased kidney function. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer follow-up period with a longer risk of kidney dysfunction. Twenty-two out of 52 studies (including 851 participants) studied proteinuria, which ranged from 3.5% to 84% in participants with CCS. Eleven studies (involving 287 participants) assessed hypophosphataemia or tubular phosphate reabsorption (TPR), or both. Prevalence ranged between 0% and 36.8% in 287 participants, and from 0%. One non-qualified study could not find any association between cisplatin, carboplatin, or ifosmamide, or any combination of these, depending on the study population, received treatment combination, reported outcome measures, and the methodological quality of available evidence. The prevalence of hypertension ranged from 0.0% to 50% in 2464 participants (30/52 studies). Risk factors reported by one eligible study were older age at screening and abdominal radiotherapy. Three non-emedical studies showed that a higher body mass index increased the risk of hypertension. A non-editable study also found long follow up time as a risk factor. Both non-medication studies investigating risk factors found a higher risk of proteinuria in participants who were treated with transdermal proteinuria. The risk factors, analysed by three non-educational studies, included HD cisplarin, (HD) ifos famide, TBI, and a combination of kidney transplantation and abdominal radiation therapy. The overall quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and differences between the studies. The quality of evidence was very low due to differences in study design and the small numbers of participants included in the included studies. Risk of bias was high in all studies. Because of the profound heterogeneity in the studies, it was not possible to perform meta-analyses. With currently available evidence, we were unable to draw solid conclusions regarding the prevalence and treatment-related risk factors of specific adverse renal effects.
Two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® were included in this review. The results of the single trial of Cajanus cajan (Ciklav it®) suggest a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level of anaemia (low-quality evidence). No serious adverse effects were reported. Currently, no conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of Ciprilit®. Based on the published results for Cipilit® and in view of the limitations in data collection and analysis of both trials, it may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cell disease. This needs to be further validated in future trials. More trials are required to assess its role in the management of people with sickle cells and the results of its multicentre trials are awaited.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy. The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based or standard treatment. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials only 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET- positive, or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. One study was published in abstract form only; hence, detailed assessment of the risk of bias was not possible. The studies were reported as randomised controlled trials (RCTs), but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. Two of the three studies reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths. Progression-free survival (PFS) was shorter in participants receiving PET- adapted therapy without radiotherapy than in those receiving standard treatment with radiotherapy (very-low-quality evidence). This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy and those receiving chemotherapy but no radiotherapy. Short-term AEs only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term adverse events were reported in any of the trials. To date, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life (QoL), or short- and long term AEs are available. More RCTs with longer follow ups may lead to more precise results for AEs and TRM and QoL, and could evaluate whether this PFS advantage will translate into an overall survival benefit. It is still uncertain whether PET-related treatment adaptation and the effect of such an approach in those with advanced HL. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
We found 31 trials that met the inclusion criteria. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences were inconsistent. Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower mean fasting glucose (MD -0.40) and higher means for two-hour glucose response (MD 1.08) and insulin area under the curve (AUC) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (MD 20.30; 95% CI 4.24 to 36.36). Three trials examined the etonogestr vaginal ring and one examined an etonovaginal implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the levonorgestrel group, but the obese and normal weight women did not differ significantly. In a COC trial, a norethisterone group had smaller mean change in glucose two hours after the end of treatment than a levonorolol COC group. In an injectable study, a group using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had higher means than the group using norehisterone enanthate for fasting glucose and fasting insulin. Two trials compared extended versus conventional (cyclic) regimens. One showed the group with nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol had lower means for incremental AUC glucose and glucose 2-hour response and glucose hemoglobin and HbA 1c (MD 17.00; 95.67 to 28.33). Among five recent trials, two examined newer hormonal contraceptives with different estrogen types. Many of the earlier studies had limited reporting of methods. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. We cannot make strong statements due to having few studies that compared the same types of contraceptives. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomly assigned people with symptomatic hip OA to either a land-based therapeutic exercise programme or a group of people with hip or knee osteoarthritis. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries around the world and included a total of 559 participants. We found that exercise reduced pain and improved physical function immediately after treatment. Pain and physical function were estimated to be 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) in the control group; exercise reduced the pain by an equivalent of 8 points (95% CI 4 to 11 points; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 6) and improved the physical function by a mean of 7 points. The improvement in pain was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment (five RCTs, 391 participants): pain was reduced by 8 points on 0 to 100 points, the improvement translated to a sustained reduction in pain intensity of 4 to 12 points (0 to 100 scale). Physical function was improved by 24 points compared with 24 points when exercise was compared with a control group. Quality of life was measured on a norm-based mean (standard deviation (SD)) score of 50 points in the general population in the exercise group (10) and by 0 points in those who did not exercise. Only three small studies (183 participants) evaluated quality of life, with overall low quality evidence, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated (SMD -0.07, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.36). Moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 participants) indicated an increased likelihood of withdrawal from the exercise allocation (event rate 6%) compared with the control groups, but this difference was not significant (risk difference 1%). Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. The overall quality of the evidence was high for pain, and moderate for physical function. We considered that seven of the 10 included trials had a low risk of bias. However, the results may be vulnerable to performance and detection bias as none of the trials were able to blind participants to treatment allocation and, while most of the studies reported blinded outcome assessment, pain, physical function and quality of lives were participant self reported. The quality of evidence was moderate to high for all outcomes. Only five trials (419 participants) exclusively recruited people with symptoms of hip and knee OA. There was no significant difference in pain or physical function outcomes compared with five studies recruiting participants with hip-related OA (130 participants). Pooling the results of these 10 trials, we concluded that exercise programmes can reduce pain and improve physical function among people with symptomatic hip osteopathy.
Nine high-quality randomised controlled trials (RCTs) met the inclusion criteria for this review. Six trials focussed on comparison of exercise therapy versus no exercise therapy, whereas three trials compared two interventions that both met our criteria for exercise therapy. The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There was no evidence that specific exercise therapy programmes were more successful in improving activities and participation than other exercise treatments. Moderate evidence was found for improving mood. No evidence was observed for improvement in fatigue and perception of handicap when compared to no exercise therapies. There were no evidence of deleterious effects on exercise therapy in included studies. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups.
Only one trial including 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic) (n = 35) or delayed laparoscopy (mean waiting period of 4.2 months) (N = 40), contributed information to this review. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. The trial did not report quality of life or return to work. The other outcomes were available for 28 participants (28 people in the late group) and 35 participants (35 participants) in the earlier group. There was a statistically significant difference in the proportion of people who required conversion to open cholelectomy (6/35 or 17.1%) compared with 6/35 (0% or 17% in both groups) (P = 0.0743). The proportion of participants who developed serious adverse events was 0/28 (0%). This was significantly lower than in the group of people in which the surgery was delayed (9/40 or 22.5%). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the later group as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours of diagnosis. The duration of the hospital stay was shorter in the first group (1.25 days) than the second group (2 days). The length of time spent in the intensive care unit (HCP) was shorter (14.80 minutes) and there was a shorter operating time (14 minutes). The trial had a high risk of bias. Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it appears that surgery to remove bile from the biliary tract in the immediate post-diagnosis period reduces the morbidity during the waiting period, the length of hospital stay, and the time to perform the surgery. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (1), empyema of the gallbladder (2), gallbladders perforation (3), acute bilecystitis (4), acute cholangitis (5), obstructive jaundice (6), and recurrent bile colic (requiring hospital visits) (5). This trial was not large enough to be able to confirm or refute these findings. Further randomised clinical trials are necessary to confirm the findings of this review, and to determine if the waiting time is shortened further.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that met our inclusion criteria. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of evidence for our outcomes. Overall, long-term antibiotic prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI (plausible effects range between a 76% to a 0.26% relative reduction in SSI). There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-term antibiotics compared with a single dose (low-quality evidence). No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. For people undergoing orthognathic surgery, long term antibiotics probably reduce the chance of having SSI compared with short term antibiotics and the is uncertainty of whether short-time antibiotics decreases SSi risk relative to a single pre-operative dose of antibiotics.
We found only one small trial, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial compared elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis with a spontaneous birth by caesarean section and neonatal survival to discharge. There were no significant differences in the number of babies who died after birth but before discharge in the elective (intervention) group versus none in the spontaneous group. Similarly, for the secondary outcomes, there were no statistical differences in birthweight, ventilation requirements, necrotising enterocolitis and requirement for repeat surgery between the two groups. None of our prespecified maternal secondary outcomes were reported in the included study. We also examined gestational age at birth as a non-prespecified outcome. There was a small mean difference between the groups of women in the two arms of the trial (35.8 weeks (SD 0.7) in the intervention group and 36.7 (SD 1.5). Possible reasons for this small difference include a trend towards spontaneous preterm births in pregnancies complicated by fetal gastroesophageal reflux disease. This review is unable to draw any firm conclusions regarding the benefits or adverse effects of elective or spontaneous birth for babies born at 37 weeks. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
Three studies in adults satisfied the inclusion criteria, lasting up to one week; 122 participants were randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. We found no studies in children. All used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). Other medications used included non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; people with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of a difference in quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other side effects, and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. Our GRADE assessment of evidence quality was very low for all outcomes, because studies were at high risk of bias from several sources. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of paracetAMol alone or in combination with opioids for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Of the 15 trials, 14 were conducted in China and 14 in hospitals. The trials were of poor quality. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) and Chinese medicine suo quo wan (comprises spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) were the most commonly evaluated drugs. For the outcome of 'no clinically important improvement' astemizole and diphenHydramine were more effective than placebo, but the doses of a stemizole used were those that can cause toxicity. Adverse effects were poorly recorded. Data involving propanheline were heterogeneous (I2= 86.6%). Of the other interventions, oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract) showed benefit over the antimuscarinic doxepin in terms of 'No clinically important change' (n=104, 1 RCT, RR 0.45 CI 0.27 to 0.75, NNT 4 CI 2 to 7). The Chinese medicine suturing (suturing of spicesbush root and yam) showed improvement over the traditional Chinese medicine (dexepin). There are currently insufficient data to confidently inform clinical practice. Well conducted randomised trials are possible. Some may be underway. The limitations of these studies are plentiful and the risk of bias is high. These trials, however, are invaluable guides for current and future study design. Current practice outside of well designed randomised studies should be clearly justified.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 195 participants with MS. Two RCTs investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three compared expiratory muscle trained with no active control or sham training; and one RCT, regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. We pooled and analysed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and exergetic muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. Compared to no control, meta-analysis showed no significant difference in maximal inspiratory pressure (mean difference (MD) 6.50 cmH2O, 95% confidence interval (CI) −7.39 to 20.38, P = 0.36, I2 = 0%). Meta-analysis with a random-effects model failed to show a significant difference between groups with regard to predicted maximal exertion, but there was a significant benefit on the predicted maximum exertion level (MD 20.92 cmH 2O). However, two trials on inspiratory muscles training assessed fatigue using the Fatigue Severity Scale (range of scores 0-56), finding no difference between the two groups. One trial assessed quality of life, finding no differences between groups. For all predetermined secondary outcomes, such as forced expairatory volume, forced vital capacity and peak flow pooling, it was not possible to combine the results of the included trials because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of design limitations in the included studies and imprecise results. This review provides low-quality evidence that resistive muscle training combined with a resistive threshold device is moderately effective postintervention for improving predicted exertion levels in people with mild to moderate MS. The sustainability of the favourable effect of inspiratory Muscle Training is unclear, as is the impact of the observed effects on quality of Life. It was not able to perform a meta-Analysis for adverse events, no serious side effects were mentioned in any of the studies. These studies did not report outcomes for health-related quality-life. Due to the low number of studies included, we could not perform cumulative meta- analysis or subgroup analyses.
This review included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised, with only 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This RCT compared the effect of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication for treating ITP during pregnancy. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal intracranial bleeding were not studied by this RCT. Current evidence indicates that compared to no medication, betametasone did not reduce the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia or neonatal bleeding in ITP in pregnant women. Review authors conducted an intention-to-treat analysis which showed similar findings: RR 1.18, 95% CI 0.57 to 2.45, respectively. This review does not provide evidence about other medical treatments for ITP. This systematic review also identifies the need for well-designed, adequately powered randomised clinical trials for this medical condition. Any future trials should test a variety of important outcomes, including maternal, neonatal or both outcome measures. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Betamethaeton for the treatment of ITP for pregnancy. Unless randomised trials provide evidence of a treatment effect and the trade off between potential benefits and harms are established, policy-makers, clinicians, and academics should not use betametaeton for treatment of this condition.
We identified two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. In recipients of DALK, one participant had interface neovascularisation (a proliferation of blood vessels where the host and donor cornea come together) and one had wrinkling of Descemet's membrane, the basement membrane separating the corneal stroma from the endothelium. A single case of graft failure in a penetrating ker atoplasty was reported. The majority of these cases were successfully treated with steroids. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK (odds ratio (OR): 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE rating: moderate). Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. However, the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% CI, suggesting an imprecise estimate. Therefore, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another with regard to graft failure. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were reported with similar frequency in both intervention groups. For both types of surgery, these included steroid induced ocular hypertension and persistent epithelial defects. One participant required graft resuturing and one person had an atonic pupil, a condition in which the pupil dilates and is non-reactive. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate, with methodological limitations, incomplete data analysis and imprecision of findings, as well as high risk of bias in several areas for both studies.
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with endpoint haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (mean difference (MD) 5.30, 95% CI 4.14 to 6.45, 51 studies, 6861 women, high quality evidence). Women received iron had a reduced risk of iron deficiency (moderate quality evidence) and no studies reported mortality. Seven trials recruiting 901 women reported on 'any side effect' and did not identify an overall increased prevalence of side effects from iron supplements. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of an increased occurrence of nausea among women randomised to iron. Seven studies recruiting 1190 women identified evidence of increased abdominal pain (low quality evidence), and eight studies recruiting 1036 women identified an increased incidence of hard stools/constipation. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be meta-analysed and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and appears to reduce symptomatic fatigue. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects.
Five studies were included in this review with a total of 1,726 patients. One additional study is ongoing and has not been incorporated in the review. Among five included studies, no reduction in all-cause mortality was observed in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). However, this result may have been driven by findings from the single first-line treatment setting study. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed to be low to moderate quality. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes such as diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 or 4 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. There was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment over irinotecan alone. Given the low and moderate quality of the evidence, future studies with sufficient numbers of patients in each treatment arms are needed.
This review found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution. There was no difference seen in other early or late complications and recovery times were similar although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. The analgesia use and the pulmonary compromise may be reduced with a transversal incision but this does not seem to be significant clinically as pulmonary complication rates and recovery time were the same. The likelihood of wound rupture appears to be reduced and the surgical site may look better. The methodological and clinical diversity and the potential for bias also mean that the results should be treated with caution and that the optimal incision for abdominal surgery still remains the preference of the surgeon.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. All included studies were judged as having high risk of bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute LBP, individuals receiving MBR had less pain (four studies with 336 participants) and less disability (three studies with 240 participants), as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days (two studies with 210 participants), at 12-month follow-up. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, and time away from work. The effect sizes for pain and disability were too small to be clinically meaningful, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. Return to work was not reported in any of the studies. The available research provides mainly low to very low-quality evidence, thus additional high-quality trials are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants with bone metastases from prostate cancer. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response between bisphosphonates and control regimens in men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. In absolute terms, there may be no clinically relevant difference in pain response in 40 more participants per 1000 (19 fewer to 114 more). Secondary outcomes: we found no differences in the number of deaths (47 fewer to 21 more). Outcome definition of quality of life and the measurement tools varied greatly across trials and we were not able to extract any quantitative data for meta-analysis. We observed no difference between groups in the incidence of skeletal-related events (skeletal events) and disease progression (disease progression) in participants with metastases to bone (9 trials; 3153 participants; moderate quality evidence). We found 58 fewer SREs per 1000 compared with controls (85 fewer to 27 fewer). Findings of our predefined subgroup and sensitivity analyses were no different from those of the primary analyses. The number of participants affected by nausea (7 trials; 3008 participants) probably increased by seven more cases of nausea (0 fewer to 14 more). We observed a reduction in the occurrence of osteonecrosis of the jaw (2 fewer to 29 more) between groups (5 trials; 1626 participants; very low quality evidence) in absolute terms. We did not find a difference in decreased analgesic consumption (4 trials; 416 participants; low quality of evidence) between the two groups. We were unable to extract data for the quality of the evidence for other outcomes (quality of life, renal adverse events, quality of kidney adverse events). The quality of our evidence was low due to the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants included in the analyses. Based on low-quality evidence, we concluded that there may not be any clinically relevant differences between the treatment groups for pain response and mortality in men who have metastases in bone. However, there is a small difference between the treatments for disease progression and progression in participants who have disease progression. We also observed no clear differences between groups for the incidence and progression of disease progression in people who have a metastatic bone metastasis to bone compared with those who have not metastases. We assessed the evidence as being of moderate quality because of the small sample size of the included in this review and because the results were not consistent across trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in patients with relapsed FL. We included five trials involving 1093 patients. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Four trials in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapsed patients were included in this review. Overall, the quality of the five trials is rated to be moderate. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias are uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We found a statistically significant increased PFS in patients who had previously untreated FL. However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage (HR = 0.42 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33 to 0.54; P < 0.00001). The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to the statistically significant PFS advantage in the HDT plus ASCT arm (PFS: 0.36; 95% CI 0.23 to 055; P = 088; OS: 088). These effects are confirmed in a subgroup analysis of one trial (one study). For patients who were previously untreated, there are no statistically significant differences in terms of PFS and OS between the two treatment groups. No differences were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers. In the four trials in the previously untreated group, there were no differences between the treatment group and the control-arm in terms TRM or secondary acute myeloid leukaemia/myelodysplastic syndromes or solid cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT+ ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). In one trial, there is some evidence (one small trial, N = 70) that HDT was more effective than chemotherapy for patients who have relapsed with FL. For this trial, no results were reported on TRM and adverse events. In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT and ASCT compared with chemotherapy and immunotherapy compared with immunotherapy for patients with newly untreated patients with FL, but there is not enough evidence to determine whether this benefit will translate into an overall survival advantage. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect more precisely.
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of performance bias within the trials but overall, risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear. Data showed that WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment. However, when WDD was compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, no difference was observed (2 RCTs n = 140, RR 118 95% CI 098 to 143, moderate-quality evidence) and mental state (total endpoint Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS): 2 RCTS, n =140, MD 084, 95% confidence interval (CI) -4.17 to 5.84, low- quality evidence). However, WDD is associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments. When WDD + antipsychotics was compared to antipsychosis alone, the combination group had better global state (short-term results), mental state and fewer people with EPS (total outcome PANSS: 4 RCTed studies n = 250, MD -9.53, CI -17.82 to -1.24, low quality evidence), but there was no effect on weight gain (1 RCT n = 108, RR 0.50, CI 0.20 to 1.24) and reduction of the mean use of risaridone (1 study n = 107, RR -0.70, CI 1.70 to 0.53). When the combination showed benefits for global state, mental state, and weight gain, there were fewer adverse effects. The available evidence is not high quality. We found no data on outcomes directly reporting quality of life, hospital service use and economics. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of W DD.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different types of arch wire. We found 12 studies with a total of 799 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. We included studies that compared two types of wire, one of which was made of multistrand stainless steel, and one made of single-strand superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. Three studies were conducted in the USA, and two studies in the UK. The studies were of moderate to low quality, and the quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The main results were that there was insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there was a difference in rate of alignment between the two types. The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there were no meaningful differences between the interventions. Moderate-quality evidence also suggests that there may be no difference in pain at the start of the treatment period between the intervention and the control group. Pain was not measured. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root resorption. We judged three studies to be of high risk of bias, and three to be at low risk of biased; six were unclear. The quality of evidence was low or very low for the outcomes of alignment and pain. There is insufficient evidence that any particular type of wire material is superior to any other in terms of alignment or pain.
We found only one study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes, but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) and mean scores for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items); Verbally Non-aggressive Behaviour such as repetition (four items); Physically aggressive Behaviour (nine items), such as hitting, swearing, and swearing (three items). Four of the five scales improved in the intervention group (Global: change mean difference (MD) −5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.59 to −1.79). There was no difference in change scores on the Physically Aggressive scale. There were no differences in the NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. Using GRADE guidelines, we rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. We also identified one ongoing study. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared frequencies of application of topical skin products. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD (primary outcomes of this review). The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than using soap. The second trial, being a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties, might be better than soap. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. Findings from the other trials, all of low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) and avoiding soap seems to be more successful than withholding these products. The performance of the combination of ingredients, the overall formulation and the usage (e.g. amount applied). High quality confirmatory trials using standardised, and comparable intervention regimens in different settings/regions are required. Furthermore, to increase the comparability of trial results, we recommend the development of a core outcome set, including validated measurement tools. The evidence is current up to 28 September 2016.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The type of antiviral, administration route, and treatment duration varied between the trials. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. The quality of the evidence was graded as very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Prospective studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcomes there was no statistically significant difference. The evidence is current to February 2019. The majority of included RCTs were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention. The effectiveness of the antiviral agents in acute IM is uncertain. Alongside the lack of evidence of effectiveness, decision makers need to consider the potential adverse events and possible associated costs, and antiviral resistance. Further research in this area is warranted.
This review included four randomised controlled trials involving 2250 people with type 2 diabetes. Insulin glargine was dosed once-daily in the evening with the option of an additional dose in the morning in three studies and initiated twice-daily, with somewhat fewer injection site reactions in one study. The results showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia between treatment groups. Glycaemic control, measured by glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), was equal to or less than 7% with or without hyperglycaemia, and did not differ statistically significantly between groups. There was no significant difference in the variability of FPG or glucose values in 24-hour profiles between the two groups. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or mortality. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality of the life and showed no differences between the groups. Our analyses suggest that there is no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between insulin detemir and insulin glargines for targeting hyperglycemia. However, to achieve the same glycaemic controls, insulin Detemir was often injected twice daily in a higher dose but with less weight gain, while insulin Glargine had somewhat fewer injections site reactions. Injection site reactions were somewhat fewer in insulin Glarmine groups. Overall, risk of bias of the evaluated studies was high.
Six trials were included in this review. Six trials assessed the effects of SNS for urinary incontinence. In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe urinary tract infection (FI) in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of faecal excretion compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy (mean difference (MD) −5.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.30 to −2.26 at 12 months). Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the crossover trial carried out by Thin, 15 participants with FI who received SNS compared with the percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) group experienced significantly lower episodes of FI per week during the stimulator 'on' period (1 (SD, 1.7)). In the trial by Kahlke, participants did not experience any FI episodes in either the one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ periods. No adverse events occurred. The crossover trial by Vaizey, participants reported an average of six, and one, episodes of abdominal pain and bloating per week respectively during the 'off' and on' periods respectively in two participants withFI. Abdominal pain occurred 79% of the time during the off' period compared with 33% during the on' period; for the group of five, however, the median (range) episodes of frequency of bowel movements per week rose from 1 to 11 compared with 3.7 (0 to 11). Two trials assessed constipation for constipation. For the two participants in the Kenefick trial, the two people with FI experienced an average two bowel movements (two per week) per week compared with five during the crossover period. Neither study reported adverse events. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 participants who preferred the stimulation period of stimulation they had preferred, and five who preferred stimulation in the off period. Four of 27 participants experienced an adverse event resulting in removal of the stimulation device due to complications or immediate device failure. These included: haematoma formation (3); misplacement of tined lead (1); and pain at stimulator site (1). Two of the trials assessed adverse events, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound (1) and pain following insertion of neurostimulator (2). In the study by Leroi, 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to complications and immediate failure of the device. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the stimulation time they had previously preferred. In contrast, in a trial by Dinning with 59 participants, SNS did not improve bowel movements and 73 adverse events (73 adverse events) were reported, which were mainly related to pain at the implant site and wound.
Two trials (n = 190), at low risk of bias, were included in the review and both presented data on first time failure at the tooth level. Pooling of the data showed a statistically significant difference in favour of molar bands, with a hazard ratio of 2.92 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.80 to 4.72). No statistically significant heterogeneity was shown between the two studies. Data were also available and showed statistically different difference between molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or a light-curing adhesive. One trial presented data for decalcification again, showing a statistically important difference. No other adverse events were identified. However, given there are limited data for this outcome, further evidence is required to draw more robust conclusions.
We identified 66 studies (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible according to the inclusion criteria. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall the quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of index test interpretation bias and two studies were at risk of selection bias. The meta-analysis of 50 studies (n = 4397) showed that the summary sensitivity and specificity of EUS in discriminating T1 to T2 (superficial) versus T3 to T4 (advanced) gastric carcinomas were 0.86 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 0.90) and 0.93 (CI 0.87 to 093) respectively. When we addressed the capacity of the EUS to distinguish between T1a and T1b (submucosal) cancers, we found that EUS diagnostic performance cannot be considered optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion, especially for the ability of the test to distinguish T1 (early gastric cancers, EGC) from T2 or T3 (muscle-infiltrating) cancers. For the diagnosis of metastatic involvement of lymph nodes (N-stage), the meta-Analysis of 44 studies (N = 3573) showed EUS accuracy was 0.83 or 0.67, respectively. However, we could not identify any consistent source of the observed heterogeneity between studies. Overall, as demonstrated also by the Bayesian nomograms, which enable readers to calculate post-test probabilities for any target condition prevalence, the accuracy can be considered clinically useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with Gastric carcinoma. Moreover, physicians should be warned that the accuracy is lower in diagnosing superficial tumors and lymph node status (positive versus negative). Overall, we observed large heterogeneity and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be drawn about the use of EU in routine clinical settings. Therefore, all accuracy measures reported in the present work and summarizing the available evidence should be interpreted cautiously.
We found six randomised clinical trials involving a total of 492 participants undergoing day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay surgery for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age of the participants varied between 40 and 47 years. With regards to primary outcomes, only one trial reported short-term mortality. However, the trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. Long-term deaths were not reported in any of the trials. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 (weighted rate 1.6%) in the day surgery group versus 1/200 (0.5%) in overnight surgery group; rate ratio 3.24; 95% CI 0.74 to 14.09). No significant difference was seen in the number of people requiring hospital readmissions (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 (5/239 (2.1%) compared to 5/154 (3.2%) in an overnight stay group) or in the proportion of failed discharge (failure to be discharged as planned) between the groups (3 trials; 290 participants; 5/136 (3/136) in the group undergoing day surgery compared to 3.5% of people undergoing overnight surgery). There were no significant differences in the quality of life of the patients in either group. The two groups did not differ in any patient-oriented outcomes such as return to normal activity or earlier return to work. Pain was similar in both groups. For all outcomes except pain, the accrued information was far less than the diversity-adjusted required information size to exclude random errors. We concluded that there was no difference between the day and overnight surgery groups for the following outcomes: pain, time to return to activity (2 trials, 217 participants; 0.69 cm visual analogue scale score; 1 trial, 74 participants; MD -2.00 days), return to activities of daily living (1 trial, 2.18 to 1.08 days), and return to the workplace (one trial, 474 participants). The quality of the evidence is weak because of the small number of trials and the risk of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance).
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. Studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. For postherpetic neuralgia, we found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks about 10% more participants reported themselves much or very much improved with high-concentration capsaicins than with placebo. The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did obtain high levels of pain relief, there were usually additional improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. More participants (about 10%) had average 2 to 8-week and 2 to 12-week pain intensity reductions over baseline of at least 30% and at least 50% with capsicin than control, with NNT values between 10 and 12 (2 to 4 studies, 571 to 1272 participants; very low quality evidence). For painful HIV-neuropathy, we included two studies (801 participants). One study reported the proportion of participants who were very much better than control at 12 weeks. For both studies, more participants (more than 30%) had at least 10% pain intensity reduction over two to 12 weeks with capsaicinas than control. One small study of 46 participants with persistent pain following inguinal herniorrhaphy did not show a difference between capsicins and placebo for pain reduction. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than control (3%). Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common than active treatment, based on small numbers of events. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for efficacy outcomes by one to three levels due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to publication bias.
We included three randomised controlled trials involving 6343 participants. As the trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke, we did a pooled analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up), after reassessing the results from all three trials using the primary electronic data files, and redefined outcome events where necessary, to achieve comparability. On re-analysis, there were no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis (N = 1746, risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 2.01), had no significant effect in people with 30% to 49%. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis without near-occlusion (moderate-quality evidence), and highly beneficial for those with 70% to 99%. However, there was no evidence of benefit for people with near-OCclusion. We found no benefit in people who had a stroke due to severe stenosis of the artery.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different surgical approaches for the prevention of parastomal herniation. We included 10 studies, with a total of 864 participants, in this review. All included studies reported results for the primary outcome and one study also reported data on one of the secondary outcomes (stomal prolapse). The results between the lateral pararectal and the transrectal approach groups were inconclusive for the incidence of the following outcomes: development of ileus or stenosis or skin irritation (low-quality evidence); development of stoma prolapse or stoma-related stenosis (moderate quality evidence); or development of skin irritation. The results were also inconclusive in the subgroup analysis in which we compared the effect of the ileostomy versus colostomy approach. The study did not measured other stoma related morbidity or mortality, but did measure quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. None of the included studies measured other surgical-related morbidity and mortality. The available moderate, low, and very low quality evidence, does not support or refute the superiority of any of the studied stoma formation techniques over the other. The indications for enterostomy placement and the baseline characteristics of the participants (age, co-morbidities, disease-severity) varied between studies. The present systematic review of randomized and non-randomized studies found inconsistent results between these two compared interventions regarding their potential to prevent parastomies. In conclusion, there is still a lack of evidence to support the ideal surgical technique for the formation of a stoma.
The evidence is current to May 2013. We included 24 studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for relapse, leaving the study early and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our main outcomes of interest. Overall, the evidence was very low quality. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation, mental state, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies compared with supportive therapy, but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low-quality. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We included 11 studies with a total of 949 participants with mostly moderate or severe cancer pain. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blind and one open-label. None had a placebo only control; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid or opioid combination, and one both. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or with another NSAID. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised cohort. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). We judged results for all outcomes as very low-quality evidence. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size. Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of efficacy (24%) or adverse events (5%). Two serious adverse events were reported with NSAIDs and 22 deaths, but these were not clearly related to any pain treatment. Common side effects were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). There is no evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. The quality of the evidence was very low.
Two studies comprising 287 participants were included in this review. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study, reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group and additionally at day 4 (P < 0.01, analysis of variance (ANOVA)) and also at day four (P = 0.05 (ANVA)). Thus tinzazaparin resulted in more rapid resolution of pain, as measured with a numerical pain scale. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days in favour of the tetracycline group, with a mean difference of 4.98 days (95% confidence interval -5.48 to -4.48). Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events, and none were reported in the group treated with dalteparin. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in people treated with the low-molecular-weight heparins than in those treated with placebo. The quality of evidence rated as very low was due to low sample size and imprecision (due to low occurrence of events). Based on the results of two studies, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low to moderate doses of heparin in people with sickle cell disease. Therefore well-designed placebo-controlled studies with other types of low- moleskin, and in participants with different genotypes of sickle cells, still need to be carried out to confirm or dismiss the findings of this single study.
We did not find any randomised trials that directly compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs and the reported non-randomised studies did not show any evidence of a significant difference between the two treatment modalities. Comparing antiplatelets with anticoageulants across 36 observational studies (1285 patients), there were no significant differences in the odds of death (Peto odds ratio 2.02, 95% CI 0.62 to 6.60), or the occurrence of ischaemic stroke (OR 0.63 to 1.86) (34 studies, 1262 patients). For the outcome of death or disability, there was a non-significant trend in favour of anticogeulants (26 studies, 463 patients). Symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages (5/627; 0.8%) and major extracranial bleeding (7/425; 1.6%) occurred only in the anticoaceulant group; however, for both these outcomes, the estimates were imprecise and indicated no significant difference in the two treatments. There were no randomised studies comparing either anticoactive drugs with control, thus there is no evidence to support their routine use for the treatment of external carotid artery dissection.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 2066 patients. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. We found that there is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-containing dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite. One trial showed fewer infections with silver nitrate when compared with a non-silver dressing, but three trials showed significantly more infection with SSD than with the other dressing. The remaining five trials found no evidence of a difference. Only one comparison showed a significant reduction in healing time associated with a silver- containing hydrofibre dressing in diabetic foot ulcers. Other wounds Six trials compared SSD/silver-containing dressing (nine dressings in total). Most comparisons (seven) found no significant differences in infection rates; one trial in a variety of wounds exhibited significantly fewer infections when using SSD/hydrocolloid, but another, in acute wounds, found significantly more infections with SSD. Two trials showed a significantly lower infection rate with silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) than with standard gauze. Six trials used SSD cream compared with silver dressing. There was no difference in the number of infections between the two treatments.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy (N = 4; odds ratio (OR) monotherapy versus combination 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 1.30), clinical cure, length of stay in intensive care unit (ICU), or adverse events. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin for clinical cure in the clinically evaluable population and there was a statistically significant increase in clinical cure for imipens. Of importance, this effect was due to the single study. For this comparison we downgraded the quality of evidence for mortality, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. Due to lack of studies, we could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP. However, carbapenems as a class may result in better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. We did not find a difference between combination therapy and monotherapy for the use of antibiotics for the diagnosis of VAP in adults. The quality of the evidence for adverse events to be low. Since the studies were small and did not identify patients with increased risk for multidrug-resistant bacteria, these data may not be generalisable to all patient groups.
We included 29 studies (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. Impact of policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. Relaxing reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to publically financed drug benefits for seniors and low income populations, for example), also require explicit measurement.
We included 19 studies with a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. Although one small study had contradictory results at 3 months and 6 months, the other study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points (very low quality evidence). The same two studies reported plaque reduction at 6 months and 12 months respectively. Neither of the studies measured dental caries. We found little evidence available that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gum disease, plaque or tooth decay. We rated the quality of the evidence from the included studies as very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results. There is insufficient evidence to recommend any specific method of OHA as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high-quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of oral health maintenance and improvement. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) or no treatment; one study of oral or intra-articular steroids; and one trial of manipulation under anaesthesia and intraarticular steroid injection with or without oral steroids. Study participants were similar across trials, but no trial used the same oral steroid regimen or dosage. Trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial and three trials used different comparators. One trial reported significant short-term benefits of oral steroid versus placebo: 48% more participants reported success (RR = 2 (95% CI 1.3 to 3.1, NNT=2); overall improvement in pain 2.7 points on a 0 to 10 point scale; total shoulder abduction increased by 23.3 degrees; Shoulder Pain and Disability Index (SPADI) score improved by 18.1 points. But benefits were not maintained at 6 weeks. A second trial reported no significant differences between oral steroid and placebo in pain or range of movement but it suggested improvement occurred earlier in the steroid treated group. A third trial reported that oral steroids provided a more rapid initial improvement in the pain compared to no treatment but negligible differences by five months. There were minimal adverse effects reported. Available data from two placebo- controlled trials and one no-treatment controlled trial provides "Silver" level evidence (www.cochranemsk.org). Oral steroids provides significant short term benefits in pain, range of movements of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks.
Three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 participants were included in the review. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between the two treatments at 12 months follow up in this trial. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations and incomplete outcome data, treatment cannot be judged as completely safe. Additionally, none of the included trials reported any adverse events associated with the use of the treatment. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised controlled trial on people with ALS.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 293). In another trial, clobetasol showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisolone in people with extensive and moderate disease. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids with a milder regimen in one trial. The effectiveness of adding plasma exchange, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil to corticosteroids, and combination treatment with tetracycline and nicotinamide needs further investigation. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP. Starting doses of steroid medication greater than 0.75 mg per day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of adverse reactions. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors.
Seventy-five randomised trials, involving 7957 participants with irritable bowel syndrome, met the inclusion criteria. Seventy-one different herbal medicines were tested in the included trials. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. Compared with placebo, a Standard Chinese herbal formula, individualised Chinese herbal medicine, Tibetan herbal medicine Padma Lax, traditional Chinese formula Tongxie Yaofang, and Ayurvedic preparation showed significantly improvement of global symptoms. In nine trials that evaluated herbal medicine combined with the conventional therapy, six tested herbal preparations showed additional benefit from the combination therapy compared with conventional monotherapy. No serious adverse events were reported. Some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritative bowel syndrome. However, positive findings from less rigorous trials should be interpreted with caution due to inadequate methodology, small sample sizes, and lack of confirming data.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of pericoital use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis to prevent pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants from diverse populations, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than LNG (4 trials), and hormones (7 trials). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. Pericoital LNG was reasonably efficacious and safe. The pooled Pearl Index for the LNG dose was 5.4 per 100 woman-years (95% CI 4.1 to 7.0 per 100 women-years). However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. Most women liked the method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not studied extensively. Most reports were decades old and provided limited information. We considered the evidence to be moderate quality because of the large number of participants, the low pregnancy rates and the consistent results across studies. Many studies had serious methodological issues. Rigorous research is still needed. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
We included 15 studies with a total of 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. We carried out a random-effects model meta-analysis for the seven studies that fully reported this outcome. There was strong evidence that reinforcement of anchorage was more effective in the reinforcement of teeth by 1.68 mm (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.27 mm to -1.09 mm; seven studies, 308 participants analysed) with moderate quality of evidence. This result should be interpreted with some caution, however, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this comparison. When direct comparisons were made between two types of surgery, there was not enough evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than another. No included studies reported adverse effects. Information on patient-reported outcomes such as pain and acceptability was limited and inconclusive. The quality of the included studies was low or very low. Eight studies were assessed to be at high overall risk of bias; six studies at unclear risk of biased; and one study at low risk of systematic error. The evidence is current to May 2015.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies compared two different statin regimens in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to meta-analyse 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Seven studies comparing statins compared statin therapy with placebo, and were conducted according to published protocols, outcomes were adjudicated by a committee, specified outcomes were reported, and analyses were conducted using intention-to-treat methods. Statin therapy consistently prevented death, major cardiovascular events, all-cause mortality, cardiovascular death, and heart attack or stroke in people who did not have CVD at baseline (primary prevention). Statins consistently lower death and cardiovascular events by 20% in people not requiring dialysis (secondary prevention). The effects of statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood. Statins had uncertain effects on progression of CKD. Data for relative effects of intensive cholesterol lowering in people with early stages of kidney disease were sparse. Potential harms were limited by lack of systematic reporting and were uncertain in analyses that had few events: elevated creatine kinase (7 studies, 4514 participants), liver function abnormalities, withdrawal due to adverse events (13 studies, 4219 participants), and cancer (2 studies, 5581 participants).
We included nine trials with a total of 379 participants. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were parallel designed RCTs. Only one study involved over 100 participants. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) for pain. All of the OI trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. For the two ITB studies for pain in CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo) (mean difference (MD) 4.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.15 to 6.25; MD 26.61 to 50.59, respectively). In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received alenronate. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. No adverse events were reported in this trial. At follow-up there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT A trials mostly involved people who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. No side effects were reported. Based on current data this systematic review is unable to determine the effects of pharmacological interventions for pain for children with cystic fibrosis with LLCs. The evidence that is currently available evaluated pain largely as a secondary outcome and the drugs used were all adjuvants and not always commonly used in general paediatric palliative care. The quality of the included trials was mixed. Published, controlled evidence on the pharmacological treatments for pain is limited. Future trials with larger populations should examine the effect of the drugs commonly used as analgesics; with the rising prevalence of many LLCs this becomes more necessary.
We found seven randomised controlled trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were involved in analysis of safety and tolerability outcomes. No data were available from the seventh trial. There was low quality evidence favouring latrepirdine on the Clinician's Interview - Based Impression of Change Plus Caregiver Input after 26 weeks (CIBIC-Plus) (MD -0.60, 95% CI 0.89 to 0.31, 1 study, P < 0.001). Due to imprecision in the results, it was not possible to determine whether latrepiritine had any effect on cognition measured with the Alzheimer’s Disease Assessment Scale cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) or the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) (3 studies, 3 studies, P = 0.45), or on function measured with a cognitive assessment of daily living scale (ADCS-ADL) at study endpoint (26 or 52 weeks). We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality. However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit of the drug on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) in mild-to-moderate AD patients. Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that latrepirstine and placebo were comparable in adverse events (serious adverse events), serious adverse events, dropouts and dropouts due to side effects (RR 0.86, 95%). Our meta-analysis is limited by the small number of studies, imprecise results and inconsistencies between studies and likelihood of bias. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of latrepirthine on neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD.
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stents. We included three trials (involving 371 participants) in the analysis of the effects of RIC on ischaemic stroke prevention. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment. There was no significant difference between RIC and non-RIC for reducing stroke severity as assessed by the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score and the final infarct volume (standardised mean difference (SMD) -0.24 mL, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.02 to 0.54; 2 trials, 175 participants, very low quality evidence). In people receiving intravenous thrombolysis, the rate of death or dependency was significantly increased by RIC treatment compared with non-IC treatment (RR 2.34; 95% 1.19 to 4.61; 1 trial, 285 participants, low- quality evidence), but no severe adverse event was attributable to RIC. In people with symptomatic arterial stenosis, there was no difference in the incidence of stroke between participants treated with RIC versus those treated without RIC, however the stroke severity was significantly lower in people treated with the RIC compared with those who did not receive RIC for improving the psychological impairment and the cognitive impairment in people with stroke and cerebral small vessel disease. Adverse events were more common in people who received RIC than in those who received non-RIC, but no serious adverse events were reported. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for risk of bias in six studies and unclear in one study; unclear for allocation concealment in four studies and low in three studies; high for incomplete outcome data (attrition bias) in five studies and very low in two studies.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 204 preterm infants. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups (triceps MD 0.06 mm/wk, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.21; one RCT, 20 infants; or subscapularMD 0.00 mm/kg/wk; four RCTs, 68 infants; I² = 89%). Protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays (18.5 days), and higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations compared to the unsuppulanted group. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on body weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. Protein supplementation clearly increased the risk of feeding intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis, or clearly altered serum albumin concentrations. However, the small sample sizes, low precision, and very low-quality evidence prevented any conclusions about these outcomes. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of a multi-nutrient fortifier, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifiers, and be designed to determine the effects on duration of hospital stay and safety, as well as on long-term weight growth, body weight gain, and body composition.
The review includes 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of PEMs to no intervention. One single study compared paper-based PEM to the same document delivered on CD-ROM. In addition, we re-analysed 54 outcomes from 25 ITS studies, using time series regression and observed statistically significant improvement in professional practice outcomes across studies after PEM dissemination (standardised median change in level = 1.69). Based on seven studies and 54 outcomes, the median absolute risk difference in categorical practice outcomes was 0.02. Based on three studies and eight outcomes, we found that the median improvement in standardised mean difference for continuous profession practice outcomes were 0.13. Only two studies and two ITS studies reported patient outcomes. From the data gathered, we could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and compared to a no intervention, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect on patient outcomes, and clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known.
A total of 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) met the inclusion criteria for this review. Most were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning). They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. Behavioural interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of STI transmission can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. Statistically significant effects for behavioural outcomes were common, though not universal and varied according to the type of outcome. There were few statistically significant effects on biological (STI) outcomes. Considerable uncertainty exists in the risk of bias due to incomplete or ambiguous reporting. Studies should use an RCT design where possible with integral process evaluation and cost-effectiveness analysis where appropriate. Given the predominance of USA studies in this systematic review evaluations conducted in other countries would be particularly useful. Future evaluations should include a greater focus on HPV and its link to cervical cancer, with long-term follow-up to assess impact on behaviour change, rates of HPV infection and progression to cancer.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychodynamic therapy with cognitive behavior therapy. The evidence is current to February 2019. We found that participants receiving brief psycho education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term (n = 448, 3 RCTs, 3 studies, moderate quality evidence) and medium term, but not in the long term. Compliance with follow-up was similar between the two groups. Relapse rates were significantly lower amongst participants receiving short-term psychoeducation than in the medium term. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in either groups, nor in the death rate in either group. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved in the group receiving short term psychoeducation. Data from a few individual studies supported the following findings: i) can improve the long-term global state of people with schizophrenia; ii) promote improved mental state in short term, medium term and long term; and iii) can lower the incidence and severity of anxiety and depression. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, short psychoeducation of any form appears to reduce relapse, and promote medication compliance in the shorter term. A brief psychoeducational approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent exacerbation was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk for bias, and possible selective reporting. Compared to the LABA+ICS arm, the results for the pooled primary outcomes for the LAMA+LABA arm were as follows: exacerbations, serious adverse events (SAE), and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change from the baseline, MD 0.82 (95% CI 0.70 to 0.96, P = 0.01, I2 = 17%, low quality evidence); severe adverse events, and FEV1 (low quality evidence), OR 0.08 L (0.06 L, 0.002, moderate quality evidence). All-cause death, OR 1.01 (95%, CI 061 to 1.67, P= 0.0006, Low quality evidence) and SGRQ total score change from a baseline of 4 points or greater (the minimal clinically important difference is 4 points), MD 1.25 (95%. CI 1.09 to 1). Moderate quality evidence supports the recently updated GOLD guidance.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. Study duration was from 7 to 16 months; all studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). Heliox was administered as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen administered for 20 minutes. The mean croup score at 20 minutes postintervention may not differ between groups (MD -0.57, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.46 to 0.32). There may be no difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate and in the number of children admitted to intensive care. In another study, 47 children with moderate croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. All children were discharged, but information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments was not reported. Children treated with heliox may slightly improve croup scores at 60 minutes after intervention, but there may have little or no difference overall using repeated measures analysis. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to open-label design. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not pool the available data because each comparison included data from only one study. We rated the quality of the evidence as low because of the small number of included studies and the small size of the included studies.
Eight studies were included in the review. There were 29 groups of index tests investigated however, only two featured in more than two studies. The risk of bias of studies was moderate with high risk of selection and verification bias the predominant flaws. Reporting of index and reference tests was poor. The prevalence of vertebral fracture in accident and emergency settings ranged from 6.5% to 11% and in primary care from 0.7% to 4.5%. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. One red flag in tertiary care appeared informative (contusion/abrasion). When combinations of red flags were used the performance appeared to improve. The results of combined tests appeared more informative than individual tests with greater precision. The available evidence does not support the use of many red flags to specifically screen for vertebral fractures in patients presenting for LBP. From the limited evidence, the findings give rise to a weak recommendation that a combination of a small subset of a red flags may be useful to screen for fracture. It should also be noted that many of the red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with LBP in the future. Further research should focus on appropriate sets of red flag and adequate reporting of both index tests.
Two randomised trials were identified. One trial compared the outcomes of surgical urethral dilatation and optical urethrotomy with urethroplasty in 210 adult men. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men initially treated by urotrotomy required continued self-dilatation or further surgery for stricture recurrence compared to 6 of 25 men (24%) men treated by primary surgery. In the first six months after surgery, men were more likely to require further surgery in the urotomy group than in the primary surgery group (RR 3.39, 95% CI 1.62 to 7.07). There were insufficient data to perform meta-analysis or to reliably determine effect size. There was insufficient evidence to determine which intervention is best for urethal stricture disease in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs. Well designed, adequately powered multi-centre trials are needed to answer relevant clinical questions regarding treatment of men with urethals.
Six trials (including one trial testing two relevant protocols) met the inclusion criteria for this review. The four paediatric trials (two involving preschool children and two school-aged children) and two adult parallel-group trials, lasting 12 to 52 weeks, were of high methodological quality. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the meta-analyses. There was no statistically significant group difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacerbations requiring oral corticosteroids (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% confidence interval 1.87 to 1.32; the large confidence interval translates into a risk of exacerbations in the intermittent ICS group varying between 17% and 25%, assuming a 19% risk with daily ICS). Age, severity of airway obstruction, step-up protocol used during exacerbations and trial duration did not significantly influence the primary efficacy outcome. No group difference was observed in the number of patients with serious adverse health events (1055 patients, RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.33 to 2.03). Compared to the daily treatment, the intermittent treatment group showed a smaller improvement in change from baseline peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) by 2.56% (95% CI -4.49% to -0.63%), fewer symptom-free days (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.15), fewer asthma control days (0.15) and a greater increase from baseline in exhaled nitric oxide of 16.80 parts per billion (a measure of inhaled nitrogen) compared to daily treatment. In children and adults with persistent asthma and in preschool children suspected of persistent asthma, there was low quality evidence that intermittent and daily treatment strategies were similarly effective in the use of rescue oral steroids and in the rate of severe adverse events. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily, compared to intermittent, inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone. The strength of the evidence means that we cannot currently assume equivalence between the two options.. Daily ICS was superior to intermittent treatment in several indicators of lung function, airway inflammation, asthma control and reliever use. There were no significant group differences in quality of life, adverse effects, hospitalisations, emergency department visits or withdrawals. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harm of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term (> one year) impact of intermittent therapy on lung growth and lung function decline.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 CKD stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies of increased fruit and vegetable intake, two of a Mediterranean diet and one study of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In very-low quality evidence, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health-related quality of life (2 studies, 119 people: MD in SF-36 score 11.46, 95% CI 7.73 to 15.18; I2 = 0%). Adverse events were generally not reported. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum cholesterol levels (1 study, 40 people) and serum albumin levels (6 studies, 541 people; MD 0.16 g/dL, 25% CI 0.07 to 0.24; I 2 = 0%) compared to a control diet. The risk of bias in the included studies was generally high or unclear, lowering confidence in the results. In all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. The quality of the evidence was low or very low due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of people included in the studies. The evidence is current to May 2017. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research in the setting of CKD and preliminary evidence of beneficial effects on risks factors for clinical outcomes, large-scale pragmatic RCTs to test the effects of dietary interventions on patient outcomes are required.
Only one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis) met the inclusion criteria for this review. Participants were randomised into three groups (nebulised salbutamol, nebulised saline and mist in a tent). The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. The results showed a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score in the group of children treated with nebulisation, but there was no significant difference in the RDS score between the groups. Since only one study was analysed, it would be misleading to conclude that mist therapy is ineffective in children with bronchediolitis. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy in children up to three years old.
We identified four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from baseline. There were no significant differences between statin and placebo (odds ratio 1.09). Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We found no studies assessing role of statins in treatment of VaD. Analyses from the studies available, including two large randomised controlled trials, indicate that statins have no benefit on the primary outcome measures of ADAS-cog or MMSE. There was no difference in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living in the statin or placebo groups.
Four studies involving 149 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing and not wearing night splints. One study evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months, but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. There was no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range of motion in children or adults with achille muscle weakness. Further research is required.
This review of 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduces the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean birth, the need for an epidural, and does not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Women who were upright were also less likely to have a caesarian section and less likely than women who were lying on their backs. Babies of mothers who were standing upright were more likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes including duration of the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. For comparison 2: Upright and ambulant positions versus recumbent positions and bed care (with epidural: all women), there were no differences in length of labour or duration of bed rest. There was no significant difference in the number of babies who were admitted to a neonatal unit. Based on the current findings, we recommend that women in low-risk labour should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose. Given the great heterogeneity and high performance bias of study situations, better quality trials are still required to confirm with any confidence the true risks and benefits for upright and mobile positions for all women.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required for inclusion in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow up. There were no adverse effects in either group. There is moderate evidence to suggest that treatment with BTX injections yielded no great improvements over placebo injections of saline. The second trial compared treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. This trial was of low quality. This review was complicated by a lack of generally accepted diagnostic criteria for TOS, especially the disputed form, agreed outcome measures, and high quality randomized trials that compare the outcome of interventions with no treatment and with each other. We found no evidence from RCTs for the use of other currently used treatments. We identified one study comparing natural progression with an active intervention.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included in this review. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and function. One trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks (WMD -1.40; 95% CI -2.73 to -0.07) compared with wrist splinting. In one trial involving 50 people with diabetes, steroid and insulin injections significantly improved symptoms over eight weeks compared with steroid and placebo injections. In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 participants) ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not significantly beneficial. However, one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound. In another trial involving 21 people carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved pain after three weeks compared to no treatment. Compared to placebo, two-week oral steroid treatment demonstrated a significant improvement in symptoms after four weeks and one trial also showed improvement after six months. In two trials with 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. SCORE compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (n = 165) with observation alone. GENEVA enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion, but did not present subgroup data for the CR VO-ME population. Participants in the SCORE study were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual acuity compared with participants in the observation group (1 mg; risk ratio (RR): 5.27; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.62 to 17.15) by the eighth-month follow-up examination). However, the average visual acity decreased in all three groups. A qualitative assessment of the results from GENEVA indicated that the dexamethasone implant was not associated with improvement in vision after six months. However, participants treated with 1 mg or 4 mg (RR 4.92; 95%, 95% CI 1.50 to 16.10) were more likely than those treated with sham injections to have improved their vision by 8 months. The quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting. Adverse events were observed more often with IVS treatment compared with observation/no treatment. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. As many as 20% to 35% of participants experienced an adverse event in the IVS groups compared with 8% of the observation groups. The two RCTs reviewed herein provide insufficient evidence to determine the benefits of IVS for individuals withCRVO.
Six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients were included in this review. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (-18.5 versus -8.5, P < 0.05) and a larger reduction in mean adenoids/choana ratio than placebo (right, -14% versus +0.4%, P = 0.002; left, left, -15% versus -2.0%. The second four-week trial showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index decreased by at least 50% between week 0 and week 2, whereas none of the patients treated with placebo had such improvement. The third parallel-group trial demonstrated that 77.7% of children treated with mometasone for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in nasal obstruction symptom scores and a decrease in the size of the nose (adenoidectomy was avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline). In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in the symptoms of nasal obstruction nor in the nose size after eight weeks of treatment with fluticasone (200 mcg per day). The fourth parallel-study showed that flunisolide (500 microgram per day) was associated with a smaller reduction in adenoidal size than isotonic saline solution. The fifth parallel-trial demonstrated that eight weeks (400 microgram/day), compared with placebo, significantly reduced nasal obstruction and reduced the number of children who needed to have an operation to remove the nose. The long-term efficacy of these drugs remains to be defined.
We included one small study (involving 24 women) in this review. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of the other four drugs. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious morbidity: defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema, and preterm birth (defined as the birth before 37 completed weeks' gestation). For the baby, the included study only reported on a single secondary outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. However, the change in maternal mean arterial pressure and systolic pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not significantly different between the two groups. There is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to show that the effect of epidural translates into improved maternal and fetal outcomes. Currently, there is not enough evidence to evaluate the effectiveness, safety or cost of using epidural therapy for treating severe pre-eclampsa in non-labouring women. High-quality randomised trials are needed to evaluate whether epidural agents are effective in the treatment of women with this condition. Interactions with other modalities of treatment and women's satisfaction could represent other avenues of research.
Sixteen randomised controlled trials met our inclusion criteria. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. Participants were administered orally or parenterally for a median 28 days (range 3 days to 12 weeks). There was no evidence of effect on all-cause mortality up to three months following randomisation (random-effects RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.15; participants = 1861; trials = 15; very low-certainty evidence) or on health-related quality of life, measured with the European Quality of Life – 5 Dimensions – 3 Levels scale (MD –0.04 points, 0.11 to 0.03; trial = 1). We are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference in all cause mortality and serious adverse events during treatment because the certainty of evidence was very low, and we cannot exclude increases in adverse events due to inadequate reporting, and because the CIs were wide. Based on the information that we collected from the published trial reports, only one of the trials seems not to be industry-funded, and the remaining 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled randomised clinical trials, designed according to SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to the CONSORT guidelines. Future trials ought to report depersonalised individual participant data, so that proper individual person-by-person meta-analyses can be conducted.
We included four trials involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool studies. Intervention approaches included the contextual approach of driving simulation and underlying skill development approach, including the retraining of speed of visual processing and visual motor skills. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition that are related to driving. However, there was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months (mean difference 15 points on the Test Ride for Investigating Practical Fitness to Drive - Belgian version, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 4.56 to 34.56, P value = 0.15, one study, 83 participants). Secondary outcomes: road signs recognition was better in people who underwent training compared with control. Significant findings were in favour of a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme (based on one study with 73 participants) but these results should be interpreted with caution as they were based on a single study. Adverse effects were not reported. There was insufficient evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. At present, it is unclear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation, and whether the contextual or remedial approaches, or a combination of both, are more efficacious. Moreover, we were unable to find any RCTs that evaluated driving lessons as an intervention.
We included eight studies with a total of 582 participants in this review. Five studies conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296) contributed to the meta-analysis. The average age of study participants was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration treatments. Five of the studies administered oral prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and two studies provided intravenous corticosteroids. In four studies we did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure (a new event) between short duration and longer duration treatment, which was equivalent to 22 fewer per 1000 for short duration treatment (95% CI 51 fewer to 34 more). In five studies no difference in the likelihood of an adverse event was found between shorter duration and long duration treatment. Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was powered to detect non-inferiority and compared five days versus 14 days of treatment (n = 311; hazard ratio 0.95, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.37). Length of hospital stay, lung function and lung function at the end of treatment and length of stay in hospital did not change between short and long-term treatment. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days of oral steroid treatment is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter courses of steroid treatment (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer (10 to 14 days) courses. The studies did not include people with mild or moderate COPD.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that randomised people with bone marrow failure to receive either a red blood cell transfusion or no transfusion. We found only one randomised trial (13 participants) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The one included study randomised participants to a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb) transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants] or a liberal [Hb trigger < 96 g/l, 5 participants] transfusion policy. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality (1 RCT; 13 participants; RR 0.13, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.32; very low quality evidence). The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding (e.g. serious bleeding). There were no anaemia-related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels (no statistics provided). The one RCT included in this review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for people with MDS undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusions strategy for such patients, particularly as the incidence of MDS is rising with an ageing population.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effectiveness of educational games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. Out of 84 potentially eligible citations, we included two RCTs. The first study evaluated a game based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The group that was randomized to the game had statistically higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The second study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based learnings of stroke prevention and management. The effect on knowledge was not statistically different between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the group that played the game. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games for teaching healthcare professionals. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of games on patient and performance outcomes.
Eight trials involving 475 people were included in this review. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. The results showed that lithium or antidepressants were effective in preventing relapse in people with unipolar affective disorder. When all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a statistically significant difference in favour of lithium (relative risk (RR) fixed effect 0.34, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.82). The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used. There were no other statistically significant differences between lithium and antidepressants according to all other outcomes considered. Manic or depressive relapse was defined as prescription of non-study medication for mood disorder, manic and depressive relapse (as defined by the study authors), quality of life, social functioning, occupational functioning, overall drop-out rate, drop-in rate due to side effects, troublesome side-effects, mortality due to all causes and specifically suicides. There was adequate efficacy evidence for lithium or antidepressant treatment in preventing relapses in people who have unipolar affectsive disorder, however their relative efficacy was unknown. Large-scale, long-term randomised trials in unselected groups of subjects are needed. Patients and clinicians should take into account the patient's clinical history, the side effects and the individual's likely adherence to the recommended treatment regime.
Two randomised controlled trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to intervention versus control) were included in this review. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Amifostine versus placebo showed no statistically significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia, the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium-99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months (80 patients, one study), and the reduction of blood pressure (130 patients, two studies). Two patients in one study collapsed and had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae. No health-related quality of life and other patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials. None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health- related quality-of-life or costs. Randomised controlled clinical trials are needed to guide treatment choice.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics and once-weekly home based sessions for 12 weeks. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus a clinician-mediated intervention. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. One grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. All three studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. No study reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the parental intervention group. None of the three studies measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. One of the studies looked at adherence to the intervention through attendance data, finding that mothers in the group sessions attended seven out of nine groups sessions and were present for four home visits. No studies reported any differences in parental stress scores between groups at any time point up to 12 months after the intervention. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias in relation to blinding of participants and blinding of outcome assessors, and at an unclear risk for allocation concealment. We considered the overall quality of the evidence, as assessed by GRADE, to be very low. The sample sizes of each included study were very small, meaning that they are unlikely to be representative of the target population. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, and further research is very likely to have an important impact on the estimate of treatment effect. This review highlights the need for well-designed studies, including randomised controlled trials, to evaluate the effectiveness of parent- mediated interventions. Trials should use valid, reliable and similar measures of language development, and they should be conducted in a way that is of high methodological quality. We found only three small studies of very low quality.
We included two randomised clinical trials with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise, exercise may increase exercise capacity (moderate quality of evidence). We did not report on health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and the secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. Due to limited information, trial sequential analysis could not be performed as planned. Our findings suggest that exercise- based rehabilitation for adults after heart valves surgery may improve exercise capacity compared with no exercise, but due to a lack of evidence, we cannot evaluate the impact on other outcomes, such as mortality or return to work. Further high-quality randomised trials are needed.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality of the disease. In the palliatives care intervention studies there was no significant difference in quality between the trial arms. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies. All five studies identified were undertaken in the same country, and it is unclear in all the studies whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual or religious support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. The quality of these studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. Such interventions are under-evaluated. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies.
We included six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). There was very low quality evidence for no effect of the tDCS treatment on change in global UPDRS score (mean difference (MD) -7.10 %, 95% confidence interval (CI -19.18 to 4.97; P = 0.25, I² = 21%, random-effects model). However, there was evidence of an effect on UPDrs part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase (MD -14.43%, 95% CI -24.68 to -4.18; P= 0.006, Iµ = 2%, random effects model). One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence that tDCS had an effect. Two studies with 41 participants measured gait speed using measures of timed gait, but they did not show any effect. There was insufficient evidence that dropouts, adverse effects, or deaths were higher with intervention (risk difference (RD) -0.05 to 0.12; RR 0.05 m/s, RR 1.60 SF-12 score, RR 5.08 to 8.28 score, respectively). We found one study with 16 participants that compared tDCS plus movement therapy compared to movement therapy plus tDCS. There were no differences in dropouts and adverse effects between intervention and control groups. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS is effective in reducing off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and reducing on time ( time that symptoms are controlled but not). Another secondary outcome was health-related quality of life, and we found one trial with 25 people reporting on the physical health and mental health aspects of health-quality of life. We did not find any study that examined the effects on activities of daily living. In two of six studies, dropouts, adverse events, and deaths occurring during the intervention were reported. The quality of the evidence is very low.
We included 12 studies (N = 461 participants) in this update of this review. For this update, we excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. As a result, we included four studies from the previous version of the previous review. We included four new studies (154 participants). Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (a dummy treatment). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for LASBs for pain intensity (moderate quality evidence). One small study at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one-year follow-up but not at short term follow up (very low-quality evidence). Of two studies that looked at the addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from LASBS. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block and other treatments (low to very low quality evidence), and one small study compared ultrasound-guided sympathetic blockade with non-guided therapy. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. This update's results are similar to the previous versions of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthesia sympathetic blockade for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that it is effective for reducing pain.
Fourteen trials, including 2488 participants, met the inclusion criteria. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. Incomplete recovery A combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with Bell's palsy of various degrees of severity, or in people who are severely ill. The result was imprecise and allowed for the possibility of no effect. Recovery rates were better in participants receiving corticosterone alone than antiviral treatment, but the result was not clear. There was no clear effect on incomplete recovery rates compared with placebo or no treatment. Antivirals alone had no clear effects compared to placebo, but there was a possibility that there was no difference in the number of participants who experienced incomplete recovery at month six compared to corticotropin-releasing factor (referral factor) alone. For people with severe Bell’s palsy (House-Brackmann score of 5 and 6, or equivalent on other scales), we found that the combination of the two drugs may have no effect in rates of partial recovery. The number of people who experienced partial recovery was lower in participants who were treated with antiviral therapy compared to those who were given placebo. There were no clear differences in adverse events between treatment and comparison arms. Adverse events Adverse event data were available in four studies providing data on 1592 participants. None of the four comparisons showed clear differences between treatment groups (very low-certainty evidence). For the comparison of antiviral plus corticostoids and antiviral therapy alone in studies at lower risk of systematic errors, the results were very low to very low certainty. Corticosteroid treatment was probably more effective than antivirantoid treatment alone, but it was probably less effective than placebo. The combination of two drugs probably reduced the proportion of people with long-term sequelae (such as motor synkinesis or crocodile tears) compared to a placebo, although the results for this outcome were very uncertain. The results for the comparison between antivirral therapy alone and antiviral therapies alone were not clear, and the difference between the two treatment groups was very small. The evidence is current to February 2019.
Two studies, including 97 women, met our inclusion criteria: one assessed LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) use in relapsed (platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory) EOC in comparison with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) (Du Bois 2002; Currie 1994). The other examined decapeptyl treatment versus a placebo (Currie 1994. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Since both studies had different control groups, a meta-analysis was not possible. There may be little or no difference in overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months (risk ratio (RR) 0.61, 95% CI 0.22 to 1.68, and RR 0.12 to 3.66; very low-quality evidence), respectively, in the two studies. Overall survival and QoL outcomes were not reported. Alopecia and fatigue were probably more common with treosulfans than with leuprosulfans. Side effects were incompletely reported (no side effects were reported for the decapeptic group, but not for the placebo group). Based on this review of two small RCTs, there is not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of LHRh agonists in the treatment of platinum-resistant EOC. Overall, the quality of evidence for all outcomes (including OS, PFS, Quality of Life and adverse events) is very low.
We found 17 eligible randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxaemic respiratory failure. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). One trial compared the use of high-frequency ventilation (Kinsella 1997). Six trials enrolled infants who had moderate severity of respiratory failure scores (oxygenation index (OI) or alveolar-arterial oxygen difference (A-aDO2)) and randomised them to immediate iNO treatment or back-up treatment only after deterioration to more severe criteria (Barefield 1996; Day 1996; Sadiq 1998; Cornfield 1999; Konduri 2004; Gonzalez 2010). Inhaled nitric oxide appears to have improved outcomes in babies with hypoxic respiratory failure who do not have a diaphragmatic hernia. This reduction was due to a reduction in use of ECMO (with number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) of 5.3); mortality was not affected. Oxygenation was improved in approximately 50% of infants receiving iNO. The OI was decreased by a (weighted) mean of 15.1 within 30 to 60 minutes after the start of therapy, and partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) was increased by a mean of 53 mmHg. Fewer of the babies who received iNO early satisfied late treatment criteria, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease mortality nor the need for ECMO. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) did not appear to affect response to iNO (moderate-quality evidence). Incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between tested survivors who had iNO and those who did not. Outcomes of infants with a hernia were not improved; outcomes were slightly, but not significantly, worse with iNO, but there was no difference between the two groups. Infants who were given iNO at less severe criteria did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the effectiveness of lumbar supports with no intervention or training for the treatment of low-back pain. We included seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people) in this updated review. Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence of moderate effectiveness in preventing low back pain, and conflicting evidence of conflicting effectiveness in other preventive interventions. It is still unclear whether lumbars are more effective than no or other interventions for treating low-lower back pain. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of Lumbar support.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the catheter that was being assessed having different appearances. Overall, catheter impregnation significantly reduced catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI), with an ARR of 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence). However, there was no significant difference to the rates of clinically diagnosed sepsis (RR 1.0, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.13), all-cause mortality (RR 0.92, 95%). There were no significant differences between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rate of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. However, the magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. The magnitude of the effects was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. There was no such variation for the outcome of CRBSI. In our subgroup analyses, we found that the magnitudes of benefits varied between studies that enrolled different types of participants. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient or macronut nutrient supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. There were no dietary intervention studies. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate risk. The evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. Zinc supplementation of pregnant women on LBW or length (versus supplementation without zinc or placebo) There was no evidence of an effect of zinc supplementation for LBW, with moderate-certainty evidence, or no effect or unclear effect on length with low-to-moderate certainty evidence. There was inconclusive effect of nutrient supplementation of children on HFA for studies in the meta-analysis with low certainty evidence, and inconclusive effects on length for studies reported in the narrative form with very low- to moderate confidence in the results. Nutrition education of education interventions (compared with standard care or no intervention) There were inconclusive results on length at 18 months, and a positive influence on length after 18 months. Nutrition systems strengthening interventions targeting children, compared with no intervention, standard care, and one controlled before-and-after study, showed no effect of nutritional interventions on length or HFA, and no effect on duration of stay in the slum. The quality of the evidence was low to very low overall, mainly due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. All of the nutritional interventions reviewed had the potential to decrease stunting, based on evidence from outside of slum contexts; however, there was no clear effect of the interventions included in this review. More evidence is needed of the effects of multi-sectorial interventions, combining nutrition-specific and sensitive methods and programmes, as well as the effects on 'up-stream' practices and policies of governmental, non-governmental organisations, and the business sector on nutrition-related outcomes such as stunting. Challenges linked to urban slum programming (high mobility, lack of social services, and high loss of follow-up) should be taken into account when interventions are proposed to address LBW and stunting in such environments.
Twelve randomised controlled trials (1023 participants) were included in this review. Six RCTs were considered as being at overall high risk of bias, and the remaining six were considered to be at overall unclear risk of biased. No included RCT had an overall low risk of systematic error. There was no difference in healing outcomes between hydrocellular foam dressings and polyurethane foam dressing (three trials). Pooled data across five trials (418 participants) showed no statistically significant difference in the proportion of ulcers healed at 12 to 16 weeks (risk ratio (RR) 1.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 1.22). No statistically significant between-group differences in healing were detected when foam dressers were compared with: paraffin gauze, hydrocapillary dressing, knitted viscose dressing, and protease modulating matrix (one RCT). There were no significant differences in the number of participants experiencing adverse events when foam dressing was compared with hydro capillary or hydrocolloid dressings, or when foam was compared to polyurethylamine, hydroglobulina, or hydrogel. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted randomized controlled trials, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly, before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of foam dressing in the management of venous leg ulcers.
We included two studies (n = 381 IBD patients with rheumatological manifestations) in this review. One study compared etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in patients with quiescent or active ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. The other study compared celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) to a placebo (dummy treatment). Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference in the number of patients who experienced an exacerbation of IBD after 12 weeks of treatment. After 12 weeks the incidence of an IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) in the etorioxib group compared to 19% (15/77) of patients in the placebo group (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.45 to 1.69). A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events). The results for disease exacerbation and AEs between the COX-2 inhibitors rofecoxib, valdecoxib or lumiracoxib and placebo were uncertain. The proportion of patients experiencing AEs was similar in both groups (21% and 17%, respectively, P > 0.20). No patients in either group died or experienced serious adverse events. No patients experienced any cardiovascular side effects. Eleven percent of patients experienced GI AEs (increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa). The study comparing etoricxib to placebo documented but did not report on AEs. AEs led to premature withdrawal from the study in 3% and 7% of patients respectively. The quality of evidence supporting these outcomes was very low. No definitive conclusions can be drawn regarding the tolerability and safety of the short term use of celecoxIB and etoroxib in IBD. However, it should be noted that both studies had relatively small sample sizes and short follow-up durations. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients with IBD in order to avoid disease exacerbations and other adverse effects. Further RCTs are needed in these patients.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included both infected and uninfected ulcers; two trials included people with non-infected ulcer; and the remaining 13 studies did not provide information on infection status. Included studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine. We performed the following five comparisons based on the included studies: Antimicrobial dressing compared to non-antimicrobial dressing: Pooled data from five trials with 945 participants suggest (based on the average treatment effect from a random-effects model) that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a non-controlling dressing. These results correspond to an additional 119 healing events in the antimicrobial-dressing arm per 1000 participants (95% CI 51 to 191 more). We consider this low-certainty evidence (downgraded twice due to risk of bias and imprecision). The evidence on adverse events or other outcomes was uncertain. Topical antimicrobials compared with systemic antibiotics: We included four studies with 937 participants. These studies reported no wound-healing data, and the evidence was uncertain for the relative effects on resolution of infection in infected ulcers and surgical resection (very low certainty). On average, there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the compared antimicrobial and systemic antibiotics treatments: moderate certainty. The evidence was generally of low or very low certainty and the 95% CIs spanned benefit and harm: proportion of wounds healed RR 2.82 (95%, 95% CI 0.56 to 14.23; 112 participants; 3 trials; very low to low certainty evidence); achieving resolution of infections RR 1.16 (low to moderate certainty evidence) and sustaining an adverse event (no events in either arm; 81 participants; 2 trials). Comparison of different topical antimicro treatments: We found eight studies with 250 participants, but all of the comparisons were different and no data could be appropriately pooled. Reported outcome data were limited and we are uncertain about the effects of antimicrobial topical agents for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of the infection, surgical resect, and adverse events. The only review-relevant outcome reported was the number of wounds that healed. We considered the certainty of the evidence to be very low or low because of the small number of included studies and the small size of the studies.
We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the prevalence of pneumonia in children by 41%. However, zinc supplementation had no effect on lower specificity pneumonia case definition (i.e. confirmation by chest examination or chest radiograph) or age-specific fast breathing with or without lower chest indrawing. Zinc supplementation in children is associated with a reduction in the occurrence of pneumonia.
Ten studies including 33,179 participants were included in this review. Eight studies found no significant effect of vitamin A on the incidence of acute LRTI, or on the prevalence of symptoms of symptoms. Three reported no differences and no protective effect. Vitamin A caused an increased incidence of diarrhoea in one study; an increase in cough and fever; and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose. Positive effects appear limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition. Two studies reported that vitamin A significantly reduced the incidence in children with poor nutritional status or weight, but increased in healthy children. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of vitamins A for preventing LRTIs. Accordingly, vitamin A should not be given to all children to prevent acute diarrhoeal illnesses.
Twenty studies met the inclusion criteria. Concomitant therapy varied from none to any other bronchodilator plus corticosteroid (oral and inhaled). The following outcomes were significantly different when compared to placebo. Forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) improved with treatment: Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) 100 ml; 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 40 to 160 ml. Similarly for forced vital capacity (FVC): WMD 210 ml 95%CI 100 to 320. Improvement in exercise performance depended on the method of testing. Walking distance tests did not improve, neither did Visual Analogue Score for breathlessness in two small studies. Theophylline has a modest effect on FEV1 and FVC and slightly improves arterial blood gas tensions in moderate to severe COPD. These benefits were seen in participants receiving a variety of different concomitant therapies. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review. Very few participants withdrew from these studies for any reason.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used a placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. The primary outcomes were: an increased amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events, compared to control; and a complete recovery from egg allergy after completion of the treatment. Most children (82%) in the oral immun therapy group could ingest a partial serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of control group children (RR 7.48, 95% CI 4.91 to 11.38). Fewer than half (45%) of children in the control group were able to tolerate a full serving (1.25 g to 6.53 g). All 10 trials reported numbers of serious adverse events (SAEs) and numbers of children with mild-to-severe adverse events. SAEs requiring epinephrine/adrenaline presented in 21/249 (8.4%) of the children receiving immunotherapy group, and none in control group. We found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up immunotherapy because of these reactions. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of children, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. Mild- to severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of participants in the immunotherapy treatment group had mild to severe side effects during treatment, compared with 6.8% of those receiving control. Of note, seven studies used egg avoidance diets. All studies enrolled small numbers of participants and used different methods to provide treatment. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the trials. Eight included studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Furthermore, the quality of the evidence was judged as low because there was a small number of trials with few participants, and methodological problems with some trials.
We included four randomised controlled trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to May 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2013. We found no evidence of a difference in the risk of long-term mortality between participants who received ILR and those who were managed conventionally at follow-up (very low quality evidence). No data on short term mortality were available. Data from two studies seemed to show a trend towards a reduction in syncope relapses after diagnosis in participants implanted with ILR. Two studies reported data on adverse events after ILR implant. Due to the lack of data on side effects in one of the studies' arms, a formal meta-analysis was not performed for this outcome. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low for all outcomes. Participants who underwent ILR implants experienced higher rates of aetiologic diagnosis as compared to participants in the standard assessment group. The mean cost per diagnosis and the average cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to implant. Cost analyses from two trials showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. No conclusive data was available on the other end-points analysed. We concluded that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long term mortality compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. We did not find any evidence of an effect on quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to the differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality of lives, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy (155 patients with 159 Hydrocoeles) and surgery (120 patients with 123 Hydroceles). All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding for statisticians was not reported in any of included studies. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants: RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.10), however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. When this study was removed from the analysis the heterogeneity was 0% and the result was significant (in favour of surgery) (2 studies, 136 participants). There was an increased number of infections in the surgery group however this increase was not statistically significant (4 studies, 275 participants). Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgical group was higher than in the aspiration group but because of different measurement tools applied in these studies, we could not pool the results. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no significant difference between the groups. The cure rate in short-term follow-up was similar between the treatment groups, however there is significant uncertainty in this result due to the high heterogeneity. There was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received surgery compared with surgery. The recurrence rate was higher. Postoperative complications as well as cost and time to work resumption were less in the intervention group; however the recurrence rates were higher. There is a great need for further methodologically rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different type of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocolees. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated instruments. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness studies should also be undertaken.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. Data analysed in this review showed that there was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.38; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 5.14). However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group, but the difference was not statistically significant (MD 0.70, 95% CI -0.19 to 1.59). Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) favoured placebo over rhDNase but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomalacia. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness. For those with less severe disease, interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these RCTs should include measurements of the trachea and physiological outcomes in addition to clinical outcomes.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. Across the 21 studies, the mean number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. The duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Five studies compared the intervention to enhanced or structured care. Only one study compared CBT with behaviour therapy. Compared with usual care or a waiting list that could be included in the meta-analysis, psychological therapy resulted in less severe symptoms at end of treatment (10 studies, 1081 analysed participants). This effect was considered small to medium; heterogeneity was moderate and overall quality of the evidence was low. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for somatoform disorders or MUPS. When all psychological therapies included this review were combined they were superior to usual care and waiting list in terms of reduction of symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. The intervention groups reported no major harms. Adverse events were seldom reported. The quality of evidence contributing to this review was rated low to moderate. An important issue was that all studies in this review included participants who were willing to receive psychological treatment.
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 3027 participants in our review. In total, we included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies. We found moderate-quality evidence that epidural anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. Evidence synthesis of seven studies showed that the odds of having PPP were 0.52 compared to not having an epidural, suggesting the odds were similar. Pooling data at three to 8 months of follow-up, evidence synthesis of four studies found that the likelihood of having a PPP was 0.46 compared to no PPP, suggesting that the risk was similar, and pooled data from four studies suggested that there was no difference in the number of people who developed PPP in the three to eight months after a C-section. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. We did not synthesize evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. There are seven ongoing studies and 12 studies awaiting classification that may change the conclusions of the current review once they are published and incorporated. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low. There is moderate quality evidence that intravenous infusion of local anaesthetics may reduce PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery. We are uncertain about the effect of continuous infusion with local anaesthetic three to 55 months after iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG) because of the small number of included studies and the lack of blinding across a number of studies. High risk of bias from missing data reduced our confidence in the findings. We conclude that there is moderate- quality evidence to support the use of regional anaesthetic to prevent PPP up to three to four years after breast surgery. However, except for breast surgery, our evidence synthesis is based on only a few small studies. Thus results must be interpreted with caution. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed.
Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 participants were included in this review. First-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, olanzapine, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and dietary supplementation (omega-3 fatty acid) were tested. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition. Data were sparse for individual comparisons, indicating marginal effects for first-generation drugs and antidepressants. The only trial testing single versus combined drug treatment yielded no significant differences in outcomes. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram parameters (blood tests that measure the amount of red blood cells in the brain) with the second-generation drug olanZapine. A significant decrease in body weight was observed with topiramine treatment. No promising results are available for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. Total BPD severity was not significantly influenced by any drug. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. The long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed. The available evidence indicates some beneficial effects with second- generation antipsychotic, mood stabiliser, and dietary supplements by omega-3 fats. However, these are mostly based on single study effect estimates. The findings were suggestive in supporting the use of second- Generation Antipsychotics, Mood stabilisers, and omega3 fatty acids, but require replication, since most effect estimates were based on one study. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations of the RCT evidence that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings (among others, patients' characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods).
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Of these, two trials were added for this update (one with 40 participants and one with 67 participants). Analyses of three cross-group trials yielded suboptimal results because they were based on between-group differences rather than individual participants' differences for sequential interventions. Two trials had limited clinical value: one combined results for suprapubic and urethral catheters and the other provided data for only four participants. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcome measures. None of the trials addressed: number of catheter used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Trials assessed only three of the eight intervention comparisons identified. Four trials compared washout (either saline or acidic solution) with no washout. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic) have an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. One trial compared different types of washout solution; saline versus acidic solutions (2 trials); saline versus acid solution versus antibiotic solution (1 trial); and saline versus antimicrobial solution (one trial). Two trials reported in more than one comparison group. The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts were beneficial or harmful. Four studies reported on possible harmful effects of using washout, such as blood in the solution, changes in blood pressure and bladder spasms. Data from seven trials that compared different washout policies were limited, and generally, of poor methodological quality or were poorly reported. There were very few small trials that met the review inclusion criteria. The high risk of bias of the included studies resulted in the evidence being graded as low or very low quality. Further rigorous, high quality trials that are adequately powered to detect benefits from washout being performed as opposed to no washouts are needed. Trials comparing different washouts and washout volumes are also needed.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of this review, and 22 studies added to the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and therefore could not pool results, so we present them descriptively. Eighteen of the studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors), prevalence rates ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in a group of 12 studies including participants aged 16 and over (13,952 survivors), the prevalence rate ranged from 4.4% to 6.4%. In seven studies (1907 survivors), severe fatigue in survivors of haematological cancer was presented in seven studies and ranged from 1.8% to 35.9%. In two studies (252 survivors) severe fatigue was reported in two studies and was 14.6% and 21.1% respectively. One study presented a prevalence for bone cancer survivors of 0.0% (17 survivors). Four studies provided prevalence rates of moderate fatigue in control groups of siblings or population-based controls. In these four studies, survivors were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was statistically significant in only two studies. Studies assessing risk and associated factors for fatigue were heterogeneous, and definitions of the factors under study were often inconsistent. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast, age at diagnosis and education level did not seem to be related to fatigue. We were unable to calculate any overall risk estimate for any of the reported risks and associated risk factors, because we could not conduct a meta-analysis. In one study, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) reported persistent severe fatigue over time, and found that over the course of 2.7 years, 32% of the participants reported persistent fatigue. It is unclear how many childhood cancer survivors suffer from severe fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer. The evidence in this review is therefore weak, and we cannot be certain about the exact number of children with severe fatigue. This is also the case for severe fatigue following treatment and the strength of the relationship between fatigue and associated and risk factors.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic alone) there was a significant reduction in RTIs but not in total mortality. Treatment based on the use of topical prophylaxis alone reduces respiratory infections but not mortality. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
Five studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. All of them investigated educational approaches. Two studies offered consultation in addition and two other studies offered guidance for nursing staff in addition. The studies revealed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in a group dwelling unit found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased significantly in the control group. Overall, methodological quality of studies was low. There is insufficient evidence supporting the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 416 women. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310) women. For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate (OR 1.08, 95% CI 0.45 to 2.58; 2 RCTs, 212, I2 = 0%, low-quality evidence). There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate. The evidence suggests that if the chance of clinical pregnancy with placebo is assumed to be 24%, the chance following treatment with glucocorticoid supplementation would be between 23% and 47%. There was also insufficient evidence of any difference in multiple-pregnancy rate or miscarriage rate. Neither of the included studies reported OHSS or side-effects. The quality of the evidence was rated as low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorts in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles (until the day of oocyte retrieval) is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. More research is needed.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo (a dummy treatment) to standard, high-dose and no treatment. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high dose levels (low-quality evidence, limited by inconsistency across the trials, small number of participants and short duration of therapy). The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. There is limited evidence from three trials in improvements in exercise capacity. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in the trials. The significant change in blood glucose levels, although not causing diabetes, emphasizes the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to CF-related diabetes. Long-term, well-designed randomised controlled trials of rhGH in individuals with CF are required prior to routine clinical use of RhGH in CF.
We included 26 studies with a total of 1,695 participants that compared removal from exposure and reduction of exposure compared to continued exposure. We found that removal of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agent, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs. In 18 studies, authors compared removing from exposure to continuing exposure. Removal from exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of asthma symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared with continued exposure, compared to reduced exposure. For continued exposure 56 per 1000 workers reported absence of symptoms at follow-up, the decrease in forced expiratory volume in one second as a percentage of a reference value (FEV1 %) was 5.4%, and the standardized change in non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity (NSBH) was -0.18. No studies reported or enabled calculation of change in NSBH. In seven studies, we found that removing from the exposure may improve symptoms and lung function more than continuing exposure, but there may be no considerable difference between removal and continued exposure in terms of improvement in symptoms, as well as no considerable change in FEV1%. However, with all three outcomes, the quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. In the subset of patients exposed to low molecular weight agents, there may have improved results for removal from inhalation compared to reduction of inhalation. In two studies, the risk of unemployment may increase compared with reduced exposure, and four studies reported a decrease in income of 20% to 50%. We found no significant differences in the number of people who lost their job after removal from the work site compared to those who continued to work there. The quality of evidence was very low because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of people included in the studies. The evidence is up-to-date as of January 2018. We recommend that future studies should be conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of workplace interventions for occupational asthma.
We included six randomised controlled trials with a total of 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. In people with mild GERD, the use of PPI may lead to an increase in GI symptoms (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and probably a reduction in pill burden. There was a decline in participant satisfaction, although heterogeneity was high. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of discontinuation, although two trials reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end.
We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants). These evaluated social skills training versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence in favour of social skills programmes compared to standard care on all measures of social functioning. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower in the social skills group compared to the control group. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills (1 RCT, n = 67, RR 0.29 CI 0.12 to 0.68, very low quality evidence). Quality of life was also improved in the group receiving social skills programme compared to control. However, when social skills programs were compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. The evidence is very limited with data rated as low quality. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills can improve social functioning of people with schizophrenia in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
Only one study, at low risk of all biases, met the inclusion criteria. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 participants, 145 with tophi at baseline) randomised to one of three arms; pegloticase infusion every two weeks (biweekly), monthly peglioticase infusion (pegloticases alternating with placebo) and placebo. This study showed moderate-quality evidence from one study indicated that biweekly peglacticase 8 mg infusion reduced tophi in the subset of participants with gout, but increased withdrawals due to adverse events in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. Eleven of 52 participants had complete resolution of one or more tophi compared with 2/27 who received placebo (RR 2.86, 95% CI 0.68 to 11.97). Participant-reported pain relief of 30% or greater, function, quality of life, serum urate normalisation, were reported for all participants but not separately for those who had tophi; therefore, we did not include the results. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more withdrawals than placebo (15/85 participants compared with 1/43 participants with placebo; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 3 (95% CI 2 to 6). Most withdrawals were due to infusion reactions, most commonly due to flare-ups of gout (80% of adverse events were related to flares of tophi, probably unrelated to the drug treatment per se, this may explain the high rate of side effects in the placebo group - who were essentially untreated), and withdrew from the study due to side effects (16/84 participants with peglioase compared with one in 43 participants receiving placebo; NNTH 6, 6, 95%, 95% confidence interval (RR 0.99 to 59.71) and 1 in 41 participants reporting side effects from the placebo treatment group (RR 1.05, 95%) compared with 41/43 in the pegliolase group. Total side effects were high in all treatment groups: 80% of participants who received pegloidase biweekly reported an adverse event compared to 41% of those receiving placebo, and 84% of the participants receiving peglolicase monthly reported a side effect compared with 84% in those receiving the placebo. The quality of the evidence from this study was moderate to very low, mainly due to the small number of participants in the study and the small size of the study. This means that further research is likely to change the results of this review. However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgical removal of the tophi.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC of which three met the inclusion criteria. In this review of the three eligible trials (including 2095 neonates), the oral administration of IgG or an IgG/IgA combination did not result in a significant reduction in the incidence of definite NEC, suspected NEC, need for surgery, or death from NEC. Based on the available trials, the evidence does not support the administration of oral IgA alone for the treatment of NEC. There are no randomized controlled trials of IgA plus IgG.
Five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) compared no additional treatment with additional chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy. Four trials compared platinum based combination chemotherapy directly with radiotherapy, and one trial compared chemotherapy directly to radiotherapy alone. Postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. Indiscriminate pooling of survival data from 2197 women shows a significant overall survival advantage from adjuvant chemotherapy (RR (95% CI) = 0.88 (0.79 to 0.99)). This means that chemotherapy reduces the risk of being dead at any stage of the disease by a quarter. The risk of developing the first recurrence outside the pelvis is 5% absolute risk reduction. The analysis of pelvic recurrence rates is underpowered but the trend suggests that chemotherapy may be less effective than radiotherapy in a direct comparison but it may have added value when used with chemotherapy. Chemotherapy may be an alternative to chemotherapy and could be an additional treatment for radiotherapy when used together.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. Our synthesis showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet (high confidence). Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could also cause problems. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality, and some clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages (moderate confidence). Clients wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them. They had preferences for different delivery channels (e.g. short message service (SMS) or interactive voice response) and they also had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues (moderate confident). Cl clients' views about who sent the digital health communication could influence their views of the programme (moderate). For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables. Our review identified several factors that can influence the successful implementation of targeted clients communication programmes using mobile devices. These include barriers to use that have equity implications. Programme planners should take these factors into account when designing and implementing programmes. Future trial authors also need to actively address these factors and to report their efforts in their trial publications.
Twenty-three trials involving 2467 people were included in this review. The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. These results were confirmed also when we considered the single comparisons: methadone with: adrenergic agonists (11 studies), other opioid agonist (eight studies), anxiolytic (two studies), paiduyangsheng (one study). Comparing the two medications, more severe withdrawal and more drop-outs were found in the placebo group. Nevertheless, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin use. Data from literature are hardly comparable; programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of meta-analysis.
Nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. Antagonist-induced withdrawal is more intense but less prolonged than withdrawal managed with reducing doses of methadone, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established significantly more quickly with antagonist withdrawal than withdrawal management with clonidine and symptomatic medications. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation, and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. Given that the adverse events are potentially life-threatening, the value of antagonist withdrawal under heavy sedation or anaesthesia is not supported. The high cost of this approach, both in monetary terms and use of scarce intensive care resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be pursued.
The evidence is current to May 2014. We included fourteen studies that compared the efficacy of molindone with other typical antipsychotic drugs. The studies ranged from very short (10 days) studies of the intramuscular preparation, to trials lasting over three months. For measures of global assessment, available data do not justify any conclusions on the comparative efficacy ofmolindone and placebo. We found no evidence of a difference in effectiveness (doctors' 4 RCTs n=150, RR 1.13, CI 0.69 to 1.86; nurses' 4 trials n=146). Molindone is no more or less likely than typical drugs to cause movement disorders, but it does cause significantly more weight loss (2 studies n=60, RR 2.78, CI 1.10 to 6.99). The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting. There is no evidence to suggest that it may have an atypical profile.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide, and combination therapies (hydroquinone cream and glycolic acid peels), as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging. Azelaic acid (20%) was significantly more effective at lightening melasma but not when compared to 2% or 4%. In two studies, participants rated their melasma as significantly improved in one (RR 13, 95% CI 1.88 to 89.74) but not in the other. In both studies by other objective measures, people treated with the combination of tretinosulfonate and tetracycline significantly reduced the severity of melasma compared to placebo (RR 1.11 to 1.32). In one study, participants treated with a triple combination cream were significantly more likely to have melasma than those treated with tretinasulfone alone (RR 2.75 to 4.74). In the other study, the combination cream was more effective than the dual combination cream (RR 4.43 to 44.25). The adverse effects most common in the studies were mild, and transient. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. Not all studies reported population characteristics, of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. 83% of participants were white and 40% were male. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care, which constitutes a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure and those undergoing surgery for the first time receiving regular-dose 5-FU postoperative injections (RR 0.44, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.29 to 0.68 and 0.21, 0.06 to 068, respectively). No surgical failures were detected in studies assessing combined surgery. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low-dose postoperative5-FU was found to be very low using GRADE. The combined surgery postoperative subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the low-dosage postoperative five-FU group because of the small sample size and the only contributing study. No significant change occurred in the number of surgical failures and intraocular pressure at one year in the combined surgery population receiving low-dose postoperative 5.FU injection group. Intraocular pressure was particularly reduced in the high-risk of failure population receiving high-dose 6-FU injections (MD -16.30, 95%, 95% CI -18.63 to -13.97). No significant difference was found in the group receiving combined surgery (MD-1.02, 95%). No difference was detected between the two groups in the total number of patients who had surgery and those who had 5-fluorouracil injections. No evidence was found of an increased risk of serious sight-threatening complications, but other complications are more common after 5-fu injections. This presumably reflects an aspect of the treatment that is unacceptable to both patients and doctors. The evidence is current to May 2015.
This review included 50 studies with 16,154 participants. Long-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients (generic inverse variance analysis: mean difference (MD) 5.80 mL/year with ICS over placebo, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.28 to 11.88, 2333 participants), although one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. There was no statistically significant effect on mortality in patients with COPD (odds ratio (OR) 0.98; 95% CI 0.83 to 1.16, 8390 participants). There was an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness. In the long-term studies, pneumonia was increased in the ICS group compared to placebo, in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event (OR 1.56; 95%. CI 1.30; 1.86, 6235 participants). The studies that measured bone effects generally showed no major effect on fractures and bone mineral density over three years. ICS was not predicted by oral steroid response, bronchodilator reversibility or bronchial hyper-responsiveness (bronchial response to inhaled steroid). ICS may have a beneficial effect on quality of life, as measured by the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (MD -1.22 units/year). Response to ICS did not seem to be different from placebo, but there was no significant difference in the number of exacerbations. The risk of pneumonia was higher in people who took ICS compared to those who took placebo.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. NSAIDs versus placebo Among women with primary dysmenorrhoea, NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo. This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. There was no evidence of a difference between NSAIDs and placebo with regard to side effects, though data were very scanty. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%) and a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. NSAIDS versus COX 2-specific inhibitors Only two of the included studies utilised COX2-2 inhibitors (etoricoxib and celecoxib). There was insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmen or rhinorrhoea. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. However, the available evidence had little power to detect such differences, as most individual comparisons were based on very few small trials.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. In the three studies that were included, the meta-analysis revealed no statistically significant differences between the two groups (relative risk (RR) 090, 95% confidence interval (CI) 081 to 1.01), nor was any statistically significant difference seen in the risk of barotrauma (head injury). Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the groups. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels of air. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity. We saw evidence of risk of bias in three studies, and the remaining studies fulfilled all criteria for adequate trial quality.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from this review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for RRT in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies and the number with author-defined kidney failure (RR 1.31, 95% CI 1.16 to 1.49; 19 studies, 9857 patients). The RR of AKI based on RIFle-F (failure) criteria also showed an increased risk of an AKI in the patients treated with HES products. The risk of meeting urine output criteria for AKI was in contrast in favour of HES therapies (RR 0.95, 95%.95% CI 0.91 to 0.99; 20 studies, 8769 patients). However, when urine output based outcomes were excluded as per study protocol, the direction of the risk again favoured the other fluid type, with a non-significant increase in AKI. A more robust effect was seen for the Rifle-I (injury) outcome. No differences between subgroups were seen between sepsis versus non-sepsis patients, high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low MW and DS, or high versus low dose treatments (i.e. ≥ 2 L versus < 2 L). There were differences identified between the subgroups for the outcomes only, which may reflect the differing renal response to fluid resuscitation in pre-renal versus seps ischaemic acute kidney injury. Overall, methodological quality of the studies was good. The current evidence suggests that all HES solutions increase the risk of kidney failure in all patient populations and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of H ES products.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. None of the studies reported blinding or group allocation methods. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). The evidence is current to May 2015. Compared with no intervention, Rhear officinales had a positive effect on SCr and BUN. Compared to captoprils, no significant difference was demonstrated in relation to any outcome (BUN, CrCl, or patients' capacity to undertake work). No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rhearm officinare. Currently available evidence concerning the efficacy of Rheaum officinara to improve SCr or BUN levels in patients with CKD is both scant and low quality. There is no current evidence to support any recommendation for its use. Seven of the nine studies were judged to be at low risk of incomplete outcome reporting; three studies were rated to be selective reporting (protocols were available and/or all outcomes relevant to the this review were reported); and two were judged free of bias.
We included 13 studies, with a total of 2745 participants (51%) with dementia. There was significant heterogeneity in the included studies, including a highly varied prevalence of dementia (10.5% to 87.4%). Across the included papers there was substantial potential for bias, particularly around sampling of included participants and selection criteria, which may limit generalisability. We found no significant differences in the test accuracy of the short (16-item) versus the 26-item IQCODE, or in the language of administration. There were no differences in test accuracy between the general hospital setting and the specialist memory setting (P = 0.019), suggesting that the test performs better in a 'general' setting. The language of the test did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool. These findings are qualified by the significant heterogeneity, the potential for biased reporting and suboptimal reporting found in included studies. There is a need for better reporting of disease severity and handling indeterminate results, which are important if considering use in clinical practice.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), compared with tasks practice therapy alone; and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. No studies addressed interventions in children and those with lower limb Spasticity, or after other focal intramuscular treatments. At best there was 'low level' evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD rehabilitation in improving active function and impairments after BoNT, up to six months after stroke, and'very low quality' evidence at 14 weeks. Task practice therapy did not improve upper limb function more than task therapy alone, only at 12 weeks. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) and intensity of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults and children with post-stroke spasticities, in the short and longer term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area.
Four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, were included in this review. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone, and a third trial compared combination treatment with combination treatment and HBIG versus lamivUDine alone after at least one month of combination treatment. A fourth trial compared the combination of the two drugs with a combination of a different antiviral drug, adefovir dipivoxil, after at at least 12 months of combined treatment. All trials were open-labeled, and none of the trials were adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. Statistically significant differences were not detected in any of the comparisons and outcomes. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large trials comparing long-term combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone, including the newer antiviral drugs, are needed.
This review included 15 studies involving 1019 participants who were followed up between three months and 10 years. All studies had a high risk of bias. Sulphonylurea with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, 15) and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at two years was 30% in the SU group compared to 5% in conventional care group (P < 0.001); patients classified as insulin dependent was 64% (SU group) and 12.5% (insulin group) (P = 0.007). No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide, but insulin maintained stimulated C-PEptide better than SU. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. In a five year follow up of GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide) in certain doses (20 μg) there was no significant evidence for or against other lines of treatment. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes). Two studies show SU leading to earlier diabetes-related insulin dependence and a meta-analysis of four studies with considerable heterogeneity showed poorer metabolic control if SU is prescribed for patients with LADA compared to insulin. Comparing studies was difficult as there was a great deal of heterogeneity in the studies and in their selection criteria. Short term (three months) follow up in one study (n = 74) using Chinese remedies did not demonstrate a significant difference in improving fasting glucose levels compared with insulin alone (0.07 µg/L (95% CI -0.05 to 0.19). One study using vitamin D (10 μg) with insulin showed steady fasting levels in the vitamin D group but declining fasting levels (368 to 179 pmol/L, P = 0006) in the insulin alone group. However, there is no evidence to support or refute the use of vitamin D.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) and 63 studies (42,784 participants) in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. Outcomes at four or more months post-intervention were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained beyond the immediate short term. We have reported pooled effects across delivery modes only for those analyses for which heterogeneity across delivery mode is not substantial (I2 < 50%). Alcohol-related problems: IFF standardised mean difference (SMD) -0.14, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.24 to 0.04 (participants = 2327; studies = 11; moderate quality evidence), equivalent to a decrease of 1.28 points in the 69-point alcohol problems scale score. No effects were found for WF or MF. Binge drinking: SMD-0.06, 95%, 95% CI 0.11 to 1.02 (participant = 11,292; studies= 16) - equivalent to 2.7% fewer binge drinkers if 30-day prevalence is 43.9%. Drinking quantity of alcohol consumed each week: WF SMD (0.11, 0.12 to -00.04) -1.17 drinking days/wk, from a baseline of 2.74 days/week; IFF SMD (-0.21, 95%) 0.31 drinking days per week, compared with 2.9 drinks per week in the baseline of 13.7. No effect was found for GFF or MC. Estimated blood alcohol concentration (BAC): SMD -0,0.08, 95%. Low quality evidence (low quality evidence) -2.7%, 95.0% of participants were found to have a lower peak BAC, compared to an average of 0.144% or 0.135%. No effects for typical BAC with IFF or MF were found. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. We interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three randomised controlled trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no intervention. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions improved function measured using the Harris Hip Score at 12 month follow-up, or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) measured by the Short Form-12 at four week follow up, compared to not providing this. We are also uncertain if perceived satisfaction in the rate of recovery differed in people who were not prescribed postoperative equipment or restrictions (135/151 satisfied) compared to those prescribed equipment and restriction (113/152 satisfied). The study was of very low quality evidence. The second study (265 participants; 303 THAs) compared the provision with versus without the prescription of postoperative devices and restrictions to functional activities. There was no evidence to support or refute the adoption of a postoperative community rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and education compared to conventional rehabilitation strategies based on functional outcomes. We were uncertain if providing enhanced postoperative education and rehabilitation improved function when assessed using the Objective and Subjective Functional Capability Index (146 participants, one trial; P > 0.05; no numerical results provided) compared with conventional rehabilitation. The third study (146 people; 146 THAs; 146 participants) looked at the effect of providing an enhanced training and education service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL versus a conventional rehabilitation intervention in the community. This study was not able to measure pain, function, HRQOL, re-operation rates or total side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of participants in the studies and the small size of the studies. The evidence presented in this review is up-to-date as of May 2015.
Three randomised controlled trials were included. In two trials, there was a statistically significant reduction in the recurrence of painful periods in the LNG-IUD group compared with expectant management (moderate strength of evidence). The proportion of women who were satisfied with their treatment was also higher but did not reach statistical significance (RR 1.21, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.82, 95 women, I2 = 0%). The number of women reporting a change in menstruation was significantly higher in the women who received LNG, but this did not differ between groups. In one trial, women receiving LNG noted lower pain scores compared with women receiving gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists (MD -0.16, 95%, 40 women) but this was not statistically significant. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative use of LNG in women with endometriosis reduces the number of painful menstrual periods. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA (14/24). Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from three studies (n = 154) found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s), but with considerable uncertainty: SMD −0.55 (95% CI −1.27 to 0.18) (low certainty evidence). Eighteen studies investigated proximity interventions. Most changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. Meta-regression analyses indicated that this effect was greater: the farther away the product was placed; when only the targeted product(s) was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of being biased. For consumption outcomes, only one study with one comparison was identified, which found that food placed farther away resulted in moderate reduction in its selection. SMD -0.60 (95%) (very low certainty evidence) (moderate certainty evidence), and for consumption outcomes (15 comparisons from 12 studies, 1098 participants) SMD +0.10 (low confidence evidence). The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the certainty of this evidence as assessed by GRADE is low or very low. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, intervening across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco products - and over sustained time periods.
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the effect of PEP in preventing HIV infection in healthcare workers. We found only one study, which compared the effects of zidovudine (a drug used to prevent HIV infection) with other antiretroviral drugs (such as indinavir) or placebo (a dummy drug). The study was conducted in a hospital in the United States. The study found that PEP was effective in preventing the transmission of HIV infection to healthcare workers who were exposed to HIV. However, it was associated with a higher risk of bleeding on the device, a needle placed in the source patient's blood vessel, and terminal illness in the patient. After controlling for these risk factors, no differences were detected in the rates at which cases and controls were offered post-exposure prophylaxis (a treatment in which people are offered a drug to prevent exposure to HIV). However, cases had significantly lower odds of having taken zidvudine after exposure compared to controls. The use of occupational PEP is based on limited direct evidence of effect. Due to the low risk of HIV seroconversion, a very large sample size would be required to have enough power to show an effect. A randomized controlled clinical trial is neither ethical nor practical. It is highly unlikely that a definitive placebo-controlled trial will ever be conducted, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a single case-control study, a four-week regimen of pethidine should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk of infection. Adherence to and complications with PEP  Eight reports from observational comparative studies confirmed findings that adverse events were higher with a three-drug regimen, especially one containing indinaviral drugs, but discontinuation rates were not significantly different. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, are required. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that HIV infection is not 100% effective in prevention. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug regimens following occupational exposure to the virus following HIV infection, but, due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV-infected individuals, a combination of drugs should be used for PEP. We recommend a formal systematic review of all relevant animal studies.
CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. CBT but not behaviour therapy has small effects on disability associated with chronic pain, with some maintenance at six months. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood, but showed a small improvement in mood immediately following treatment, but not on pain or mood, when compared to an active control. The quality of the trial design has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not. At present there are insufficient data on the quality or content of treatment to investigate their influence on outcome. There is no need for more general RCTs reporting group means: rather, different types of studies and analyses are needed to identify which components of CBT work for which type of patient on which outcome/s, and to try to understand why.CBT is a useful approach to the management of chronic pain.
We identified 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met the inclusion criteria. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. All of the studies except one used an uncontrolled pre-post study design. Because of high levels of study heterogeneity (I2 > 90%), we focused on individual initiatives rather than on pooled results. Ten initiatives provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). Five of these showed mean decreases in average daily salt intake per person from pre-intervention to post-inter intervention, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams/Day less (Ireland). Two initiatives showed mean increase in salt intake (1.66) and Switzerland (0.80 grams/ day more per person); however in both countries the data point was from several years prior to the initiation of the intervention. The remaining initiatives did not show a statistically significant mean change. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated intervention activities of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a statistically insignificant mean decrease in salt in the population ranging from Finland to Ireland (see above). Nine initiatives permitted quantitative analysis by sex (men and women separately). For women, three initiatives (Austria, Netherlands, Switzerland, United Kingdom) showed no significant change and two (Canada, United States) showed an increase in mean salt intake. Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in average salt intake occurred by other axes of equity included in the PROGRESS framework. We identified no adverse effects of these initiatives. We graded the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias of the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population and rigorous measurement of dietary sodium intake. We could perform a sensitivity analysis only for impact. The quality of evidence for the main outcome was low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared any of the following drugs: amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa (Prolopa®) and tryptophan (one study) were compared with placebo. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. We found seven studies that met the inclusion criteria for this review. These studies were conducted in people with sleep bruxism. The drugs were compared to placebo (a dummy pill) or to other drugs. The results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no difference or harm for each of the drugs. These were the results for specific outcomes: 1. Amitriptine versus placebo for masseteric electromyography (EMG) activity per minute: standardized mean difference (SMD) 0.28 (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.91 to 0.34; P value = 0.37), 2. bromoproline versus sham (placebo) or placebo for the number of sleep-related episodes per hour of sleep: SMD 0.60 ( 95% CI -2.93 to 4.13) or number of episodes with grinding noise (shaking noise) and SMD 1.16 (95%. SMD -1.16) or SMD 2.05 (95.05) for the amount of time spent in bedriddenness (shaken sleep) or for the duration of the night. 3. cloneidine versus placebo (1 study) or sham (1.5 studies) for number of awakenings in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia compared with 0/10 in the placebo group, as well as in people who received proproanolol (7/16 had moderate-to-severe awakenings compared with 2/16 in the sham group). Clonidine was associated with prolonged morning hypotension in three of 16 participants. 4. L-tryptophan versus placebo or sham for sleep duration, EMG activity per second and pain intensity, SMD 6.06 (95%). SMD 7.08 (95%, SMD 8.06) for duration of sleep. We combined several secondary outcomes (sleep duration, pain intensity and sleep duration) in a meta-analysis for comparison of l-triptophan with placebo, but the results were uncertain because of statistical imprecision. One study reported that clonidine reduced rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and increased the second stage of sleep, but results for other sleep related outcomes were uncertain. The use of preventive medication avoided any adverse effects in people treated with bromodopa and bromokriptine. Adverse effects were frequent in people taking amitripyline (5/10 had drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the first few hours after taking the drug, insomnia, insomnia and pain in the second and third hours after the drug was taken, compared with no adverse effects). The results for most comparisons were uncertain, mainly because of the small size of the included studies. There was insufficient evidence on the effectiveness of pharmacotherapy for the treatment of sleep bruises. This systematic review points to the need for more, well-designed, randomized controlled trials.
We included 10 studies with 1015 participants. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. All studies reported mortality. For the primary outcome, study authors reported no differences in all-cause mortality (longest period reported) with the use of an immunonutrition enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants (risk ratio (RR) 079, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.59 to 1.07; participants = 1015; studies = 10; low-quality evidence). For secondary outcomes, we are uncertain whether immunonut nutrition reduces the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) and ventilator days (MD -2.24 days, 581 participants = 581). We are also uncertain whether it improves oxygenation, defined as ratio of partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO₂) to fraction of inspired oxygen at day 4 (MD 39 mmHg, 676 participants = 676), or whether they increase adverse events such as cardiac events, gastrointestinal events, or total adverse events (RR 0.91, 95%, 95% CI 0.67 to 1). Adverse events associated with immunonutnutrition are uncertain, as confidence intervals include the potential for increased cardiac, gastrointestinal, and total side effects. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings.
We found 33 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different methods of eliciting AEs. Two included participant interviews. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. We found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between elicitation methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. Future studies would be improved by using and reporting clear definitions and terminology for AEs (and other important variables), frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, coded, and tabulated/reported. Any chosen questioning method needs to be feasible for use by both staff and participants. While the many potential AE endpoints in a trial may preclude the development of general AE patient-reported outcome measurement instruments, much could also be learnt from how these employ both quantitative and qualitative methods to better understand data elicited.
We identified 582 records from the databases and search strategies. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract) for inclusion in the review. We excluded 15 studies: eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP; five studies measured sensitivity of devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure SUDEP, and two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing SUDEP. One listed study is awaiting classification. We included one case-control study at serious risk of bias within a qualitative analysis in this review. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls ascertained a protective effect for the presence of nocturnal supervision (unadjusted odds ratio (OR) 034, 95% confidence interval (CI) 022 to 053) and when a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. This effect was independent of seizure control. The number of deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and number of hospital attendances were not reported. This review found very low-quality evidence of a preventative effect for night supervision against SUDEP in people with epilepsy. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, such as seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists in preventing suDEP.
We searched scientific databases for studies that compared autogenic drainage to any other form of airway clearance technique. We found seven studies that included 208 people with cystic fibrosis. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over in design; participant numbers ranged from 17 to 75. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. The studies recruited a range of participants and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak expiratory flow (per cent predicted). Six studies reported sputum weight. Three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing active cycle of breathing techniques, but not with autogenic ventilation. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except for the preferred technique of the participants in the one study over postural drainage and percussion. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the quality of evidence were the frequent use of a cross over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. The varied length and design of studies made the analysis of pooled data challenging. Larger studies are required to better evaluate the effectiveness of this intervention in comparison to other airway clearing techniques in view of the relatively small number of participants in this review and the complex study designs. Autogenic drainage is a challenging technique that requires commitment from the individual. As such, this intervention merits systematic review to ensure its effectiveness for people with CF.
Twenty five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review, of which 22 studies (1060 participants) contributed data to meta-analyses. Based on thirteen studies, psychological therapies, all using a CBT approach, were more effective than TAU/WL in achieving clinical response at post-treatment, and also in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms. Six studies compared CBT against supportive therapy (non-directive therapy and attention-placebo conditions). No significant difference in clinical response was indicated between CBT and supportive therapy, however, significant heterogeneity was indicated, which was partly explained by the number of therapy sessions. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Psychological therapy based on CBT principles is effective in reduction anxiety symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. No studies conducted longer-term assessments of CBT versus TAU or WL. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD in the future.
Twelve trials (1,856 women) met the inclusion criteria. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-center trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. Eight of the included trials compared treatment with placebo and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. Ten trials (1684 women) contributed data to the analyses. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. The meta-analysis of all women, suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women given progestogens compared to placebo/controls (average risk ratio (RR) 0.73, 95% confidence interval (CI) 054 to 1.00, 10 trials, 1684 women, moderate-quality evidence). A subgroup analysis comparing placebo-controlled versus non-placebo-controlled trials, trials of women with three or more prior miscarriages compared to women with two or more miscarriages and different routes of administration showed no clear differences between subgroups for miscarriage. None of the trials reported on any secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. There was probably a slight benefit for women receiving progestogenic treatment in the outcome of live birth rate (RR 1.07, 6 trials, 1411 women). We are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. No clear differences were seen for the other secondary outcomes including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth. There may be little or no difference in the rates of low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to an intensive care unit. For women with unexplained recurrent miscarriages, supplementation with progestogenesis therapy may reduce the rate in subsequent pregnancies.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) versus MIB. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. The included trials rarely captured maternal and neonatal outcomes. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates (three trials, 264 participants), maternal toxicity at delivery (two trials, 217 participants), or low birth weight (one trial, 160 participants). However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups compared to MIB intervention groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test) in any of the interventions compared to control. These results held for both CM and MIB combined. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psychological interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However, few studies evaluated obstetrical or neonatal outcome measures and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect of these interventions on these clinically important outcomes. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate psychosolic modalities of treatment in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term net adverse clinical events (NACE) (i.e. assessed during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up) (4 studies; 4 studies; moderate quality evidence), cardiac death (RR 069, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.88; 11,170 participants; 11 studies), bleeding, and access site complications (low quality evidence). Short-term myocardial infarction was similar between both groups (high quality evidence) but was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality. Transradational approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce long-term NACE, cardiac death, bleeding, bleeding and access sites complications. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long term clinical outcomes.
We identified two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings. One individually randomised RCT (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options on surrogate decision-makers of nursing home residents with dementia. Data for 90 participants (35% of the original study) met the definition of advanced dementia for this review and were re-analysed for the purposes of the review. The intervention was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group (risk ratio (RR) 5.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.37 to 25.02), but the plan was only adopted for two participants, both in the treatment group, while in hospital. We found no evidence that the intervention affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. In this subset, intervention surrogates had lower scores for decisional conflict measured on the Decisional Conflict Scale (mean difference -0.30, 0.61 to 0.01, reduction of 0.4 units considered meaningful) and were more likely than those in the control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician, but imprecision meant that there was significant uncertainty about both results. There were only two included studies in this review, with variation in interventions and in the settings that made it impossible to conduct a meta-analysis of data for any outcome. There are six ongoing studies that we expect to include in future versions of this review. Very little high quality work has been completed in this area. Thus, we conclude that there is insufficient evidence to assess the effect on death rates in advanced dementia, but there is an increased interest in the area by researchers, which is welcome and needed.
Three trials reporting two different comparisons were identified. There were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse-free and metastasis-free outcomes based on 1166 randomised women in three trials. Concurrent chemoradiation increased anaemia, telangiectasia, pigmentation and pigmentation, but other measures of toxicity did not differ between the two types of sequencing. On the basis of one trial (244 women), RT before CT was associated with an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis compared with CT before RT. Treated women did not report worse cosmesis but physician-reported assessments did (OR 1.14; 95% CI 0.42 to 3.07). The data included in this review, from three well-conducted randomised trials, suggest that different methods of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
We found nine studies involving a total of 622 participants. The studies were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance and weight training, and the other three studies used CrP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing CrP with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events (low-quality evidence). There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. There were no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of using CrP supplements in overweight or obese adults.
Eleven studies with a total of 886 participants were included in the review. These evaluated a range of comparisons in surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. In general studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. These factors reduced the quality of the evidence. There was a reduction in time to healing of open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy when treated with Triclosan post-operatively compared with a standard sodium hypochlorite solution (mean difference -1.70 days, 95% CI -3.41 to 0.01). This was classed as low quality evidence. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. There were no clear differences in the time to wound healing between groups. However, there was some evidence of a difference in measures used to assess wound infection (wound with foul smell and number of participants prescribed antibiotics) which favoured the zinc oxide group. One small study reported that sucralfate cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds compared to a petrolatum cream over a three week period. The study also reported lower wound pain scores in participants who were treated with this cream. Evidence was taken from one small study that only had 43 participants. The evidence for possible treatment effects was reported from single studies with small participant numbers and was rated as moderate or low quality. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate. There is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. Where some evidence was reported, it was based on a single study with small numbers of participants and was assessed as moderate to low quality, which means that we are very uncertain about the effect of these treatments. The quality of evidence was low due to the small number of included studies and the small size of the included studies.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies that compared wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients to unfortified flour. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa, and Bangladesh), one study was conducted in a lower middle-income country (Bangladesh), and three studies in Canada. Three studies included maize flour fortified either alone or in combination with other nutrients (folic acid and other nutrients). The evidence is current to August 2015. We found 10 studies with a total of 1182 participants. Five studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1182 participants, 8037 live births). Three studies were non-randomised trials (1181 participants, 198037 births). Two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). In one non-RCT, wheat flour fortified with foliage was associated with significantly lower occurrence of total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly. In two non-rCTs, serum folate concentrations were significantly higher among women who consumed flour fortified in addition to other nutrients compared to women who did not. Folate status: pregnant women who received folicacid-fortified maize porridge had significantly higher erythrocyte folate and plasma folate (a measure of folate concentration) and higher serum serum levels, compared to those who consumed no intervention. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flour fortification with folate did not have higher serum levels or plasma levels. Adults consuming folate-fortification wheat flour bread rolls had higher plasma levels and serum levels of folates. Haemoglobin or anaemia: there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on haemoglobin and anaemia. None of the included RCTs reported any adverse events. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very low. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination for attrition and contamination.
We identified six randomised controlled trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow-up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. Varying study designs, outcomes reported and summary measures precluded calculation of pooled estimates and only data from one study were analysed. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were significantly better among screened participants; 33% of screened versus 50% of control participants had Wisconsin chest X-ray (WCXR) scores over five (P = 0.097) and 24% versus 45% of controls (BCXR scores under 21). Over time, chest radiography scores were worse in the screened group. Severe malnutrition was less common in screened participants. Compared with screened participants, the odds ratio of weight below the tenth percentile was 4.12 (95% CI 1.64 to 10.38) in the control group. In screened participants colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa occurred earlier. Estimates suggest diagnosis through screening is less expensive. Nutritional benefits are apparent. Screening provides potential for better pulmonary outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF.
We found five randomized trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. The total number of participants included in the DBP target analysis was 2580. Despite achieving a significantly lower BP (119.3/64.4 mmHg vs 133.5/70.5 mmHG, P < 0.0001), and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant benefit in the group assigned to lower blood pressure (SBP) was a reduction in the incidence of stroke: risk ratio (RR) 0.58, 95% confidence interval (CI) 039 to 0.88, P = 0.009, absolute risk reduction 1.1%. The effect of SBP targets on mortality was compatible with both a reduction and increase in risk: RR 1.05 CI 0.84 to 1.30, low quality evidence. There was a trend towards reduction in total mortality in the groups assigned to the 'lower blood pressure' target, mainly due to a trend to lower non-cardiovascular mortality. Trying to achieve the SBP target was associated with a significant increase in the number of other serious adverse events: RR 2.58 (95% CI 1.70 to 3.91, P= 0.00001), absolute risk increase 2.0%. Four trials (ABCD-H, ABCD-N, HOT, and a subgroup of HOT) specifically compared clinical outcomes in people with diabetes. A sensitivity analysis of trials comparing DBP targets < 80 mm Hg (as suggested in clinical guidelines) versus < 90 mm HG showed similar results. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse event were not reported in any of the trials. At the present time, evidence from randomized trials does not support blood pressure target lower than the standard targets in adults with elevated blood pressure and diabetes. More randomized controlled trials are needed, with future trials reporting total mortality, total serious side effects as well as cardiovascular and renal events.
Fourteen trials (709 participants) met the inclusion criteria for the review. One study compared two different types of non-removable casts with no discernable difference between the groups. Seven studies (366 participants) compared non- removable casts with removable pressure-relieving devices. In five of those studies the number of ulcers healed compared with the removable device (RR 1.17 95% CI 1.01 to 1.36: P value = 0.04). Two studies (98 participants) found that significantly more ulcers were healed with non the removable casts than with dressings alone. Achilles tendon lengthening combined with a non theremovable cast in one study resulted in significantly more healed ulcers at 7 months than non the removable cast alone. More ulcers remained healed at two years in this group. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of foot ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention. Non the removable devices, when combined with Achilles tendon strengthening were more successful in one forefoot ulcer study than the use of a non to removable devices alone.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared non-pharmacological interventions (such as computer-assisted cognitive training, compensatory strategy training, physical activity and meditation) with placebo or no intervention. We found five studies that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on objectively assessed cognitive function (including processing speed, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed- and immediate- memory, self-reported cognitive function and mental well-being), subjectively reported cognitive function, and spiritual quality of life (QoL). The meta-analyses of two RCTs (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from cognitive training immediately or two months after the intervention. Compensatory strategies training did not improve cognitive function immediately or on mental well being. However, the meta-analysis of two studies (95 patients) did show an improvement in cognitive function in patients who received cognitive strategy training compared to wait-list controls. Evidence for physical activity or meditation interventions on cognitive outcomes is unclear. We assessed the quality of the evidence to be low for physical and mental health outcomes and this evidence was rated to be of low quality and, therefore findings should be interpreted with caution. Larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active attentional control group, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) are required in order to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this intervention approach. There is also a need to conduct research into cognitive impairment among cancer patient groups other than women with breast cancer.
We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and piperacetazine (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.02; participants = 208; studies = 2; very low-quality evidence). One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS); no clear differences were observed. Chlorpromazine appears no worse or better than Piperacetazine regarding adverse effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear difference in numbers of participants leaving the study early for any reason was observed. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Currently, should clinicians and people with schizophrenia need to choose which treatment to use, they should be aware there is no good quality evidence to base decisions. More high quality research is needed.
Five randomised trials were identified with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stent and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. However, use of stents seems to be as safe as emergency surgery for the treatment of malignant colon obstruction. The clinical success rate was higher in emergency surgery than in the colic stents. The mean procedure/operating time was 113.93 minutes compared to 143.85 minutes for emergency surgery and the mean hospital stay was 11.53 days compared to 17.15 days. The median blood loss was 50 ml compared to 350 ml for the stent. The complication rate was 39.22% and 45.71% respectively in the stents and emergency surgery groups. There were no significant differences in the overall complication rate between the two groups in terms of length of hospital stay and procedure time. The use of a stent in malignant bowel obstruction seems to have no advantage over emergency surgery, however, the quality of the evidence is low due to the variability in the sample size and trial designs in the included studies.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin (seven studies, 1452 high risk women) or HES (two studies, two RCTs) or mannitol (one study, 168 women) versus placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS. The evidence was very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though heterogeneity was substantial. This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to12%) with the use of albumin. However, there was a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates (Peto OR 0.72 95% CI 0.55 to 0.94, I² = 42%, seven studies 1069 high-risk women, moderate quality evidence). This suggests if the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it would be about 32% (27% to 38%) without treatment. We found no evidence of an effect on the number of women who became pregnant with HES, and there was no evidence that HES had any influence on pregnancy rate. There were no data on live birth rates in any of the studies. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. Evidence suggests that the plasma expanders assessed in this review (human albumin, HES and mennitol) reduce rates of moderate and severe OHS in women at high risk. This evidence is based on very few trials which need to be confirmed in additional, larger trials (RCTs).
Ten studies involving 484 patients were included in this review. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any one agent versus another. There were some evidence suggesting that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was probably more likely than placebo. Evidence from one study suggested that hypertonics were no more painful than placebo, but the data were not suitable for meta-analysis. STS was more painful in the short term than either heparsal (20% saline mixed with heparin 100 units/mL) or placebo, and there was some evidence from one small study suggesting that STS had more painful side effects. The quality of the evidence was poor, as was the quality of reporting of the studies. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction. Future research efforts should incorporate more demographic data and symptom measures to allow for comparison with findings from observational studies, thereby aiding assessment of how various risk groups respond to treatment.
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. Salbutamol administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. The peak effect was seen at 120 minutes for 10 mg nebulised salt and at 90 minutes for 20 mg inhaler. Intravenous insulin-dextrose was more effective than bicarbonate and aminophylline in reducing serum potassium. When compared to other interventions, salbutaml had similar effect to insulin-Dextrose (2 studies) but was more successful than bacarbonate (1 study). Insulin-dxtrose was also effective than IV calcium or potassium binding resins and IV calcium salts in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions to reduce serum potassium, such as intravenous (IV) or intramuscular (IV), but there is not enough evidence to make firm recommendations for clinical practice. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium (calcium salts) or potassium-binding resins on adverse events. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of high blood potassium levels is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however, there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce the levels of potassium in the blood. Of the studied agents, salt via any route appears to be the most effective at reducing potassium levels. The effectiveness of salt and calcium resins has not been tested in randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and requires further study before firm recommendations can be made. Allocation and blinding methodology was poorly described in most studies.
We found 29 studies, involving a total of 4216 participants, that compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic lock solutions) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. Fifteen studies used antibiotic lock solutions, 21 used non-antibiotics lock solutions and 4 used both. Studies reported the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Antibiotic and combined lock solutions probably reduced CRI per 1000 catheter-days, but probably made little or no difference to the risk of blood clots in the catheter (very low certainty evidence). Subgroup analysis of antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions showed that both probably reduced the number of catheter clots (low certainty evidence) and risk of clotting problems (very certainty evidence), but probably did not make any difference to risk of bleeding in the blood (very confidence evidence). Antibiotics and combined locking solutions probably decreased CRI compared to control lock solutions. However, the effect on risk of clots was uncertain for all antimicrobial locks solutions. Non-antiotic antimicrobial and combination lock solutions decreased the incidence for tunnelled CVC (high certainty evidence); however, they probably made no difference for non-tunnelled catheter. Subgroup analyses showed that antibiotic (5 studies: RR 076, 95% CI 0.42 to 1.38), combined lock solution (8 studies): RR 085, 95%. RR 0.85 and RR 1.66 (RR 0.66 to 0.86) showed that combination lock solution reduced the risk for clots per 1000 CVC, but the effect was uncertain. We judged the certainty of the evidence to be low or very low due to the small number of studies and small numbers of participants in the included in the studies. The quality of the included studies was low or unclear for most domains in the majority of the studies; therefore, better-designed studies are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimicrobial locking solutions.
We identified 15 studies (1098 participants). Of these, six investigated pre-emptive therapy versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at pre-preventive treatment versus antiviral prophylaxis, and one reported on oral versus intravenous pre-presetive treatment. Only one study reported adequate blinding of participants and personnel; no study reported blinding of outcome assessment. All studies were considered to be at low risk of bias. Compared with placebo or standard care, pre-emption therapy significantly reduced the risk of acute rejection but not acute rejection or all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. There were no significant differences in preventing CMV disease between pre-penetive and antiviral therapy, but there was significant heterogeneity between studies. Leucopenia was significantly less common with pre-predication compared with antiviral treatment. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. There was no significant difference in the risks of graft loss or graft rejection, graft rejection or graft loss due to CMV, and there were no differences in the rates of infection. Pre-prevention therapy is effective compared with placebo and standard care. Despite the inclusion of five additional studies in this update, the efficacy of pre-promoting CMV to prevent CMV in solid organ transplant recipients remains unclear due to significant heterogeneity in the studies. Additional head-to-head studies are required.
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) met our inclusion criteria: these investigated a total of 140 participants and ranged from six weeks to five months in duration. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. All RCTs compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. There was a statistically significant improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at three months with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo (mean difference -0.3%). No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is insufficient evidence to guide clinical practice. Further observational trials and randomised clinical trials are needed. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations - including other varieties of sweet potatoes - need to be addressed.
We searched for studies that compared the use of the active cycle of breathing technique with any other airway clearance therapy for cystic fibrosis. We found 19 studies, of which 19 (440 participants) met the inclusion criteria. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. Five randomised controlled studies (192 participants) were included in the meta-analysis; three were of cross-over design. The 14 remaining studies were not large enough to provide complete reports for complete assessment. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. However, most of the included studies reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. Five studies, with data from eight different comparators, found that the activity was comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. All other outcomes were either not measured or had insufficient data for analysis. There was no significant difference in lung function and the number of lung exacerbations between the activity alone or in conjunction with conventional chest physiotherapy. Preference of technique varied: more participants preferred autogenic drainage over the activity-based breathing technique; more preferred the activity based breathing technique over airway oscillating devices; and more were comfortable with the activity compared to high frequency chest compression. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use or rejection of the activity of breathing therapy. Longer-term studies are needed to more adequately assess the effects of the intervention on outcomes important for people with fibrosis such as quality of lives and preference.
Eight randomised controlled trials with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the standard insemination protocol were included in this review. Live birth was not reported in the included studies. For ongoing pregnancy rate, there were 127 ongoing pregnancies in two trials including 426 women. There were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials including 372 women. The low quality evidence showed that there was an increase in the number of ongoing pregnancies compared to the standard procedure. For the miscarriage rate, six miscarriages were reported in one trial including 167 women. This evidence suggests that there is no significant difference in the odds of miscarriage between the two methods. For clinical pregnancy, there was a significantly higher clinical pregnancy rate than the overnight procedure. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of women included in the studies. More research is needed to assess whether the use of short-term incubation would contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate. This review has provided evidence that brief-time incubation may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles.
In this review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, a long IT was associated with a significant increase in air leak. There was no significant difference in the incidence of BPD. Long ITs were associated with an increase in mortality before hospital discharge that reached borderline statistical significance. Most of the participants had single pathology (HMD) and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons such as meconium aspiration and congenital heart disease (lungs with normal compliance). However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are clinically important; thus, infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care, because the studies included in this review were conducted prior to the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of ventilatory support.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. Most of the studies were of low methodological quality. There is a large variety in the ways in which TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFU, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Of the eight meta-analyses in this review, five showed considerable statistical heterogeneity. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. No adverse effects were reported. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention. The low quality of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution.
We identified 38 trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, the retention was the number of participants remaining in the trial. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated questionnaire response. Strategies that improved trial retention were addition of monetary incentives compared with no incentive for return of trial-related postal questionnaires (RR 1.18; 95% CI 1.09 to 1.28, P value < 0.0001), addition of an offer of monetary incentive compared with a GBP20 voucher (GBP20 compared with GBP10) and offer of a 'package' of postal communication strategies with reminder letters appeared to be better than standard procedures. The evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires was unclear and the evidence for questionnaires relevant to the disease/condition was also unclear. Although each was based on the results of a single trial, recorded delivery of questionnaires seemed to be more effective than telephone reminders. There was no good evidence that a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. There were few evaluations of ways to improve participants returning to trial sites for trial follow-up. Some other strategies evaluated in single trials looked promising but need further evaluation. The effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to trial site and when a questionnaire is sent, may need to be further evaluated. Case management and behavioural strategies used for trial retention may also warrant further evaluation, as our analyses are based on single trials. The results of this review would depend on trial setting, population, disease area, data collection and follow up procedures. Included trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and Classic laryngeal mask airway groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. Seven included studies provided data relating to the primary outcome, and eight studies provided information related to more than one secondary outcome. Our analysis was hampered by the fact that a large proportion of the included studies reported no events in either study arm. Data show no important differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. We evaluated this outcome by assessing two variables: inadequate oxygenation (four studies, four studies, 617 participants) and inadequate ventilation (not estimable; one study, 80). More time was required to establish an effective airway using the Classic airway (mean difference (MD) 10.12 seconds, 95% CI 5.04 to 15.21; two studies, 434). Peak airway pressure during positive pressure ventilation was lower in cLMA participants (MD 0.84, 95%. Four studies, 259 participants). Mean oropharygeal leak (OPL) pressure (MD 6.93, 95%). The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision. Results were uncertain for several complications. Data were insufficient to allow estimation of differences for obstruction of the device. Low-quality evidence suggests that the ProSeal airway makes a better seal and therefore may be more suitable than the Classic-LMA. The Classic may be quicker to insert, but this is unlikely to be clinically meaningful.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. All 19 RCTs had follow-up ranging from one to five months. Participants were aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. We found that children treated with probiotics reported a greater reduction in pain frequency at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and significant heterogeneity. Children treated with fibre-based interventions were not more likely to experience an improvement in pain than children given placebo, and there was also no reduction in the pain intensity at three to six months after intervention compared to those receiving placebo. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate due to small numbers of participants in the studies. The estimated number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive probiotics for one to improve in pain in this timescale. We were unable to perform any meta-analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of life. The studies fell into four categories: trials of probiotics (13 studies), trials of fibre (four studies), and trials of low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharide, disaccharides, monossaccharides and polyols) diets (one study). We found only one study of low-FODMAP diets and only one trial of fructose-restricted diets, meaning no pooled analyses were possible. The evidence for this outcome was of moderate quality, due to significant heterogeneity in the included studies. Children with a symptom profile defined as diarrhoea or constipation were more likely than children with no symptoms to experience improvement in their symptoms at three months after treatment compared to children who received placebo (2 studies). We judged these two outcomes as having moderate quality because of the small number of participants included in these studies.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. Odds ratios (OR) for the two studies (802) with dichotomous discrimination outcomes showed no effect: results were 1.30 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.53 to 3.19) and 1.19 (CI 0.85 to 1.65). The 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had median SMDs favouring the intervention, at the three following time periods: -0.38 (immediate), -038 (1 week to 2 months) and -049 (6 to 9 months). SMDs for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from -2.94 to 2.40. The median SMD indicate that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from schizophrenia to that associated with major depression. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. We found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. Two studies (455) contained statements about adverse effects and neither reported finding any. The findings are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects, and very low for costs.
We included 85 studies in our review. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored views of healthcare providers and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. We identified 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context, service design and provision (24 findings, 15 moderate- or high-confidence); and what matters to women and staff (17 findings). The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas; personalised supportive care, and information and safety. We also developed two lines of argument, using high- or moderate-confidence findings: For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women’s need for privacy, and that allow staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience of ANC when they access it for the first time. For healthcare providers to deliver the kind of high-quality, relationship-based, locally accessible ANC that is likely to facilitate access by women, they need to have sufficient resources and staffing as well as the time to provide flexible personalised appointments that do not overload them with organisational tasks. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value kind and caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, and who respect women's belief that pregnancy is usually a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Healthcare providers also require sufficient training and education to do their job well, as well, and an adequate salary, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to supplement their income, or to fund essential supplies. This review has identified key barriers and facilitators to the uptake of ANC services by pregnant women, and in the provision (or not) of good quality ANC by healthcare providers, and it complements existing effectiveness reviews of models of ANC provision and adds essential insights into why a particular type of ANC provided in specific local contexts may or may not be acceptable, accessible, or valued by some pregnant women and their families/communities. Those providing and funding services should consider the three domains identified by the review as a basis for service development and improvement. Such developments should include pregnant and postnatal services, community members and other relevant stakeholders.
Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review; three of the studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Overall, calcium antagonists reduced the risk of poor outcome: the relative risk (RR) was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72 to 0.92) for a poor outcome and the corresponding number of patients needed to treat was 19. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral nimadipine; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice on the basis of the present evidence.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared myeloablative therapy with conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment for children with high-risk neuroblastoma. All three studies included 739 children. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. The first updated search identified a manuscript reporting additional follow-up data for one of these RCTs, while the second update identified an erratum of this study. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups, but the results were not univocal in all studies. There was a significant statistical difference in event-free survival between the two treatment groups. However, when additional follow up data were included in the analyses the difference remained statistically significant (three studies, 739 patients; HR 0.78, 95% CI 0.67 to 0.90), but the difference in overall survival was no longer significant (two studies, 360 patients). The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death did not show any significant statistical differences between the groups. For overall survival there is currently no evidence of effect when additional data are included. No information on quality of life was reported. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference between the treatment groups was identified. No definitive conclusions can be made regarding adverse effects and quality-of-life, although possible higher levels of adverse effects should be kept in mind. All studies had some methodological limitations. Survival rates may be overestimated due to the inclusion of patients with intermediate-risk disease. Different risk groups, using the most recent definitions, should be taken into account. The best study design to answer these questions is a randomized controlled trial (RCT). These trials should be performed in homogeneous study populations (e.g. stage of disease and patient age) and have a long-term follow up. This systematic review only allows a conclusion on the concept of myeloablation, but no conclusions on the best treatment strategy. It should be noted that recently the age cut-point for high risk disease was changed from one year to 18 months. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate- risk disease have been included in what is considered to be the high risk groups.
We identified eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that fulfilled our inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The median follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the evidence as low to very low certainty. TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced all-cause mortality at three years' follow up (risk ratio (RR) 0.80, 95% confidence interval (CI) 073 to 0.88; 552 participants; 7 trials; low-certainty evidence). TACE may reduce the number of participants without tumour response (complete response plus partial response) (RR 0.49, 0.61; 632 participants; 8 trials). The results on non-serious adverse events showed no difference in the results for proportion of participants with leukopenia, serum transaminases elevation and serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) without decline or normalisation, but these data were from one trial only (Chi² = 7.24, P = 0.007). However, the rate of total bilirubin elevation was larger in the TACE group than in the group without TACE. None of the trials reported serious adverse events. Data on health-related quality of life favoured TACE, but the provided data were ill-defined. The quality of the evidence was very low because of the methodological weaknesses in the included trials. We are very uncertain about the results of the reported side effects. We rated the certainty of the results as low due to the small number of included trials and the small numbers of participants included in the trials. The evidence is current to May 2015.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. The benefits and harms of various ways of increasing energy intake, including higher energy density milk feed and/or fluid volume (clinically realistic target volume should be set), parenteral nutrition, and the use of various constituents of energy like carbohydrate, protein and fat for this purpose also need to be assessed.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. For the subclavian vein (nine studies, 2030 participants, 2049 procedures), two-dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of inadvertent arterial puncture (three trials, 498 participants, risk ratio (RR) 021, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.82; P value 0.02, I² = 0%) and haematoma formation (four trials, 311 participants, 311 procedures). No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications (together, US, USD), number of attempts until success (US) or first-time success rates or time taken to insert the catheter (US). For the femoral vein, fewer data were available for analysis. However, success on the first attempt was more likely with ultrasound, and a small increase in the overall success rate was noted. No data on mortality or participant-reported outcomes were provided. Data on insertion by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain. The quality of evidence was very low for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for two outcomes. On the basis of available data, we conclude that two- dimensional ultrasound offers small gains in safety and quality when compared with an anatomical landmark technique for sub clavian or femoral venous catheterization.
Fifteen studies were included in this review. Four studies, 29 people, used intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people used controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 people used verum skin patch. The best dose physostigmine was associated with improvement on the ADAS-Cog score compared with placebo at 6, 12 and 24 weeks. There were statistically significantly higher numbers of patients withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events (22/183 vs 2/183) and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating at 6 weeks. When no attempt was made to identify responders and all relevant patients with Alzheimer's disease were randomized, fixed dose (mean 33 mg/day) was also associated with a higher number withdrawing due to side effects (234/358 vs 31/117) and withdrawing because of side effects, but with no benefit on cognition. There was no difference between the higher and lower dose (higher and lower doses) and placebo for numbers improved (CGIC) at 12 weeks. The double dose (delivering mean dose 12 mg/ day) was linked to statistically significantly more numbers suffering vomiting, nausea, or abdominal cramps, and the lower dose of 5.7mg/day was related to gastrointestinal complaints. The results from two of the four studies of the control-release form apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. The few results from the trials of the conventional oral version showed no benefit of the treatment. The evidence of effectiveness for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer’s disease is limited. Even in a controlled release formulation designed to overcome the short half-life, the treatment showed no convincing benefit and adverse effects remained common leading to a high rate of withdrawal.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with history of stroke, and one trial recruited participants who had a mix of people with CVD. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate. We found that fibrates were moderately effective for preventing non-fatal stroke, myocardial infarction, and vascular death. Fibrates did not prevent death from any cause, death from vascular causes, and stroke events. There was no increase in adverse events with fibrate compared to control. However, without clofibrate data, there was a beneficial effect on the primary composite outcome of the primary outcome of stroke. This benefit was consistent irrespective of age, gender, and diabetes mellitus. Moderate evidence showed that the use of fibrating drugs can be effective in the secondary prevention of composite outcomes of non-stroke, non-disease-related death, stroke, vascular death, and death due to vascular causes. This beneficial effect is based on the inclusion of data from a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to its unacceptably large adverse effects. Further trials are needed to determine the best treatment for people with previous stroke and also against a background treatment with statins.
Twelve trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants) satisfied inclusion criteria and contributed data to the analysis. All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The quality of evidence was also as assessed using GRADE. Overall, included studies had moderate risk of bias for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding, selective reporting and incomplete data. The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 500 mL or 400 mL was more pronounced in the group of women having vaginal birth than in women who had CS. Mean blood loss (from delivery until two hours postpartum) was lower following vaginal birth and CS and this effect was similar following CS. Additional medical interventions (moderate quality evidence) and blood transfusions were less frequent in women receiving TA versus placebo (low quality evidence). Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness and dizziness were more common with the use of TA. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects (nausea, vomiting or dizziness). The effect on maternal mortality, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events is uncertain, and its use in high-risk women should be investigated further.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine and rimantadines with placebo, paracetamol (one trial: 69 children) or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat influenza A. The evidence is current to February 2019. The studies were randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and randomised to children and the elderly. We found no studies assessing the safety of the drug in the elderly, although the quality of the evidence was low and the safety was not well established. The results of the studies showed that, compared to control (placebo) and no treatment, the use of the two drugs was effective in preventing influenza A in children (773 participants, risk ratio 0.11; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.30). The corresponding risk of influenza A was one per 100 (95% CI 0 to 3). The quality of evidence was very low: 103 participants (RR 0.14 to 1.41) had influenza A on day three of treatment in children: one selected study with low risk of bias, moderate evidence quality and 69 participants. The assumed risk was 38 per 100. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with the drugs. There were no adverse effects associated with treatment with either the drug or with no treatment. The risk of death from any cause was low in the children and very low for the elderly in the studies.
Nine randomised controlled trials, which included a total of 1512 women, met the inclusion criteria of this Cochrane review. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies they were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared the intervention in the cycle prior to IUI with the same cycle as the IUI cycle. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of intentional endometric injury. Neither of these trials reported the primary outcome of pain during the procedure. In all three comparisons there was no evidence of an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. The quality of the evidence was very low. When we restricted the analysis to only studies at low risk of bias, the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality. The evidence is current to May 2017. Intentional endometriosis compared to no intervention or a sham procedure We are uncertain whether endometria injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of evidence has been assessed as very low (risk ratio (RR) 2.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.56 to 3.15; six RCTs, 950 participants; I² statistic = 0%, very low). When we compared hysteroscopy with endometrium injury to hysteroscopies alone, there was not evidence of a difference in ongoing pregnancy rate or clinical pregnancy rate (RR 1.29, 95%, 95% CI 0.71 to 2.35; one RCT, 332 participants; low quality evidence). This study did not report the main outcome. Timing of the intervention When endometric injury was performed before IUI compared to the same period of time after IUI, there were no differences in the number of women who were pregnant or not pregnant (RR 0.37 to 1.16, one trial, 176 participants; very low) or in the rate of ongoing pregnancy or in clinical pregnancy. When the intervention was performed during the period of IUI versus the period following IUI we were uncertain whether there was any difference in the probability of pregnancy or live birth or ongoing pregnancy. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the intervention. However, only one study reported this outcome. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometrian injury was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS) (standard deviation = 1.5). The pooled results should be interpreted with caution as we graded the evidence as either low or very low for all outcomes. The main reasons we downgraded the evidence were most included studies were at a high level of bias and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted studies that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3905 nursing home residents. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were unable to determine whether professional oral therapy resulted in a lower number of first episodes of pneumonia compared with usual care over an 18-month period (low-quality evidence). We were not able to determine if professional oral therapies reduced the risk of pneumonia-associated mortality when compared to usual oral therapy at 24-month follow-up. The quality of the evidence from two studies was low-quality, meaning that we were uncertain whether or not professional oral treatment may reduce all-cause mortality compared to normal care, when measured at 24 months. We found no evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Evidence for other outcomes is inconclusive. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral therapy. Although the quality of evidence was low, this finding must be considered with caution. Further trials are needed to draw reliable conclusions.
Five studies (149 participants) met the inclusion criteria for this review. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks versus placebo), mesalazine with or without cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate (5 mg or 10 mg/day or 2.4 g/day versus 4.4g/day). The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and New Zealand. Budesonide (9 mg a day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. Clinical response was noted in 88% of budesonid patients compared to 38% of placebo patients (2 studies; 57 participants; RR 2.03, 95% CI 1.25 to 3.33; GRADE = low). Histological response was seen in 78% of budesonid patients with active lymphocytic colitis compared to 33% of patients treated with placebo. Forty-one patients were enrolled in the study assessing mesalazines (2.4 mg/daily) versus placebo. There were no differences in clinical remission at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment (RR 0.97, 0.75 to 1.24). Forty-six patients were enrolling in the trial studying beclmetasone dipsipionate. There was no difference in clinical response (P=0.10) or histological responses (P = 0.71) in patients treated in the mesalisons (5mg/daily or 10mg/day) compared with placebo (GRADE = very low). Although patients receiving mesalamines (84%) and mesalazepine (86%) achieved clinical remission, it was not maintained at 12 months (26% and 20%, respectively). Adverse events reported in the studies include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as adverse events in the beclometric dipropine study. No adverse events were reported in either study. The other three studies were judged to be at low risk of bias due to a lack of blinding. Low quality evidence suggests that budesonides may be effective for the treatment of active colitis. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. The study which compared mesalages with or against placebo was judged as low quality due to the very small sample size and limited data.
Twelve randomised controlled trials were included and evaluated outcomes in 3259 randomised patients with type 2 diabetes. Intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared SMBG with usual care without monitoring, one study compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with SMUG, one trial was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG versus usual care and one study was a two-arm trial comparing less intensive SMBG versus SMUG and more intensive SM BG with a control group. Seven out of 11 studies had a low risk of bias for most indicators. Meta-analysis of studies including patients with a diabetes duration of one year or more showed a statistically significant SMBG induced decrease in HbA1c at up to six months follow-up (-0.3; 95% confidence interval (CI) -04 to -0.1; 2324 participants, nine trials), yet an overall statistically non-significant decrease was seen at 12 months follow up. Qualitative analysis of the effect of SMBG on well-being and quality of life showed no effect on patient satisfaction, general well being or general health-related quality of lives. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. Two trials reported on the costs and effects of self- monitoring: One trial compared the costs of the intervention with the costs in 1990 based on nine measurements per week. At the end of the trial, costs for the intervention were £89 (104 EURO [11/2011 conversion]) for standardized usual care (control group), £181 (212 EURO (2011 conversion) for the SMUG group and £173 (203 EURO] for the more intensive self monitoring group. Higher losses to follow up in the SMBG group were responsible for the difference in costs, compared to the less intensive group. Authors concluded that total costs in the first year of self monitoring blood glucose, with the purchase of a reflectance meter were 12 times more expensive than self monitoring of urine glucose ($481 or 361 EURO compared $40 or 30 EURO). Another trial reported a full economical evaluation of the effects and costs of self monitored blood glucose. There was no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction or quality of living. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of SM BG and its impact on diabetes specific quality of lived, as well as the impact on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications.
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD met the inclusion criteria, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Compared to the control condition, cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance was superior for outpatients with cocaine dependence in one study, but CBT plus treatment as usual was not superior for men with recent verbal/physical violence in another. A multi-component intervention utilising motivational interviewing principles, the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program’, plus incarceration was superior to incarceration alone for imprisoned drink-driving offenders. Contingency management was superior in social functioning and counselling session attendance in the latter. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes related to substance misuse. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. Disappointingly few of the included studies addressed the primary outcomes defined in this review (aggression, reconviction, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects) and only one on aggression. Results suggest that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD. Further research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition.
This review included 11 studies with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 people, and five to one analysis relating to purulent rhinitis, with 791 people. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. There is no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for common cold or for persisting acute purulent rheumatic fever in children or adults. Participants receiving antibiotics did no better in terms of lack of cure or persistence of symptoms than those on placebo. The risk of adverse effects in the antibiotic group was 1.8 times greater than in the placebo group. Adult participants had a significantly greater risk of side effects with antibiotics than with placebo (random-effects) while there was no greater risk in children (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.63). There was an increase in side effects in children with antibiotics for acute purular rheumatitis (RR 1.46 compared to placebo), based on four studies with 723 participants. There were no differences in adverse effects between the two groups (RR 2.62 compared to 5.18). There is not enough evidence to recommend routine use of antibiotics for these conditions. The quality of the evidence is limited because some studies included only children or only adults, or only males; a wide range of antibiotics were used and outcomes were measured in different ways.
We included five trials (162 randomised participants). Three were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. One study declared funding by a pharmaceutical company. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two were younger than 15 years. Twenty-three of 162 participants had streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. None of the trials measured our efficacy primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. One three-armed trial (N = 43) assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week follow up from start of treatment). Adverse events and the proportion of participants achieving clear or almost clear skin were not measured. We found only five trials, which assessed the effects of five comparisons (systemic antibiotic treatment (penicillin, rifampicin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14-day treatment duration; six weeks of treatment); none of the review outcomes were measured. At eight-week (short-term) follow up, 1/15 in the tonsillectomy group, and 0/14 in the no treatment group achieved PASI 90 (i.e. mild) at eight weeks, and there was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in the percentage of participants with clear or nearly clear skin (risk ratio (RR) 2.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.68 to 5.85). There was no difference in the number of participants who achieved PGA 75 or PGA 1 to 2.0 (RR 6.56 to 116.7) at six weeks (long-term), and no adverse events were observed in either group. One trial (n = 50) compared a 500 mg daily azithromycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) versus vitamin C. One participant in the zyrtec group had nausea and mild abdominal upset, but not in the vitamin C group. The proportion of people who achieved clear or very clear skin was not measured, and we are very uncertain about the results presented. We rated the quality of the results as very low-quality evidence, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and high-risk of outcome reporting bias) and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events). Hence, we are not confident in the results of this review.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested a placebo (a substance that does not contain vitamin D). Fourteen studies compared vitamin D with placebo, and four studies compared a placebo with vitamin D. The trials were randomised to either vitamin D or a placebo, with a total of 464 participants randomly allocated to the vitamin D group, and 469 participants to the placebo group. We found no evidence that vitamin D had any effect on the rate of relapse of MS, worsening of disability measured by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS), and MRI lesions. Vitamin D did not increase the risk of serious adverse effects within a range of 26 to 52 weeks' follow-up (RD 0.01, 95% CI -0.03 to 0.04; I² = 35%; eight trials; 621 participants; low-quality evidence according to GRADE). Three studies reported health-related quality of life (HRQOL) using different HRQOL scales. Two studies reported fatigue using different scales. One study (158 participants) reported reduced fatigue compared with placebo. The other study (71 participants) found no effect on fatigue at 96 weeks'. One study reported improved ratings on the psychological and social components of the Health-related Quality of Life Scale, but had no effects on the physical components. Seven studies reported on cytokine levels, four on T-lymphocyte proliferation and one on matrix metalloproteinase levels, with no consistent pattern of change in these immunological outcomes. The randomised trials included in this review provided no data on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, proportion of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low, meaning that the evidence is of low or very low quality. The evidence is current to June 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared morphine for cancer pain. We found 62 studies, with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design ranging from one to 15 days, with the greatest number (11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. Fifteen studies compared oral morphine modified release (Mm/r) preparations with morphine immediate release preparations (MIR). Fourteen studies used morphine in different strengths; six of these included 24-hour modified release products. Six studies compared morphine with other opioids. Three studies compared MIR with MIR by a different route of administration. One study was found comparing each of the following: oral morphine tablet with a non-opioid; oral morphine suspension with an opioid; and oral morphine with epidural morphine. Two studies compared the same morphine formulation with rectal morphine; and two studies compared different morphine formulations given at different times and two compared morphine given at a different time. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Studies are old, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes and therefore were only designed to show equivalence between different formulations. Most trials recruited fewer than 100 participants and did not provide appropriate data for meta-analysis. The primary outcomes for this review were participant-reported pain and pain relief. Where results were reported for individual participants in 17 studies, 'no worse than mild pain' was achieved by 96% of participants (362/377), and an outcome equivalent to treatment success in 63% (400/638). Eighteen studies achieved this level of pain relief on average, and no study reported that good levels of pain reduction were not attained. Pain relief did not differ between Mm and MIR. A small number of participants did not achieve adequate pain relief with morphine. Only a few reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% had no worse than severe pain within a reasonably short time period. The review demonstrates the wide dose range of morphine used in studies, and that a small percentage of participants are unable to tolerate oral morphine. The results have not changed for this update. The effectiveness of oral morphine has stood the test of time, but the randomised trial literature for morphine is small given the importance of this medicine. Adverse events were common, predictable, and approximately 6% of people discontinued treatment with morphine because of intolerable adverse events. The evidence is current to May 2015. We included seven new studies in this review. We excluded six, and one study is ongoing so also not included in the update. We judged the included studies to be at high risk of bias because the methods of randomisation and allocation concealment were poorly reported.
Fourteen trials were included in this review, totalling 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery plus steroid injection (five studies); open surgery plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection (one study); open operations plus steroid injections versus steroid injection, and endoscopic surgery versus open surgery. The primary comparison was open surgery compared with steroid injections, because open surgery is the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and considered as standard surgery, whereas steroid injection is the least invasive control treatment method, and is often used as first-line treatment in clinical practice. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias. Evidence was downgraded due to study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision. Based on two trials (270 participants) from six up to 12 months, 50/130 (or 385 per 1000) individuals had recurrence of trigger finger in the steroid injection group compared with 8/140 (or 65 per 1000; range 35 to 127) in the open surgery group, for an absolute risk difference that 29% fewer people had symptoms with open surgery (60% fewer to 3% more individuals); relative change translates to improvement of 83% (67% to 91% better). At one week, 9/49 (184 people) people had pain on the palm of the hand compared with 38/56 (or 678 people; ranging from 366 to 1000; ranging between 366 and 1000; from 366 and 678 per 1000), for a relative change of 29% (585% to 99% worse) (one trial, 105 participants). Because of very low quality evidence from two trials, we are uncertain whether open surgery improves resolution of symptoms in the six to 12-month period after the treatment, when compared to steroid injection. We are uncertain if open surgery increased the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) (18/140 observed with 17/130 in the control group; RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.84) (low-quality evidence). The quality of the evidence was low-quality because the studies had flaws in the design and reporting of the studies.
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 931 participants were included in this review. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of bias. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, demonstrated a statistically significant overall survival (OS) benefit for RT plus PCV, with a median OS of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm. This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent prognostic factors for OS in two of the RCTs (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and EORTC). The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and whether temozolomide can be substituted for this remains unclear.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three trials compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two trials compared oral montelukast against placebo (n = 103). We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not analysed as randomised. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (MD −3.18, 95% CI −8.70 to 2.35) between children receiving intran asal steroids compared to placebo (2 studies, 75 participants; low-certainty evidence). In contrast, children receiving oral montlukast had a lower AHI compared to those in the placebo group (2 trials, 103 participants). We are also uncertain whether the secondary outcomes are different between the two groups: desaturation index, respiratory arousal index, and nadir oxygen saturation (MD 0.59%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.27 to 5.88; 2 studies, 107 participants; high-certainity evidence). Children receiving oralmontelukst had a significantly lower respiratory arousal score and a significantly higher oxygen saturation score (MD 4.07, 95%) compared to children in the control group. The certainty of the results on the AHI and respiratory arousal scores was low due to imprecision of the estimates and heterogeneity between studies. Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly distributed between study groups. No study examined the avoidance of surgical treatment for OSA as an outcome. There is insufficient evidence for the efficacy of intranAsal corticosteroids for the treatment of OSA in children; they may have short-term beneficial effects on the levels of sleep apnoea, hypopnoeas, and respiratory arousals during sleep. The clinical relevance of the observed treatment effects remains unclear, however, because minimal clinically important differences are not yet established for polysomnography-based outcomes in children. Long-term efficacy and safety data on the use of
We included six studies with a total of 1291 children. Of the six included studies, five investigated the prevention of VTE compared with no intervention, and one study compared AT supplementation and LMWH with AT supplementation (n = 71). All studies had methodological limitations, and clinical heterogeneity between studies was noted. In the experimental group, 1/68 (1.5%) children were diagnosed with symptomatic VTE, as were 4/114 in the control group (best case scenario: risk ratio (RR) 0.65, 95% confidence interval (CI 0.09 to 4.78). In one CCT, which compared one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment, we identified a significant reduction in VTE with the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation. We found no differences in adverse events (such as major and/or minor bleeding, heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (HIT), low-dose warfarin, cryoprecipitate or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplementation, and post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS)) between experimental and control groups. All studies investigated the prevalence of bleeding episodes, and none found a significant difference between study groups. Three studies provided information on bleeding episodes: One participant developed an ischaemo-haemorrhagic stroke. None of the studies reported other adverse events: None occurred. These studies also evaluated asymptomatic CVC-related VTE: 22/68 children (32.4%) were diagnosed, and 35/114 children (30.7%) were not diagnosed, without bleeding complications, as was the case in the controlled group. We did not find any significant effects of systemic treatments in preventing VTE in paediatric oncology patients with CVCs. However, this could be a result of the low number of included participants, which resulted in low power. In one study, we found no significant effects in preventing (a)symptomatic bleeding and (b)removal of CVC due to VTE or (c)related infection, and (e.g.) PTS among participants. One study reported on other side effects, but none occurred. Four cohort studies were included for the evaluation of adverse events. The evidence is current to August 2015.
Three randomised controlled trials with a total of 287 participants were included in this review. In the first trial of 98 participants, neurological deficits in the lower extremities occurred in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The second trial of 33 participants used CSFD and intrathecal papaverine. The third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group versus 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving CSFD (P = 0.03). Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in the relative risk of postoperative deficits. For CSFD-only trials, OR was 0.57 (95% CI 0.28 to 1.17) and for intention-to-treat analysis in CSFD only studies, the OR remained unchanged. Analysis was undertaken after only one third of the estimated sample size had entered the trial. The results did not have a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. There are limited data supporting the role of CSFS in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 662 participants. Our primary outcomes of interest were as follows: Participant-rated global improvement, Percentage of participants reaching Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which meant equal to or more than 75% reduction in PASI score), Withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate. In one RCT of NB-UVB compared with oral PUVA in participants with CPP, the difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 0.91, 95% confidence interval (CI) 063 to 1.32; N = 51; low quality). In three other RCTs, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, the clearances were statistically significantly higher in favour of oralPUVA. Pooled data from these three studies indicated that withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different between either group. In participants with PPP, one trial found there were no significant differences between NB and topical PUVA treated sides in terms of clearance rate (RR 0.09, low quality), while a parallel RCT favoured bath PUVA. Two trials found that NB plus retinoid had similar effects for treating CPP or GP. Re-NB-UV and re-PUVA are similarly effective for treating people with either CPP and GP. No studies reported our primary outcomes. The evidence is very heterogeneous and needs to be interpreted with caution. In practice, NB is considered ineffective for PPP in clinical practice, since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy.
Twenty one eligible studies were identified with a total of 1525 participants. About half of the trials had low risk of bias for randomisation and allocation concealment. One small trial showed that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone (RR for failing to achieve full continence 0.47, 95% CI 0.33 to 0.65). The combined data of two trials showed that the number of people who failed to achieve complete continence was significantly lower when electrical stimulation was added to the exercises compared to biofeedbacks alone. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any method of treatment or exercises. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training. Sacral nerve stimulation is better than conservative management which included biofeedby and PFMT. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implanted sacral nerve stimulator. The limited number of identified trials together with methodological weaknesses of many do not allow a definitive assessment of the role of anal sphincter exercises and biofeed back therapy in the management of people with faecal incontinence. Larger well-designed trials are needed to enable safe conclusions.
Thirty nine randomised trials were identified for inclusion in the review. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. Confidence intervals were all wide. Using a urinary catheter versus not using one  The data from five trials were heterogeneous but tended to indicate a higher risk of (re)catheterisation if a catheter was not used postoperatively. In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter rather than a suprapubic one was used following surgery (RR 3.66, 95% CI 1.41 to 9.49). Shorter postoperative duration of catheter use versus longer duration  In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggested fewer urinary tract infections (for example 1 versus 3 days) with no pattern in respect to catheterisation. The data gave only an imprecise estimate of any difference in urinary tract infection.  Clamp-and-release policies before catheter removal versus immediate removal of the catheter  In a single small trial, the clamp- and-release group showed a significantly greater incidence of urinary infections and a delay in return to normal voiding and their low quality. Despite reviewing 39 eligible trials, few firm conclusions could be reached because of the multiple comparisons considered, the small size of individual trials, and the small quality of individual comparisons. Whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of morbidity (especially infection) and risks of recatheters.
Ten studies (3340 participants) were included in the review. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies compared an adjunctive treatment to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an add-on treatment (754 participants), and one study compared the two drugs together (347 participants). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. The evidence is current to August 2015. Evidence shows that aripyprazole was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks, but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence). Evidence shows no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the studies at three weeks. Compared with placebo, participants who took aripprazole experienced more movement disorders, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), on the Barnes Akathisia Scale (BAS) and by participant-reported akathisias (high quality evidence), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication (two studies). Aripipazole also led to more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and constipation) and caused more children/adsolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. At the three-week time point, meta-analysis was not possible because of lack of data; however, at 12 weeks, participants taking ariprazole had significantly more movement problems than those taking haloperodol. No statistically significant differences were noted between arioprazole and other drug treatments in the reduction of manic symptoms, or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks. No difference was noted in movement disorders between participants taking lithium and those taking lithium. The quality of the evidence was high for movement disorders and moderate for gastrointestinal disturbances and movement disorders. The overall quality of evidence ranged from moderate to high. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the effectiveness of lock treatments in the treatment of CVC-related infections in children with cancer. We found three studies that compared lock treatments with or without systemic antibiotics. Two studies compared urokinase lock treatment with concomitant systemic antibiotics versus systemic antibiotics alone (n = 56 participants), and one study compared ethanol lock treatment plus systemic antibiotics compared with ethanol lock alone. No RCTs or CCTs were published on antibiotic lock treatment alone. All studies had methodological limitations and clinical heterogeneity between studies was present. Not all studies were included in all analyses. The cohort studies identified no adverse events; some cohort studies reported CVC malfunctioning. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. No significant difference in the number of participants cured was found between the two treatment groups in terms of number of people cured, number of recurrent CVC infections, the number days until the first negative blood culture, the need for CVCs to be prematurely removed, ICU admission and sepsis. No evidence of significant difference between the treatment groups was found in the overall quality of the evidence for the efficacy of lock treatment. The included studies were of poor quality. More well-designed studies are needed to further explore the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. Of these, three were rated low risk of bias. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice to activate: There is moderate quality evidence that an educational video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial for acute whiplash-related pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term but not long-term follow-up. Advice focusing on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics: Very low quality evidence (three trials, 243 participants) favoured other treatment or showed no difference in effectiveness. Self-care strategies: One trial, 58 participants, showed that self-care strategy did not relieve pain for acute to chronic neck pain at short-term. Advice on stress-coping skills: Low quality evidence showed that specific exercise training did not reduce pain or improve function for acute neck pain, but there was no evidence of benefit or difference for other types of neck pain. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results of this review. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions, including advice to activate, advice on stress coping skills, workplace ergonomic skills and self care strategies. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition.
We identified 49 studies and pieces of literature that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The results of the Cochrane review showed that there is insufficient evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations. The thematic synthesis indicates that ideally communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. It also indicates that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm such as discrimination in accessing health care. There is insufficient rigorous evidence to decide whether interventions should be used to inform policy and practice decisions for communicating with people at risk in the absence of rigorous evaluative studies.
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group (using the IRLSSS: MD -7.0; 95% CI -9.69 to -4.31 and the CGI: RR1.11; MD -1.49 to -0.73). The proportion of remitters (removal of the medication) was greater in the group of opioids. Quality of life scores also improved more with opioids than with placebo. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake at the day, or naps during the day. More adverse events were reported with opioids. The major side effects were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence).
Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults with fractures of the distal radius, were included in this review. While all trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation, there was considerable variation especially in terms of patient characteristics and interventions. Methodological weaknesses among these trials included lack of allocation concealment and inadequate outcome assessment. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. External fixation maintained reduced fracture positions (redisplacement requiring secondary treatment: 7/356 versus 51/338 (data from 9 trials); relative risk 0.17, 95% confidence interval 0.09 to 0.32) and prevented late collapse and malunion compared with plaster casts immobilisation. However, external fixation was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor. Probably, some complications could have been avoided using a different surgical technique for pin insertion. Most of the excess complications are minor. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for distal radial fractures in adults.
Five studies (1127 patients) were included in our analysis. Generally the risk of bias of the included studies was judged low or unclear; they addressed the research question and utilised a prospective randomised design. It is uncertain whether early removal of ureteric stents improved the incidence of MUC. The incidence of UTI may be reduced in the early stent removal group (5 studies, 1127 participants). This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was only apparent if a BI stent was used, (3 studies, 539 participants, RR 0.45 95% CI 0.29 to 0.70; I2 = 13%; moderate certainty evidence). However, if an externalised PU stent is used there was no discernible difference in UTI between the early and late group. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking. BI stents are the optimum method for achieving this benefit.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with non-restorative caries treatment. The final study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns (stainless steel with white veneers). One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted with the Hall technique) versus other types of dental treatment. All studies in this comparison used PMCs. One study reported outcomes in the short term and found no reports of major failure or pain in either group. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk of failure was lower in the crowns group in the long term (three studies, one conventional and two using Hall Technique). Similarly, there was moderate-quality evidence that pain was lower for the crown group (two studies, using Hall technique). Discomfort associated with the procedure was lower when crowns were fitted than for fillings (moderate quality evidence). It is uncertain whether there is a clinically important difference between crowns and fillings in terms of gingival bleeding when using crowns rather than fillings. We are therefore uncertain about the estimates. There are no RCTs comparing crowns fitted conventionally versus using the hall technique. No RCT evidence was found that compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the shorter term (less than 12 months) or long term. Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. Crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, are likely to be less likely to fail or have pain when compared to fillings, and may reduce discomfort at the time of treatment compared to filling. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns compared to other dental treatments, and for metal compared with aesthetic crowns, is very low. One split-mouth study (11 participants) compared PMC fitted with a stainless steel veneer versus aesthetic crown. It provided very low quality evidence so no conclusions could be drawn. The evidence quality was very low and we are therefore we are uncertain about our estimates.
We included 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) in this review. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. Most studies reported the number of dropouts and also reported on all planned outcome measures. Forced expiratory volume in one second was the review's primary outcome and the most frequently reported outcome in the studies (24 studies, 716 participants). Single interventions or series of treatments that continued for up to three months demonstrated little or no difference in effect between PEP and other methods of airway clearance on this outcome (low- to moderate-quality evidence). However, long-term studies had equivocal or conflicting results regarding the effect of PEP. There was a lower exacerbation rate in participants using PEP compared to other techniques when used with a mask for at least one year (five studies, 232 participants). In one of the included studies, it was reported (personal communication) that there was no difference between the two groups when PEP was compared to a mask. The results for the remaining outcome measures (including our third primary outcome of mucus clearance) were not examined or reported in sufficient detail to provide any evidence. The evidence provided by this review is of variable quality, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the clinical treatment of people with CF. It is important to note that these techniques should be individualised throughout life according to developmental stages, patient preferences, pulmonary symptoms and lung function. This also applies as conditions vary between baseline and post-treatment. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for most of the outcomes. Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomisation sequence was either generated or concealed. In one study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux, this was more severe in the infants performing PEP group (26 infants). In PEP versus oscillating devices, adverse events were only reported in the flutter group (five participants complained of dizziness, which improved after further instructions on device use was provided) (two of which found no events). There was limited evidence reported on adverse events; these were measured in five studies, two of which did not find no events. However, those in the oscillating group had fewer adverse events related to the lower airways when compared to HFCWOs (high-certainty evidence). Many studies were of low-quality, which means that we cannot be certain of the results. The overall quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes.
Four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe CD met the inclusion criteria and were used in the meta-analyses. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other studies were judged to be at low risk of biased. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission at week 8 (moderate certainty evidence). The raw numbers of participants achieving remission were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the placebo groups, respectively. In raw numbers, clinical response was achieved in 40.2% and 30.9%, respectively, in participants in the CZPs and placebo groups. Serious adverse events included worsening Crohn's disease, infections, and malignancy. In these studies, serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% and 6.2%, respectively. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious side effects differs between CZp and placebo as the 95% CI includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. The quality of the evidence was moderate for clinical remission and clinical response and moderate for serious side events.
The evidence is current to August 2016. We included 112 studies with a total of 23,762 participants. The studies were conducted in the general population, but included people with CKD, and 81 studies included individuals with chronic heart failure, however, data for this subgroup were not provided. Of the 31 studies with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported disaggregated and extractable data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was frequently high or unclear. The effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension, or quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. Treatment with beta-blockers may reduce the risk of death (any cause) (4 studies, 3136 participants: moderate certainty evidence). Effects of anti-arrhythmic agents, digoxin, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, renin inhibitors, sinus node inhibitors, vasodilators, and vasopressin receptor antagonists were very uncertain, as there were few studies and meta-analysis was not possible. We were not able to estimate whether treatment with sinus nodes inhibitors affects the rate of high blood pressure (hypotension), as there was not enough information to be able to draw any conclusions about this outcome. The effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi) on death or hospitalisation for heart failure was uncertain, but treatment estimates were consistent with either benefit or harm. Aldosterone antagonists had uncertain effects on hospitalisation, and aldosterone was associated with a higher risk of low blood pressure compared to placebo or no treatment (3 studies, 826 participants: low certainty evidence), and angiolensin receptor blockers (2 studies, 1368 participants: very uncertain evidence) may decrease hospitalisation compared to no treatment, but there was insufficient information to draw conclusions about the effects of these drugs. We could not estimate the effect of these medications on worsening heart function or kidney dysfunction. The results were not consistent with a benefit or a harm for any of the drugs. The evidence is up to date as of August 2015.
Three studies involving a total of 1945 women were included. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different. The neonatal outcome was not different between groups: Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, umbilical artery pH less than 7.15, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit and more than 48 hours hospitalisation. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no statistically significant difference between groups. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. Given that this review is based on three studies (N = 1945 women) of moderate quality, there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of one form of monitoring over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour.
We included two randomised controlled trials involving 54 participants with CVI. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline (mean difference (MD) 4.88%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.16 to 6.60; 30 participants; P < 0.00001), half venous refilling time (MD 4.20 seconds, 95% CI 3.28 to 5.12; 23 participants) and total venous filling time were observed in people who exercised compared with people who did not exercise. In the second study, there was no difference in quality of life or ankle range of motion. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with chronic leg pain. Future research should consider types of exercise protocols (intensity, frequency and time), sample size and blinding and homogeneity according to severity of disease.
Seventy-six trials with a median quality score of 3 (range 1 to 5) were identified. Forty trials included comparisons of hyaluronan/hylan and placebo (saline or arthrocentesis), ten trials including comparisons of intra-articular (IA) corticosteroids, six trials of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), three trials of physical therapy, two trials of exercise, one trial of arthroscopy, and fifteen trials of other products. Follow-up periods varied between day of last injection and eighteen months. The pooled analyses of the effects of viscosupplements against 'placebo' controls generally supported the efficacy of this class of intervention. Of note is the 5 to 13 week post injection period which showed a percent improvement from baseline of 28 to 54% for pain and 9 to 32% for function. In these same analyses, differential efficacy effects were observed for different products on different variables and at different timepoints. The clinical effect for some products, against placebo, at some timepoints is in the moderate to large effect-size range. It is of note that the magnitude of the clinical effect, as expressed by the WMD and standardised mean difference (SMD) from the RevMan 4.2 output, is different for the different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables and trial designs. Overall, the analyses performed are positive for the HA class of products and particularly positive for certain products with respect to certain variables and timepoints (such as pain on weight bearing). In general, sample-size restrictions preclude any definitive comment on the safety of these products; however, within the constraints of the trial designs employed no major safety issues were detected in these analyses. In some analyses, HA products were comparable in efficacy to systemic forms of active intervention, with more local reactions but fewer systemic adverse events. In other analyses HA products had more prolonged effects than IA corticosterone. In summary, based on the aforementioned analyses, haemodialysis is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient global assessment. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of different viscosuplements and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of different products.
We included 10 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants in this review. Four RCTs (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics. One trial included women who had received uterotonic therapy, and the other did not. Two trials (1787 women) compared 800 mcg sublingual misopropol versus oxytocin infusion as primary PPH treatment; one trial included only women who received uterotonic treatment, and one trial did not, but both trials were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. When used after prophylactic uterotonical treatment, misopostol and oxytocins worked similarly. When given in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg, adjunctive use of misopotropol combined with simultaneous administration of additional hormonal treatments did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal morbidity, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy, or bleeding in the womb. Side effects were associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. One study compared lower segment compression but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. The role of tranexamic acid and compression methods requires further evaluation. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PH unresponsive to hormonal treatment and/or haemostatics. The trials included in the current review were not adequately powered to measure impact on the primary outcome measures. The review suggests that when used as first-line therapy for the treatment of women who fail to respond to hormonal therapy, oxytocine infusion is more effective and causes fewer side effects when used in combination with other hormonal treatments for the prevention of PPH. Compared with misopertol, the role of hormone therapy is not yet fully understood.
Six randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria for this review. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. Five small trials evaluated short-term cysteine supplementation of cystein-free PN in preterm infants (≤ 1000 grams). One large multicenter RCT evaluated N-acetylcysteine supplements in extremely low birth weight infants. The evidence is current to August 2013. The review found that N- acetylcyteine supplementation did not significantly affect the risks of death by 36 postmenstrual weeks, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), death or BPD, retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), severe ROP, necrotizing enterocolitis requiring surgery, periventricular leukomalacia, intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), or severe IVH. Nitrogen retention was significantly increased by cysteines. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of treatment. Available evidence from a large RCT trial does not support routine N/acetylcereine supplementation in very low birthweight infants.
We identified 77 trials including 6287 participants that met the inclusion criteria of this review. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. The trials compared active intervention versus no intervention in which two or more trials reported at least one of the following outcomes: mortality, serious adverse events, and health-related quality of life, the outcomes that determine whether a treatment should be used. There was no evidence of difference in the number of people who died in either group (87 participants; 1 trial; very low quality evidence). None of the participants developed serious side effects in the trial which reported the proportion of people with serious side events (87 people). There were no differences between antioxidants and no intervention (two trials, very low-quality evidence). The trials did not report whether there was a difference between thiazolidinediones or bile acids (three trials), or whether there were any side effects between the two groups (194 people; 2 trials; very-low quality evidence) in the two trials that reported the percentage of people having serious side problems (194 participants; 2-very-low-quality-evidence). There was also no evidence that there was any difference between the groups in terms of number of side effects (four trials) in relation to the quality of the evidence (very low quality-evidence) for the outcomes of death at maximal follow up, number of serious side-effects, or the number and severity of side-effect severity. None of these outcomes were reported in any of the trials. We found no evidence to support the use of pharmacological treatments for people with NAFLD, including those with NASH. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of these treatments. The quality of evidence was very low. Only one trial was at low risk of bias in all domains. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials either did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. The evidence is current to January 2015.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1282 participants with mild to moderate cognitive impairment (MCI) at baseline. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. The accuracy of the CSF t-tau was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). At the median sensitivity of 72%, the estimated sensitivity was 75% (95% CI 67 to 85), the positive likelihood ratio was 2.72, and the negative likelihood ratio were 0.32. The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values ranged between 48% to 88%. The sensitivity and specificity values were between 22% and 86%. At the average specificity of 47.5%, the sensitivity was 81% and the specificity was 81%, and at the median specificity of 81%, the positive and negative likelihood ratios were 1.55 and 0.39, respectively. Six studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases) evaluated the accuracy of CSF p-t Tau. The sensitivities were between 40% and 100% and between 80% and 96%, and the specificities were between 33% and 95%. Five studies (140 cases and 293 non-case participants) assessed the accuracy and specificity of the cTau/ABeta ratio. Only one study reported the accuracy. We could not combine the results of these two tests because of the small number of studies and the small sample size of the included studies. We were not able to formally assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small numbers of studies available to be included in this review. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, index test methodology and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). The quality of the studies was poor. A significant number of these studies had unclear risk of bias for the reference standard, participant selection and flow and timing domains. According to the assessment of index test domain, eight of 15 studies were of poor methodological quality. Our findings are based on studies with poor reporting. These tests, like other biomarker tests which have been subject to Cochrane DTA reviews, appear to have better sensitivity than specificity and therefore might have greater utility in ruling out Alzheimer's disease as the aetiology to the individual's evident cognitive impairment, as opposed to ruling it in. However, these tests may have limited clinical value until uncertainties have been addressed. Particular attention should be paid to the risk of misdiagnosis and overdiagnosis of dementia (and therefore over-treatment) in clinical practice. The inclusion of these CSF biomarkers for ‘other dementias’ had not been investigated in the included primary studies. The heterogeneity observed in the few studies awaiting classification suggests our initial summary will remain valid. The insufficiency and heterogeneity of research to date primarily leads to a state of uncertainty regarding the value of these tests.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (RALRP). The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found evidence showing no clinically meaningful differences in postoperative pain between the two types of anaesthetics (mean difference (MD) in visual analogue scale (VAS) scores at one to six hours was -2.20 (95% confidence interval (CI) -10.62 to 6.22; P = 0.61) in a sample of 62 participants from one study. Low-quality evidence suggests that propofol reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) after RALRP compared with inhalational anaesthesia (sevoflurane, desflurane) (MD -1.70, 95% CI-2.59 to -0.81). However, it is unclear whether this surrogate outcome translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostatestomy.
We included seven new observational studies in this update, bringing the total number to 14, including 5 cohort and 9 case-control studies, with 1,601,515 study subjects. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. These outcomes included: mode of delivery; congenital abnormalities, including orofacial cleft or cleft palate and hypospadias (where the urethral opening is on the underside of the penis) (low quality evidence; and odds ratio (OR) 1.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.95 to 1.15, 1 cohort study, n = 9904, low quality evidence); low birth weight; preterm delivery; foetal death; and low Apgar score. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of death of the baby, but we did not observe this effect when potent to very potent topical steroids were given during pregnancy. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated that there was an increased risk of birth weight in women who received potent or very potent steroid injections during pregnancy, but there were no differences between the two subgroups (P = 0.04). We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) Working Group approach to rate the overall quality of the evidence. Data from observational studies started at low quality. We further downgraded the evidence because of imprecision in the estimate of effect for those outcomes. We conducted stratified analyses of mild or moderate potency, and potent (or very potent) topical steroids, but did not find any causal associations. This update adds more evidence showing more evidence that there is no causal association between topical steroid use of all potencies and pregnancy outcome.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared topical corticosteroids with no topical cortics. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical steroid and without topical steroid, and had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. All trials reported data on visual acuity ranging from three weeks to three years, and none of them found any important difference between the steroid group and the control group. The trial of the SCUT reported that time to re-epithelialization was 53% slower than the placebo group after adjusting for baseline epithelial defect size. However, the trial did not find any important differences between the two treatment groups. For adverse events, the three small trials found no important difference in adverse events. One trial reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference in the two groups (data not available). We did not found any reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the four trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four included trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review. There is inadequate evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of adjunctive topical steroid treatment compared with no steroid treatment in improving visual acity, infiltrate/scar size, or adverse events among participants with bacterial ker atresia. Current evidence does not support a strong effect of steroid treatment, but may be due to insufficient power to detect a treatment effect.
We included four trials with 450 participants. Data on functional outcome and death at end of follow-up were available for 443 participants from three trials. Compared with intravenous thrombolytic therapy, percutaneous vascular intervention did not improve the proportion of participants with good functional outcome (modified Rankin Scale score 0 to 2, risk ratio (RR) 1.01, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.82 to 1.25, P = 0.92). The quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). There was no difference between the intervention and control groups in the number of participants who died. There was also no difference in the percentage of participants having symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages (blood clots in the brain). Data on vascular status (recanalisation rate) were only available for seven participants from one trial; we considered this inadequate for statistical analyses. We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) to support the use of percutaneously vascular interventions for the treatment of ischaemic stroke. Quality of evidence from RCTs was low because the participants were blinded to the treatment and the outcome assessment was not blinded.
We included one randomised controlled trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. No evidence suggested that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.34, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.01 to 0.69, 127 participants, 1 study, very low-quality evidence). No other measures of child intellectual or psychosocial development were reported in the included study. Moreover, there was no evidence to support or refute the idea that day care improves or worsened employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one trial that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. Some trials included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect. The need for such studies is significant.
In this review, we assessed the validity of 30 different histologic scoring indices. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. Three of the indices underwent content validation. Six of the included scoring indices explored content validity. Intra-rater reliability was assessed for eight of the 11 scoring indices and for all 11 of the scoring indices, the reliability of the individual scoring indices was assessed. Two of the evaluated scoring indices were tested for responsiveness. However, none of the currently available histologic scores have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is required. The optimal index would need to be fully validated before it can be used.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated intramedullary nailing versus plating in 213 participants of whom 112 were male. The mean age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. Overall, the quality of available evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes. Although the pooled results of three different measures of foot and ankle function indicated a small difference in favour of nailing (standard mean difference 0.28, 95% CI -0.02 to 0.59), the results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing, but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have a re-operation after nailing. Similarly pooled data for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured plating but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no important difference in pain between the two groups. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain between nailing and plating, and did not confirm a difference in the risk of complications between plate fixation and plate fixation. There is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of surgery or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults. Further trials are warranted on other issues, but should be preceded by research to identify priority questions.
We included 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLD for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 studies; moderate-quality evidence). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for recurrent and major vascular event 0.80 and 0.58, respectively, and for dementia 0.88, respectively. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to high. Current evidence is primarily derived from trials studying an ACE inhibitor or an ACE steroid. No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal blood pressure target after stroke or TIA.
Five hundred nineteen men from four randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials, (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) were included in this review. Three trials used non-glucosidic B-sitosterols and one used a preparation that contained 100% B-Sitosteryl-B-D-Glucoside. The evidence is current to August 2013. B- sitosterols improved urinary symptom scores and urinary flow measures. The weighted mean difference (WMD) for the IPSS was -4.9 IPSS points (95% CI = -6.3 to -3.5, n = 2 studies). The WMD for peak urine flow was 3.91 mL/s and the WMD of residual volume was -28.62 mL. The trial using 100% bicarbonate of citric acid (WA184) showed improvement in urinary flow and urinary symptoms, but did not significantly reduce prostate size compared to placebo. Withdrawal rates for men assigned to B-shetosterol and placebo were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively. Their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. We combined individual patient data from the two largest studies (SNS: 25,180 and SMART: 26,355), as all the asthma-related deaths in adults occurred in these studies. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events when the two drugs were compared with each other. However, there was an increase in the risk of death from any cause (all-cause mortality) in patients treated with the drug, compared to placebo, but the increase was not significant (Peto odds ratio (OR) 1.33 (95% CI 0.85 to 2.08)). There is also a clear increase in risk of mortality in patients not using inhaled corticosteroids in the two large surveillance studies. The confidence interval for patients who were taking inhaled steroids is wide and cannot rule in or out an increase of asthma mortality in the presence of an inhaled steroid. Although the increase in deaths was smaller in patients taking inhalers at baseline, the confidence interval is wide, so we cannot conclude that the inhalers abolish the risks of the drug. In comparison with placebo, we have found an increased risk of serious side effects. One extra serious side effect occurred over 28 weeks for every 188 people treated with regular Salmeterol compared with placebo. There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. The adverse effects in children remain uncertain due to the small number of children studied.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence that thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants. No significant effects were found in use of mechanical ventilation, duration of ventilation, air leak, CLD at 28 days in survivors, patent ductus arteriosus, intraventricular haemorrhage or necrotising enterocolitis. Neurodevelopment was not reported. Both studies had methodological concerns including quasi-random methods of patient allocation, no blinding of treatment or measurement and substantial post allocation losses.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants. Eight RCTs had a low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. All trials had a high risk of a bias in their assessment of the remaining outcomes. We found evidence that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The evidence is current to February 2019. The results of the meta-analysis showed that the use of non-abdominal disacCharides may help to reduce the risk of death from any cause. We were able to combine the results when we combined the results from all trials, but not when including only trials with a low quality of evidence or when we reduced the quality of the evidence to 22%. We also found that the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy was associated with beneficial effects on liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding. We confirmed the results in Trial Sequential Analysis. The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect of the treatment on quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-Analysis (very low quality evidence). We found no differences between lactulose and lactitol for the remaining outcome. Non-abstinence was associated by the trials with non-serious (mainly gastrointestinal) adverse events. None of the trials comparing lactuloside with lactitol evaluated quality of lives. The quality of this evidence is very low.
The evidence is current to January 2019. We included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) in this review. The studies included bisphosphonates, vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin. Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss. A single study reported outcomes among 60 children and adolescents. Median duration of follow-up was 12 months. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density or bone-related biomarkers, with more recent studies evaluating proteinuria and hyperparathyroidism. Most studies were conducted in children and young adolescents. The effects of bone treatment for children after kidney transplantation are very uncertain. It is uncertain whether interventions for bone disease in kidney transplantations reduce all-cause or cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke, and graft loss in very low certainty evidence. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (low certainty evidence). It was very uncertain whether vitamin D treatments had any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death, or transplant function outcomes (very low certainty or absence of evidence). Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of low certainty. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for fracture, bone pain, and other skeletal complications after kidney transplants, including spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis. The risk of bias was generally high or unclear leading to lower certainty in the results. Evidence for children and children was sparse.
Four trials involving 317 people met the inclusion criteria for this review. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 ml/day, and one trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. There were no significant differences in strength in the magnesium group (SMD 0.04; 95% CI -0.22 to 0.30). No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Without antibiotics, 46% of participants with acute rhinosinusitis, whether or not confirmed by radiography, were cured after 1 week and 64% after 14 days. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment: clinical diagnosis and diagnosis confirmed by imaging (moderate-quality evidence). Cure rates with antibiotics were higher when a fluid level or total opacification in any sinus was found on computed tomography. Purulent secretion resolved faster with antibiotics. However, 13 more people experienced side effects with antibiotics compared to placebo and no treatment. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials. Considering antibiotic resistance, and the very low incidence of serious complications, we conclude there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhinoinusitis.
Eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) met the inclusion criteria for this review. Three RCTs (all performed in Asian countries) compared D3 with D2 lymphadenectomy: data suggested no significant difference in OS between these two types of lymph node dissection. Data for DFS were available only from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Five trials (n = 3 European; n = 2 Asian) compared a D2 to a D1, and DFS (n=3; HR 0.95, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.07) findings suggested no difference between the two types. In contrast, D2 was associated with a significantly better DSS compared to D1; however, the quality of the body of evidence being moderate, the increased incidence of postoperative mortality reduces its therapeutic benefit.
Thirteen studies, involving a total of 1158 participants, met the criteria for inclusion in this review. Results come from single studies. The findings of this review suggest that naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. The only outcome that was statistically significant was re incarceration, but results come only from two studies. Considering only studies were patients were forced to adherence a statistical significant difference was found for retention and abstinence, in the two considered outcomes, in a single study considered. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low (28%). The conclusion of the review is that the studies conducted so far have not allowed an adequate evaluation of the efficacy and safety of this treatment for opioid dependence in the field of opioid dependence. Consequently, maintenance therapy cannot yet be considered to be a treatment which has been scientifically proved to be superior to other kinds of treatment. If the results are compared with other pharmacological treatments such as benzodiazepines and buprenorphine, no statistically significant difference is found.
We included two studies that examined the effects of changing the consistency of fluids for swallowing difficulties in people with dementia. Both were part of the same large multicentre study and included 351 participants with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants using videofluoroscopy. Regular liquids with a chin down head posture, as well as regular liquids without any intervention were also compared. The second study compared the effect of thickening fluids with honey thick liquids over a three-month period in a subgroup of 260 participants. Participation in the second trial was determined by results from the first trial. Outcomes were pneumonia and adverse intervention effects. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration during videofluorsoscopy, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in a second follow-up study. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifications to fluids in dementia as too few studies have been completed. Further high-quality clinical trials are required. Clinicians should be aware that while thickened fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the long term impact on the health of the person with dementia should be considered.
Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women were included. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using standard IVF, the chance using natural cycle IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was no evidence of a statistically significant difference in live birth rates between the two groups. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was significantly lower in the natural cycle group (MD -4.40, 95% CI -7.87 to -0.93, 60 women, very low quality evidence). The evidence was limited by imprecision. Findings for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation were sensitive to the choice of statistical model: for these outcomes, use of a fixed effect model suggested a benefit for the standard group. There was insufficient data on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth, treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. All included studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Three studies used allocation concealment, six reported blinded outcome assessors and three studies adopted an intention-to-treat approach to statistical analysis. Analysis was split into three comparisons: (1) Tai Chi versus usual care; (2)Tai Chi and breathing exercise versus breathing exercise alone; and (3) Taichi and exercise versus exercise alone. Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres, 95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52 to 48.77 metres; participants = 318; I2 = 59%) and better pulmonary function in post-programme data. When Tai Chi in addition to other interventions was compared with other interventions alone, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptoms nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement in people with COPD. No adverse events were reported, implying that Tai Chi is safe to practise. However, the effects of Tai Chi on reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. Quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. Evidence of very low quality suggests better functional capacity and pulmonary function for Tai Chi when compared with usual care. When comparing Tai Chi plus breathing exercise or exercise versus other interventions shows no superiority and no additional effect on symptom improvement nor on psychological and physical and social outcomes with Tai Chi. Data are currently insufficient for evaluating the impact on maximal exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength. Hence, future studies are warranted to address these topics. With the diverse style and number of forms being adopted in different studies, the most beneficial protocol of the Tai Chi style could not be commented upon.
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. Study sample sizes were generally small and interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. Control groups usually received no intervention or therapy based on a standard-care approach. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups (SMD 0.49, 0.21 to 0.77, 10 studies, 210 participants, low-quality evidence). Secondary outcomes: there were no statistically significant effects for gait speed or balance. Results were statistically significant for the activities of daily living (ADL) outcome, however, we were unable to pool results for cognitive function, participation restriction, or quality of life. Twenty-three studies reported that they monitored for adverse events; across these studies there were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs; however, these findings were not statistically significant. This review found that time since onset of stroke, severity of impairment, and the type of device (commercial or customised) were not strong influencers of outcome. Virtual reality may be beneficial when used as an adjunct to usual therapy (to increase overall therapy time). There was insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effect of these interventions on the ability to walk, balance, and participation, or on the effects of the interventions on cognitive function and participation restriction.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1330 participants. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Fluoroquinolones added to standard regimens A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line regimen. Relapse and treatment failure were not reported. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 participants, very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). We do not know if there was an effect for death or relapse at eight weeks, or serious adverse events (three trials, 723 participants), or for serious side effects such as nausea, vomiting, and diarrhoea (low quality evidence) for all outcomes. For relapse, we are unsure if there are any side effects. No trials reported on treatment failure and relapse. Fluorquinolines in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens (four months or less duration) with fluoroxacins. The evidence is current to February 2019. Ofloxacines added to first line treatment for drug-sensitive TB Three trials (723 participants) substituted ethambutol with moxifloxain, gatifloxinacin, and ofloxazid into the standard treatment regimen. Treatment failure was not reported in any of the trials. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether addition or substitution of fluoroquinoleones for ethamutol or isoniazid in the standard regimen reduces death, or relapse, or increases culture conversion (sputum culture conversion) for eight weeks. We are uncertain about the effect of the substitution on death, recurrence of TB, or relapses, or side effects for all of the three outcomes. One trial (433 participants) substitute moxionol for isoniaZid in standard treatment, but there was not enough evidence to know if the substitution had an effect on death and relapse for any of these outcomes. The substitution may have little or no difference in the number of people who died or relapsed, or on the rate of side effects, for death and recurrence. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low because of the small number of trials and small numbers of participants.
