This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that education aimed at children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department presentation and hospital admission. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function.
We found 130 studies with 8341 participants. We found that giving ketamine to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls reduced the number of opioids consumed by participants given placebo by an average of 8 mg morphine equivalent (moderate-quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced by 8 mg opioid equivalent, compared with placebo. Pain was also reduced by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a measure of pain during movement). Pain was reduced at 24 hours and 48 hours, and by a mean of 14% (14% lower from 37 mm) at 24 days and 48 days. Pain at rest was decreased by 5.5 mm (15% from 19% with placebo). Pain at 24 to 48 days after surgery were reduced by 6.6 mm (16% from 17 mm) and by 14% from 20% (16%) at 48 hours (16%). Pain was improved at 24 and 48 weeks after surgery. Pain after surgery was also improved by 5 cm² (20% from 26 to 19 cm² with placebo) and reduced pain during 24 days (14%) and at 48 days (16%. Pain was no different when nitrous oxide was used. There was no difference in pain at rest or on movement, operation type, and timing of administration, or sensitivity to study size and pain intensity. The quality of the evidence was high for pain relief, pain relief during movement, pain during surgery, and pain relief after surgery, but we found no difference between the two treatment groups. Pain relief was improved in all studies, and no side effects occurred in all participants receiving ketamine and those receiving placebo. Side effects of ketamine were reported in 52 studies, while 53 studies reported of absence of CNS side effects, thyroid surgery, elective caesarean section, and laparoscopic surgery. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) of 5% of participants given ketamine experienced an adverse event (RR 1.2, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.4) and 122/2924 (4%) of 4% of those receiving control treatment experienced a side effect (RR 2 to 5 µg/kg/minute). We found no differences in pain relief or pain relief between the treatment groups, or severity of pain after surgery (RR 0.25 mg to 1 mg, and RR 1.5 µg to 5 mg/kg perminute). There were no differences between treatment groups in terms of side effects. We downgraded the quality of evidence because of small-study effects or because there were only a small number of participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses.
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 children aged five to nine years. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype MSP2 (the variant included in the vaccine) were reduced (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.57; 719 participants) while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not (720 participants). In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged between five and nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but MSP andRESA significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine).
This review of four studies, involving 125 participants, found that electromagnetic field stimulation may offer some benefit in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of long bone fractures, but it is inconclusive and insufficient to inform current practice. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
This review found 12 trials with a total of 1831 women who were randomised to drain (915 participants) or no drain (916 participants) after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. The average age of participants in the trials ranged from 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. There was no significant difference between the drain group (7/567) and the 'no drain' group (3/576) in the proportion of patients who developed serious adverse events in the seven trials with 1143 women reporting on this outcome or in the number of serious side effects in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 women (12/646) (0.5 events per 100 women). There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the two groups (five trials involving 449 women). The operating time was significantly longer in the drain groups than the no drain groups (seven trials involving 775 women). One trial involving 68 women reported no difference in quality of life and return to normal activity or return to work between the groups in one trial involving 100 women (0/33). The number of patients discharged from the hospital as day-procedure patients who were discharged from hospital was significantly lower in patients receiving drain than patients receiving no drain. The length of time spent in the hospital was also significantly shorter in patients undergoing drain. One trial included patients undergoing elective and emergency surgery for acute gallbladderectomy for acute choleicystitis exclusively, and one trial did not provide this information, and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after surgery for patients undergoing surgery on the abdomen.
This review found 39 randomised trials involving 3639 participants. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials. Two trials reported adverse events: adverse events occurred in the control group in one trial, and in the other it was unclear in which group the adverse effects occurred. 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored adverse events. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy is made with caution.
This review found five randomized studies involving 1382 patients. All the studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small numbers of patients, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. One trial (N = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS (two events) and CAS (five events), with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the IAS group. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%).
We found 12 trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised women to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial randomised to the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were likely to be higher for women in the Nova T group. However, at six months after abortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion compared to delayed insertion. Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of an IUD immediately after abortion is safe and practical.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. Meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematologically-diseased patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care control group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group, whose levels of depression remained constant. The influence of meditation practice on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events remained unclear, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella, compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients who developed the disease, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 people undergoing surgery to remove the surgical wound. The trials compared one antibiotic regimen with placebo or no antibiotic regimen in people without malignant disease undergoing percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy insertion, although this may be due to decreasing overall infection. There were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or administering prophylactic antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit in terms of reducing MRSA infections. Well designed trials assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotic regimens are necessary on this topic.
We found two trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious maternal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients (mean difference -9.60, 95% confidence interval -14.59 to -4.61) and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. However, results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure. However, it is important to note that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical.
We found 11 randomised trials with a total of 821 participants, two trials awaiting classification and one ongoing trial. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. No studies reported cardiovascular events. The review found that green tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but due to the small number of trials contributing to each analysis the results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed.
This review found two small trials recruiting 23 participants. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering.
We found 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion in this review, with the majority carried out in participants with breast cancer (28 studies). A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 control participants. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be statistically more effective than the control intervention (standardised mean difference (SMD) -0.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) - 0.37 to 0.17). Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for interventions delivered during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. In relation to diagnosis, we identified benefits of exercise for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with haematological malignancies. Finally, aerobic exercise significantly reduced fatigue but resistance training and alternative forms of exercise failed to reach significance.
We found five trials with 3427 people with early unfavourable and advanced stage HL benefit regarding survival and progression-free survival. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were co-ordinated in Germany, the HD2000 and GSM-HD trials were performed in Italy and the EORTC 20012 was conducted in Belgium. All trials reported results for overall survival (OS) and progression free survival (PFS). In contrast to our first published review (2011), the addition of results from the ERATC 200 12 trial (20012 patients) showed that the escalation of the treatment resulted in an increased survival of 3142 patients (3142 participants). This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the BEACOPP escalated arm compared to 120 patients (120 to 120) in the ABVD arm. However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours, which would not be observed until around 15 years after treatment. There is no evidence for a difference between treatment-related mortality (2700 patients) between the two regimens. There was no difference between the regimens for overall secondary malignancies (infection, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia (blood clots), infections, or recurrences. There were no differences between the treatment groups in terms of quality of life (quality of life) or survival-related survival (time to relapse, relapse or death). However, there was only one trial (EORTCF 20012) planned to assess the effects of treatment on survival, however, no results were reported. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (very low-quality evidence). This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 1835 patients with cancer. All trials were conducted in high-income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients. We found moderate quality evidence that multidisciplinary interventions enhance the RTW of patients with breast and prostate cancer. However, we found no difference in the effect of psycho-educational interventions compared to care as usual on quality of life. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. The quality of the evidence for the effects of a medical intervention on RTW was rated as low to moderate quality. We judged six trials to have a high risk of bias and nine trials to be of low quality.
We found four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interests. We found no evidence of benefit for the use of the admission CTG for low-risk women on admission to labour. There was no clear difference in the average treatment effect between women who received admission to auscultation in instrumental vaginal birth and perinatal mortality. There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcome measures such as incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (incidence only reported) and incidence of seizures in the neonatal period. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel.
We found 32 studies involving a total of 3666 women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to combine any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of the evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium.
This review found no randomised trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 randomised participants, with the one new study contributing an additional 113 participants. There was a significant reduction in reports of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention: random-effects relative risk = 0.70 (95% CI 0.53 to 0.92). This was maintained from three to nine months after the intervention. This was associated with reduced chest pain frequency, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on severity of the chest pain. The evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework (CBA) framework, which was largely restricted to the first few months after treatment. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further trials of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed.
We found 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. We found that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy.
This review found two studies with a total of 1505 Indigenous youth in total. The two studies used multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). One study assessed weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up. No difference was found between the skills-community arm and the control group at 42 weeks. However, the second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test (p < 0.05). However, this was not maintained at six month follow up (change score -0.11 for intervention and 0.07 for control). Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
This review found only one trial involving 72 pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. No maternal mortality occurred in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. Very low-quality evidence indicated no clear differences in maternal mortality, perinatal mortality or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events); congestive cardiac failure (severe cardiac failure), acute chest syndrome (severe chest syndrome) (a complication of the baby) and haemolytic disease of the newborn, were not reported by the trial. The quality of evidence for this review was very low.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. There is no evidence that a radiofrequency dissecting sealer may be associated with more adverse events than with the clamp-crush method. Low-quality evidence also suggests that the proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion is higher with low central venous pressure than with acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central veinous pressure; blood transfused quantity (red blood cells) was lower in the fibrin sealant group than in the control group. Blood transfusion quantity (fresh frozen plasma) was higher with oxidised cellulose; and blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time were lower with fibrins sealant than with control. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. However, the paucity of data decreases the confidence in the results of the network meta-analysis.
This review has shown that the ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine trials evaluating five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to 10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with a blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. We found no clinically meaningful blood pressure-lowering differences between different drugs within this class. We graded the quality of evidence for both systolic and diastolic blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We found 58 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants). There were considerable differences in the location (subdiaphragmatic, gallbladder bed, or both locations) and timing (before or after the removal of gallbladders) between the trials. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported mortality (0/236 (0%) in the control group). One participant experienced the outcome of serious morbidity (eight trials, 446 participants). One trial with 30 participants was at high risk of bias (very low quality evidence). Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The duration of hospital stay was 0.04 days (five trials, 335 participants). The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the local anesthetic group at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours (29 trials, 1787 participants). However, the clinical importance of this reduction in pain is unknown and likely to be small. There is very low quality of evidence that it reduces pain in low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. However, there is a need for further randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic and random errors are necessary.
We found 74 studies with a total of 1000 patients with P. falciparum malaria. The sensitivity and specificity of all RDTs is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated malaria. We found that HRP-2 antibody-based tests (such as the Type 1 tests) tended to be more sensitive than pLDH antibody tests, but the differences are small. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be 34 with the type 1 tests, and nine with the Type 4 tests. Overall, the number of cases of malaria malaria malaria will miss 16 cases, and Type 4 and Type 5 tests will miss 26 cases.
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and tested the effects of altering the length of consultation time. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future.
This review found three small trials that evaluated virologic efficacy and safety of high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries, participants were ART experienced and all had sustained virologics suppression at baseline. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. The studies were at a high risk of bias. There was no significant difference between the high dose and low dose of staudine in the number of patients who developed virological suppression at the start of treatment. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in a high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 study; RR 0.21 (95% CI: 0.01 to 4.66), in no participants in the McComsey 2008 trial and not reported on in the Sanchez-Conde 2005 trial. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride levels in two studies and body mass index (BMI) in one study. It was not possible to perform a meta-analysis on these trails. The trials did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events.
We found 10 trials with 1658 participants. We found that a ventilation strategy that included recruitment manoeuvres in participants with ARDS reduced the number of deaths in the intensive care unit (ICU) without increasing the risk of barotrauma, but had no effect on 28-day and hospital mortality. The quality of the evidence was rated as low to moderate.
This review found 15 studies, involving 687 adults, that assessed the effects of relaxation therapy in asthma. The quality of the studies was poor and sample sizes were frequently small. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy (OR 4.47, CI 1.22 to 16.44). Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire, showed a positive effect following CBT (WMD 0.71, CI 0.23 to 1.19). There was no significant difference in FEV1 for relaxation therapy. However, some pooled effects were analysed. The review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to the absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effect of these techniques in asthma in adults.
We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall (of which 5365 in the arms of interest (antidepressant and benzodiazepines as monotherapy) were included in this review; however, since studies addressed many different comparisons, only a few trials provided data for primary outcomes. We found low-quality evidence that there was no difference in response rate between the two drugs in terms of the number of people who responded to treatment. We also found some evidence that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs (when looking at side effects). However, the quality of the evidence was limited by the small number of patients in the studies and the fact that most of the studies were small.
This review found 29 trials, involving over 1,700 patients with pancreatic carcinoma, that compared metal stents to polyethylene stents or surgery. The review found that the use of a metal stent was associated with a reduced risk of complications, but with a higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. There was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality by meta-analysis.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four RCTs compared ultrasound with palpation, and one compared ultrasound to Doppler auditory assistance. We found moderate-quality evidence that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared to palpation. We also found improved success rates within two attempts. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events.
We found one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) involving 80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009 and three ITS studies (general population studies in Canadian provinces conducted in 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less in the general population (mean difference (MD) -0.65 drinks; 95% CI -1.2, 0.7; p value = 0.03, very-low-quality evidence) compared with men who were exposed to commercials with a neutral content. The results from the ITS studies were inconsistent. No adverse effects were reported in any of the studies. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects occurred. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to a serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population and serious level of imprecision.
The review of trials found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). There is conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important long-term outcomes.
We found one small trial (with 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no treatment for chorioamnionitis. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding. The trial did not report on this review’s other primary primary primary outcomes of interest, the incidence of endometritis, neonatal infection, and caesarean section. We found no trials that used transabdominal amniotic fluid. We did not find any trials on the use of transcervival fluid outside of clinical trials. There was no clear difference in the duration of maternal antibiotic treatment between the two treatment groups. The study did not provide any information about how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. The rate of caesarian section was the same in both groups, but this outcome was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The quality of the evidence was rated as low or low, mainly due to the small number of women in the trial and the inconsistency of the reporting.
This review found three studies with a total of 1620 participants. The sensitivity of the Mini-Cog varied from 0.99, 0.76 and 0.83. There was a difference between the studies which prevented a pooled meta-analysis of the results. There were no studies assessing the diagnostic test accuracy in community settings. Further well-designed studies are required in order to determine the accuracy and utility of this test.
We found 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design.
This review includes 10 studies with 811 participants. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. There was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition (low quality evidence). Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect on pain relief in chronic pain is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic pain conditions needs further investigation.
This review found 41 studies involving 48,000 patients. Twenty-seven studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), 12 were CBAs, and two were ITS. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine studies they targeted at the organisation of care, and 20 studies targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. The addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes. Organisational interventions that improve regular recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management.
This review found five trials with a total of 1503 women. The trials compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day; LNG-IUS 12 µg versus LNGIUS 16 µg; and LNG 20 versus the copper T380A implantable device (IUD). In the trials comparing two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group assigned to the 20. In three trials that examined different LNGs, continuation was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. In another study, continuation of the LNG was similar for the COC. Different doses of LNG did not appear to influence efficacy over three years.
This review of trials found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications and improves bronchial hyper-reactivity. There was a significant improvement in asthma symptom scores (standardised mean difference -0.59, 95% confidence interval -0 to 0.35) and it would have been necessary to treat three patients (95% CI 3 to 5) with immunotherapy to avoid one deterioration in asthma symptoms. Overall, there was no consistent effect on lung function. One trial found that the size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled steroids. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered.
This review found six trials involving 1297 patients. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 0.88); hospital mortality was reduced with an RR of 1.80 (95%. CI 0.43 to 1.45). The effects on long-term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded. One trial had an unclear risk of bias.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials with 1833 participants. We found that the intravenous technique is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. However, we found no differences in the risk of shivering or pain between the two techniques.
This review found four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. There was no convincing evidence that lowering blood pressure in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in high blood pressure patients. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the total number of placebo patients who received active treatment.
We found 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in in-stent re-stenosis is unclear. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the majority of articles due to a lack of reported data; however, the authors determined that this would be unlikely to impact negatively as most data outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). There was no evidence of an increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period (RR 1.27; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.83 to 1.33) in those receiving PICRA with adjunctive balloon angioplasty (PTCA) compared to patients receiving PTCA alone. In complex lesions, there were no statistically significant differences in re-steenosis rates at six months and at one year. PTCRA was associated with nine times the chance of an angiographically detectable vascular spasm (RR 9.23, 95% CI 4.61 to 18.47) and four times the risk for a perforation (RR 4.28, 0.92 to 19.83) and about twice the chances of a transient vessel occlusion (RR 2.49, 2.25 to 4.99) while angiographic dissections and stents used as a bailout procedure (RR 0.29, 5.09 to 0.87) were less common. There is limited published evidence and no long-term data to support the routine use of PARA in the treatment of patients with re-stents.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 333 children aged 24 months of age hospitalised with acute bronchiolitis. All trials used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as a daily or a twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included the use of salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste. In one trial, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis. Two of these patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after treatment. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or intensive care unit (ICU) admission. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants, 116 undergoing the percutaneous technique and 65 treated by cut-down femoral artery access. We found no difference in mortality between groups, with only one mortality occurring overall, in the totally or partially or partially removed femal artery access group (moderate-quality evidence). No wound infections occurred in either group. There was no difference between the two groups in major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications, or in bleeding complications and haematoma. The length of time spent in the intensive treatment unit (intensive treatment unit) and hospital stay was not different between groups. Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study, we observed only one failure of aneurysism exclusion in the surgical cut to down femoral arteries access group. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was associated with a higher number of women dropping out of the trial and a higher rate of discontinuation from the trial. However, discontinuation rates at 12 months were higher with the sponge. Allergic-type reactions were more common, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine compared with placebo, and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL compared to placebo. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenidate and modafinil arms; few adverse events were reported. The second study combined treatment arms and found improvements across all cognitive tests, however, a number of side effects were reported in both treatment groups. The third study did not find an improvement in the primary cognitive outcome of overall performance, but did find improvement in an individual test of memory, when treated with placebo. Side effects were not reported. There is no strong evidence to support any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or ameloioration of cognitive disorders.
This review found two studies that assessed the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. Both studies were at high risk of bias, reporting data from 26 analysed participants. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the estimates were imprecise: a difference in mean change in pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another. No studies reported on quality of life or adverse events. The overall quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the trials and the imprecision of the results.
We found two trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no difference between using combined oestrogen and progestogen and using placebo for all our proposed primary outcomes, including miscarriage, miscarriage, perinatal death and preterm birth (less than 34 weeks of gestation) (RR 0.91, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 1.04). However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological problems such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. There was no difference in the number of miscarriages between the oestrogens and progesterone group and the no treatment group. The study did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal deaths or rates of preterm births), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. Similarly, there were no differences in the rate of miscarriage between women receiving the combined ovary and proggestogen group versus placebo for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the woman, cancer in the reproductive system in the mother, cancer other than breast tissue in the baby, or cancer in other parts of the woman's reproductive system. However, for the outcome of cancer in mothers, there was no significant difference between groups.
This review found 14 studies (16 comparisons) with extractable data, of which ten studies examined TCAs, two examined SSRIs and two included both classes, all compared with placebo. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks.
This review found no new studies since the last version of this review. Ibuprofen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. Adverse effects were mostly mild and transient, occurring at the same rate as with placebo.
We found 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye). The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. However, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison (175 participants). All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no difference between the groups. We found that OTC tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. This conclusion could be greatly skewed by the inconsistencies in study designs and inconsistencies in reporting trial results. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis.
This review found one randomised trial in 136 patients and two observational studies (both of low quality) showed no difference in virological suppression whether or not lamivudine is maintained in a second-line regimen. Two other observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of patients with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamivUDine (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to patients on a 3TC/FTC-sparing regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-line failure on non-thymidine analog combinations.
We found 133 studies involving 844,206 adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities. We found a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of 32 combinations. The review found that the upper lip bite test for diagnosing difficult laryngoscopy provided the highest sensitivity compared to the other tests, and the modified Mallampati test provided the most favourable diagnostic test accuracy properties. For difficult face mask ventilation and difficult tracheal intubation, we judged the risk of bias to be variable for the different domains; we mostly observed low risks of bias for patient selection, flow and timing, and uncertainty for the reference standard and index test. In contrast, specificities were consistently and markedly higher than sensitivities across all tests. The standard bedside airway examination tests should be interpreted with caution, as they do not appear to be good screening tests. Given the paucity of available data, future research is needed to develop tests with high sensitivities to make them useful.
This review of trials found that probiotics have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration of diarrhoea and reducing stool frequency in infants and young children. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants). This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium term (between six and 12 months) effects of the intervention versus standard care. The study found that ndotherapy enhanced standard care was favoured over standard care for social functioning in both the short term (n = 50, 1 RCT, MD -2.10, 95% CI -4.66 to 0.46). However, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results concerning engagement with non-inpatient services favoured the intervention group. However, this result was not statistically significant. Results for the adverse effects/events of death (measured by 12 months), including the number of people leaving the study early, favour the intervention, but with no statistical significance (very low quality). Results for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, including a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of the treatment, were also uncertain.
We found eight studies with 3283 participants. Five (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of treatment. Five studies (1492 participants began initial dose titration, 687 participants randomised) had an EERW design (where participants are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) and one new published study with an enriched enrolment randomised withdrawal (EERW) design. The quality of the evidence was high for pain relief, pain intensity reduction, and side effects. Pregabalin 300 to 600 mg produces a major reduction in pain intensity over 12 to 26 weeks with tolerability of pain relief. Moderate pain relief was experienced by about 14% of participants with placebo, but about 9% more of participants 300 to 24 mg (high quality evidence). Serious side effects did not differ between active treatment groups and placebo (very low quality evidence), but withdrawals due to side effects were about 10% higher with placebo (moderate quality evidence) and about 11% lower (high-quality evidence). Side effects were more common in participants receiving the 600 mg dose (39% to 43%) and about 19 in 10% with the 300 mg dose 300 to 43%. Side effects included dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema, with number needed to harm of 3.7, 7.4, 18 and 19 respectively for all doses combined. Moderate benefit was experienced with placebo and 19 in 20% of patients receiving placebo. Serious adverse events were about 9 in 10 (19%) with placebo. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced side effects, including nausea, constipation, and constipation. Side effects occurred more frequently in those receiving the 300 and 600 mg doses, but withdrawals were about 6% lower in those given the 300 to 19 mg dose. The number of patients who withdrew from the studies due to adverse effects was about 10 in 10 with placebo or a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. The studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF) imputation method used in analyses of the primary outcomes could overestimate treatment effect.
We found one trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that compared magnesium sulphate with placebo. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between the two treatment groups in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, gestational age at birth (mean difference (MD) -0.20 weeks; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.62 to 0.22; 135 infants). However, there were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the calcium sulphate group than in the placebo group. There were no significant differences seen between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section (RR 0.80 to 35.38; 135 women). There is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphates when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus.
This review found four studies that assessed the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions in Indigenous and non-Indigenous populations. Two used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies (such as text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques), whilst the remaining two used cognitive or behavioural therapy through counselling, one via text message assistance and the second delivered by clinic doctors who were trained in cessation techniques. The review found that smoking cessation programmes specifically targeted at Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However, this evidence base is not strong with a small number of methodologically sound trials investigating these interventions.
We found 13 studies involving 5686 patients. We found no evidence to support or refute the use of a pacemaker in the management of critically ill patients in intensive care units. The quality of evidence was high for mortality and length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) but low for cost analysis. The review concluded that a PAC did not change the number of patients who died, general ICU or hospital stay, or cost for adult patients who were admitted to intensive care. There was no difference in mortality or length of time spent in the ICU between 28-day, 30-day and 60-day or ICU mortality between the two groups. There were no differences between the groups in terms of length of hospital stay or hospital costs. We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for meta-analysis. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias. We judged blinding of participants and personnel and blinding of outcome assessment to be at high risk in about 50% and at low risk in 25% to 30%.
This review found six studies involving 478 newborns. A sweet tasting solution was given to 288 infants, who did not receive a sweet taste solution. The average age of the infants in the studies ranged from 1 month to 1.5 months. The review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates.
This review found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry to the perineal wound. Neither study provided data in relation to the following outcomes: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. One study reported on rates of dyspareunia (a secondary outcome measure for this review) at two months and six months, although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). Similarly, there was no significant difference between the two groups in terms of rates of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months or six months. Significantly more women in the secondary suturing treatment group had resumed intercourse, although by six months there were no significant differences between the groups. This trial also included data on the number of women with sexual intercourse in the two treatment options. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatments options.
We found 18 studies involving 2521 participants. Most Chinese medicinal herbs showed similar effects to antiviral drugs in preventing influenza and alleviating influenza symptoms. However, the quality of the studies was poor. There were no significant differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. No obvious adverse events were reported in the included studies. There was some evidence that 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which adverse reactions were reported). However, this evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials.
This review found 8 studies with a total of 580 patients. The review found that thrombolytic agents, fibrin sheath stripping and over-the-wire catheter exchange are effective and appropriate therapies for immediately restoring catheter patency in dysfunctional cuffed and tunnelled HD catheters. There is no evidence to suggest any specific treatment is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. However, the certainty of this evidence is limited due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits, high risk of bias and imprecision in the estimates of adverse effects (149 participants). Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for treating catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 women randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment comparisons), published time-to-event data for overall survival. The addition of one or more drugs to the regimen showed a statistically significant advantage for overall response in women with metastatic breast cancer, but the results suggest no difference in survival time or time to progression. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia were more common with the addition of a drug.
This review found that patients discharged from a NLU are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) or hospital. There was no statistically significant difference in the number of deaths or mortality to longest follow up. Early readmissions were reduced (OR 0.52, 95% CI 0.86 to 2.68 days) and length of time spent in the ICU (WMD 5.13 days to 10.76 days) but there was a near significant increase in inpatient stay. Mortality (OR 2 days to 6.96 days) did not differ between the two treatment groups. No significant adverse effects were noted but the possibility of increased early mortality cannot be discounted. Costs of care on the NLU were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies.
We found 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two trials compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, two trials compared ultrasound with another non-surgical intervention, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another treatment (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. There is only poor quality evidence from very limited data to suggest that therapeutic ultrasound may be more effective than placebo for either short- or long-term symptom improvement in people with CTS. No studies reported any adverse effects of therapeutic ultrasound, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. One low quality trial with 68 participants found that when compared to placebo, therapeutic ultrasound plus splint may increase the chance of experiencing short-term overall improvement at the end of seven weeks treatment, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. There was no difference between groups receiving different frequencies and intensities of ultrasound, and between ultrasound as an addition to splinting, exercises, and oral drugs. No adverse effects data are required before any firm conclusions can be made.
We found eight studies involving approximately 10,000 patients with a history of ischaemic stroke or TIA, with or without established CHD, that compared statins with placebo or no treatment. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that statin therapy reduces the risk of stroke recurrence, but only marginally reduces the chance of stroke re-recurrence. There was no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately after stroke or later.
This review found that mass media campaigns can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the campaign. Another (California) showed negative effects during the period of adequate funding and implementation and in final evaluation since the beginning of the programme. One study (California), which was funded by the National Institute of Health (NIH), showed positive effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence (Sydney). Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed some positive effects in reducing smoking behaviour. Among seven campaigns reporting smoking prevalence, significant decreases were observed in the California and Massachusetts statewide tobacco control campaigns compared with the rest of the USA. Among the three that did not show significant decreases, one demonstrated a significant intervention effect on smokers and ex-smokers combined. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found statistically significant decreases. Some positive effects were seen in three of the remaining seven studies. The intensity and duration of the campaigns may influence effectiveness, but length of follow-up and concurrent secular trends and events can make this difficult to quantify. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender.
We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for meta-analysis. We found that yoga improved health-related quality of life, reduced fatigue and sleep disturbances, reduced depression, anxiety and fatigue, and reduced sleep disturbances in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression or anxiety, anxiety or fatigue, sleep disturbances or fatigue. No trial provided safety-related data. Three studies that compared yoga versus exercise presented very low-quality evidence showing no short-term effects on health-time-related Quality of life or fatigue or sleep disturbances and fatigue or fatigue and fatigue. Very low quality evidence showed no long-term effect of yoga on depression or sleep disturbance, anxiety, fatigue, depression, sleep disturbance or fatigue in the long term. No study reported on side effects. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants in the studies.
We found one retrospective study that compared early and no early post-operative imaging among 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma (GBM: World Health Organization (WHO) grade 4 glioma). Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference in overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM (risk ratio (RR) 0.86, 95% confidence interval (CI)0.61 to 1.21; 48% vs 55% died, respectively; very low certainty evidence). The effect of different imaging strategies on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. No other review outcomes were reported. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules.
We found three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine in the improvement of global state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metaapine fails to provide high-quality trial based data.
This review of trials found that nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious adverse events.
We found seven trials involving a total of825 people who use illicit drugs. We found that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of psychosocial interventions to reduce alcohol use among people using illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior. The quality of evidence for the primary outcomes was low to very low. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. Two studies were considered in two comparisons: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training versus twelve-step programme (one study), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing, motivational interviewing and brief motivational interviewing (two studies). Two studies compared motivational interviewing versus treatment as usual or educational intervention only. There was no significant difference between groups for either of the main outcomes (alcohol use, scores on the Addiction Severity Index Rating Scale (AUDIT) or Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) at three months) or retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment, or for any of the secondary outcomes reported. The evidence is current to May 2018.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. Quinine was compared to placebo, vitamin E, a quinine-vitamin E combination (three trials, 510 participants), a theophylline combination (one trial, 77 participants), and xylocaine injections into the gastrocnemius muscle. The average duration of treatment ranged from two weeks to 60 days. The quality of the evidence was rated as low or moderate, mainly due to the small number of studies and the fact that the trials were not randomised, which means that the results may not be applicable to all people with muscle cramp. We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. There is no evidence to judge the best dosage or duration of quine treatment.
We found seven trials (five parallel, two cross-over) enrolling a total of 406 adults. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps (N = 202) and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers (n = 322 including a cross over control group) and a single trial enrolled 322 adults with pregnancy associated rest cramps. We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramps or disease state-associated cramps in older adults. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing muscle cramping. While we could not determine the number of participants with minor side effects, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo.
We found only one study with 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The study compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of the people did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The trial assessed function on the Hammersmith Functional Motor Scale - Expanded (HFMSE), which has a range of possible scores from 0 to 66, with an increase of 3 or more points indicating clinically meaningful improvement. The change in walking distance on the six-minute walk test (a measure of function) was 24.0 m in the training group (9.4 m). The change from baseline to six months' follow-up was not detectably different from the change in the usual care group (-0.14 m) (mean difference (MD) 9.54 m, 95% confidence interval (CI) -83.04 to 102.12; N = 12). Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity (VO2max) was similar between the training and usual care groups (0.12 mL/kg/min) (MD 1.34 mL/g/min). A clinically meaningful increase in VO2max is a measure of the amount of oxygen a person needs to be able to breathe, which is measured by measuring how much oxygen they have in their blood. The HFMSE score in the muscle strength group increased by 2 points in the strength group (MDT) compared to no improvement in the control group (MMT). The study did not report any adverse effects of the training program. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in SMA type 3.
This review found two trials involving 149 patients with cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. Both trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery on pain relief in patients with spinal cord injury. It is unclear whether the short-term risks of surgery are offset by long-term benefits. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
This review found nine studies, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We found 84 studies with 22,872 participants, with 70/84 studies reporting interventions in higher risk individuals or settings. Studies with follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the sustainability of intervention effects and were also less susceptible to short-term reporting or publication bias. We found no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Further analyses showed that there was no clear relationship between the duration of MI intervention (in minutes) and effect size. None of the studies reported harms related to MI.
This review includes 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2210 adults and children. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of bias and at high risk for bias associated with blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. We found no evidence about harms. Inhaler technique education, multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices showed some benefit for asthma control and quality of life, but generally did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits for adults or children. A similar result was seen in studies looking at feedback devices. Responder analyses showed improvement among more people in the intervention groups, even though the mean difference between groups was small. However, the benefit of multi- media training for adults even immediately after the intervention was uncertain. Some studies did not report exacerbations, adverse events, unscheduled visits to a healthcare provider and absenteeism from work or school. Most of the studies were of low to moderate quality.
This review found three small trials, involving 226 participants, to include in this review. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials involved patients with CT-verified ICH. There is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannitol in acute stroke patients.
This review found that D-penicillamine appears to have a clinically and statistically significant benefit on the disease activity of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear.
We found four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All trials used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoctions of Huangqi compound were given in addition to chemotherapy. However, due to the methodological limitations of the studies, there is no robust demonstration of benefit. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated vitamin A and DHA and vitamin A plus vitamin A versus vitamin A only. No adverse effects were reported in these three trials. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss. The three trials were graded as low risk of bias for all other domains. None of the RCTs had protocols available, so selective reporting bias was unclear for all. In addition, the trials did not specify the method for random sequence generation, so there was an unclear risk of systematic errors. We did not perform meta-analysis due to clinical heterogeneity of participants and interventions across the included trials.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one trial) over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one trial). The trials assessed job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning in workers with inflammatory arthritis. We found no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. The trials showed marked differences in how they performed on risk of bias items, particularly on performance bias. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence that job loss prevention interventions have an effect on job loss (job loss) and work absenceism (work functioning). The results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine) from three countries. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found that giving arginines to preterm babies may prevent the development of NEC (any stage of life) among preterm newborns. We also found that it may prevent NEC (stage 1) and NEC stage 3 (stage 2) in preterm preterm neonates. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23 to 0.64; I2 = 27%) and we rated the quality of evidence as moderate. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the two treatment groups (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.09 to -0.0.01) and the control or no treatment groups. Results showed a significant reduction in the risk of NEC stage 1, NEC stage 2 and NEC stages 3 (RR0.13, 95%) among pre term preterm infant preterms. The quality of the evidence was moderate. Investigators noted no significant side effects directly attributable to the treatment, including hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse effects (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months.
We found four trials involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo. Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg. No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses.
The review of trials found that the use of prophylactic vancomycin reduced the incidence of sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcal sesisis in preterm infants. However, there is a theoretical concern regarding the development of resistant organisms with the administration of antibiotic, but there is insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of developing resistant organisms.
This review found 14 randomised trials on dressings or topical agents for surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression, WMD -25.60 days, 95% CI -49.08 to -2.12 days (1 trial). There were no statistically significant differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate; 11 trials).  PAIN: Gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings.  PATIENT SATISFACTION: Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied compared with patients treated with alternative dressings (3 trials).
In 2014, we added seven trials for a new total of 11. They included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method.
We found 10 studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA. We found that red-light cameras are effective in reducing total crashes. However, the evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance.
This review found four trials involving 494 patients with acute thromboembolism aged 18 years or older. Three trials involving 383 patients provided data on the proportion of patients who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram for the percentage of patients with VTE who achieved an INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of treatment. No difference was observed in major bleeding at 14 to 90 days (moderate quality evidence). No difference were observed in the length of hospital stay (very low quality evidence) or length of time spent in the intensive care unit (hospital stay) or in the number of patients treated for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB = 3, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05 to 1.54; moderate quality evidence), although with substantial heterogeneity (I2 = 90%). The review authors analyzed each study separately because it was not possible to perform a subgroup analysis by inpatient or outpatient status. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding the best treatment.
We found seven trials with a total of 555 participants. We found limited evidence that some of the models of enhanced rehabilitation and care used in the included trials may show benefits over usual care for preventing delirium and reducing length of stay in hospital for people with dementia who have been treated for hip fracture. However, the certainty of these results is low or very low. There was also low-certainty that, compared to orthopaedic-led management, geriatrician led management may lead to shorter hospital stays (mean difference 4.00 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 0.22, 2 trials, 141 participants) and lower rates of some other complications. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life.
We found seven studies with a total of 840 children with acute and chronic illnesses using specialist home-based nursing services; however, the only summary finding across a few studies was that there is a significant decrease in length of hospitalisation. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; two studies reported a reduction in the hospital stay with no difference in hospital readmission rates. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for the families. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home care. Overall increased parental satisfaction was reported in three studies. Also, better parental coping and family functioning in one study. One study each reported no impact on parental burden of care or on functional status of children.
This review includes 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We found two comparisons: ICM versus standard care, and ICM plus standard care versus non-ICM. We found that ICM may make little or no difference in reducing the number of days spent in hospital or the average number of people leaving the trial early. However, there was uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment due to very low-quality evidence. Similarly, ICM reduced the time spent in the hospital and the average time in hospital compared to standard care. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, mainly due to the small number of studies with a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state.
This review found that box model training appears to improve technical skills compared with no training in trainees with no previous laparoscopic experience. There was no significant difference in the time taken to complete the task in any of the remaining comparisons (reverse alignment versus forward alignment box training; box trainer suturing versus box trainer drills; and single incision versus multiport boxModel training). One trial (36 participants) found significantly higher accuracy score with simple cardboard box trainer compared with conventional pelvic trainer (SMD 0.87; 95% CI 0.19 to 1.56). Another trial (22 participants) showed significantly higher composite score with reverse alignment compared with forward alignment ball training. One trial found significantly shorter time to complete a laparoscopy task when box training was performed using a simple box trainer when compared with the standard pelvic trainer. There were no significant differences between the intervention and control groups in the remaining three comparisons. None of the secondary outcomes were adequately reported in the trials. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance).
This review of trials found no evidence to support or refute the use of glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability.
We found 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% CI 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (3587 participants) showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention controls, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) intervention participants drank one unit per occasion less than no intervention control participants. There was no difference between digital and face-to-face interventions. The BCTs of goal setting (B -43.94, 95% CI -78.59 to -9.30), problem solving, behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were significantly associated with a reduction in alcohol consumption in unadjusted models. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate to low. The main sources of bias were from attrition and participant blinding (36% and 21% of studies respectively, high risk of bias). The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory. Over half of the interventions (n = 21, 51%) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention.
We found 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants received other treatments in three-arm trials. We found no trials on the long-term efficacy or acceptability of these drugs. The quality of the evidence was rated as low to very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and the low number of participants included in the studies.
We found 13 small trials (1520 participants randomised) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias (one study) and selective reporting (two studies). Duration and style of tai chi differed between trials. No studies reported on cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (all studies had follow-up of one year or less). There was also considerable heterogeneity between studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine studies statistically for cardiovascular risk (I2 statistic for systolic blood pressure (SBP) was 96%, for blood pressure diastolic (DBP) 96%, total cholesterol 96%, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) 95%, triglycerides 75%). Nine trials measured blood pressure, six individual trials found reductions in SBP (reductions ranged from -22.0 mmHg to -11.5 millHg (95% confidence interval (CI) -26.3 to -17.7) and triglyceride reductions ranged from 0.46 mmol/L to -0.59 mmol. Three trials found a reduction in total cholesterol, LDL-C and triglycerides (total cholesterol, triglycerides, triglyceride and lipid levels) and two trials found no clear evidence of a difference between groups on lipid levels. A similar pattern was seen for DBP: three trials found an increase in DBP (increase 5.2 millilitres/L (0.16 mmol/l) and a decrease in triglycerides. Quality of life was measured in one trial (tai chi improved quality of life at three months). Three trials showed no clear difference between the two groups on blood pressure or lipid levels, and three trials reported no clear differences between the groups on cholesterol or triglycerides or triglyceride levels. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes.
This review found that family-based interventions have a positive effect on preventing children and adolescents from starting to smoke. There is moderate quality evidence to suggest that a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because effect estimates could not include data from all studies. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to a control group receiving no intervention, than there were for other compairsons. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate.
This review found three studies involving a total of 451 adult cancer patients. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional interventions in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexamethylasone. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We found that corticosteroids reduced nausea and vomiting by an average of 0 to 10 points on a scale of 0-10, with a lower score indicating less nausea at eight days. However, this result was not statistically significant. The frequency of adverse effects was not significantly different between groups, and these interventions were well tolerated. The quality of this evidence was downgraded from high to very low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and a small number of participants in the included studies.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent pneumococcal septicaemia. Three studies included 1345, four cystic fibrosis (n = 429) and 429 infants and one each sickle cell disease (involving 219), cancer (included 160) and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders. The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence was moderate. There was no significant difference in the number of children who died or developed lung infections with co-tuberculosis or pneumonia. In two studies, there was a significant reduction in the frequency of pulmonary exacerbations. However, there were no significant differences in the risk of pneumonia exacerbations or pneumonia exacerbation. In one study, a significant decrease in the rates of hospital admission per child-year of follow-up was reported. There is no evidence of increased antibiotic resistance in two studies. The effect of antibiotic prophylaxis on growth was inconsistent across the studies.
We found nine randomised controlled trials, randomising 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxric oxide (100 participants) or carbon dioxide (96 participants). None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There were no serious side effects related to either nitric oxide and carbon dioxide, or to room air. The quality of the current evidence is very low. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitric acid, helium, argon, nitrogen, and room air on cardiopulmonary complications, surgical complications, or surgical morbidity. One trial randomised a total of 69 participants to helium (69 participants), and one trial involving 33 participants did not state the number of participants in each group. The evidence of lower hospital costs and reduced pain during the first postoperative day with room air was very low quality of evidence, and this was rated as very low-quality of evidence. The trial was conducted in a small number of people. The trials were of poor quality.
This review found 14 studies involving a total of 303 preterm infants. Eight studies compared a high versus a moderate dose of dexamethasone and five studies a moderate versus a low cumulative dose. There were no differences in outcomes between a moderate- and a low-dosage regimen. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small numbers of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ corticosteroids and lack of long-term neurodevelopmental data in most studies.
This review found eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people with acute rheumatic fever. The trials compared steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone and dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulin versus aspirin, placebo or no treatment. There were no differences in risk of heart disease between corticosteroid-treated and aspirin-treated groups. However, all results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. In addition, the trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001.
We found six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticide sprays to be effective in reducing the number of people who developed trachom. One study found that another measure, latrine provision, reduced the incidence of trachomas by 29.5% compared to a control measure, however, this was not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed by a more recent study. Another study showed that health education had shown a significant reduction in the occurrence of tracoma in one study but another study showed similar findings. Health education had a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce tracom. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in the prevention of trachea but this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides.
Fifteen studies involving 1043 CFS participants were included in the review. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatments for CFS.
This review found only one randomised controlled trial including 46 people with sickle cell disease (HbSS, HbSC and HbSβ+thal) that assessed the effects of vitamin D supplementation in children and adults. The trials lasted six weeks and were followed up to six months. The evidence is current to May 2014. The trial was conducted in the USA Institute of Medicine (USA Institute of medicine). The trial compared vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) with placebo (a dummy pill) for six weeks. The study was conducted at a high risk of bias (high dropout rate in the placebo group), but a low risk of systematic errors (high number of participants dropped out of the trial, blinding of participants, personnel and outcome assessors, selective outcome reporting; and an unclear risk of other biases). We found that the vitamin D group had significantly higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks, 16 weeks, and 24 weeks. However, the quality of evidence for this outcome was low. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between vitamin D and placebo groups, but this result is based on only one small trial with a low number of studies. The vitamin D groups had a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than the placebo groups but this was not significant. The review included physical functioning PedsQL scores which was reported as absolute change from baseline. Regarding the frequency of pain, vitamin D had significantly fewer pain days compared to placebo, but again, but it is unclear whether this difference was significant. There were no significant differences between the groups. The quality of the evidence for adverse effects was low, and further studies are needed to determine the effects and the safety of Vitamin D supplementation for children and adult patients with sickles cell disease.
This review includes only one study with 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two treatments: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). Children were allocated randomly to one of the two treatments. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-3 and ReST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. The study did not assess the outcome of functional communication. There is limited evidence to support the effectiveness of either treatment in children with CAS without other comorbid neurodevelopmental disorders.
This review found four trials that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. One trial conducted in the US in adults studied pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks; one trial conducted with children and adults evaluated pyrimetehamine for four weeks; and one study conducted with adults investigated trimethopsoprimsulfamethoxazole for 12 months. In the last study, all participants had active retinochoroiditis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomisation. Treatment with antibiotics may have a similar change in vision at one year (mean difference -1.00 letters, 95% confidence interval (CI) -7.93 to 5.93 letters; 93 participants). However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect. There is currently no good evidence that this leads to better vision outcomes. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia.
We found 43 trials involving a total of 3749 people with mainly trochanteric fractures. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with an increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for proximal femoral nail (PFN) versus the SHS. Results for post-operative complications, mortality and functional outcomes were similar in both groups. Two trials (124 participants) found a tendency to less fracture healing complications with the intramedullary nails compared with fixed angle plates for subtrochanterics fractures, but further studies are required.
This review found only one study with 47 women who received either palliative surgery (n = 27) or medical management with Octreotide. The study reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Although six (22%) women had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, multivariable analysis found that women who had surgery had significantly (p < 0.001) better survival after adjustment for important prognostic factors. Quality of life (QoL) was not reported and adverse events were incompletely documented. However, there is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
This review found four trials involving 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women randomized) studied a drug that is used in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides, but had no significant effect on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (nmol/L) when used alone or with the OCP. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTs to assess clinical outcomes.
We found no new studies. We found 1522 unique references of which we excluded 1330 on the basis of title and abstract. We retrieved the remaining 22 articles in full, but none satisfied the inclusion criteria. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor settings where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 745 patients, that investigated temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) patients. The trials showed that, compared to standard treatment alone, temozilomide increased survival and progression of the disease, but it does increase early side effects. It prolongs survival and delays progression without impacting on QoL (QoL) or progression of GBM. However, the benefits only appear to emerge when therapy is given in both concomitant and adjuvant phases of treatment.
We found two studies that assessed the effectiveness of contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for district health systems management ('contracting-in') for health care access and utilization. One study conducted in Cambodia provided low quality evidence that contracting-in increased the use of antenatal care by 28% and use of public facilities by 14%. However, contracting in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. The findings of the other study showed that intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers’ performance. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive the intermittent training course had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses.
We found three studies that involved 123 people. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups (risk ratio (RR) 0.56, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.13 to 2.42). There was some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, length of intensive care unit stay (ICU), and length of hospital stay. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We found 50 trials (19 randomised controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) evaluating the effects of cerivastatin in 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials lasted three to 12 weeks. There was a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse effects, but a low risk for the lipid measurements.
We found 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients undergoing major cardiac and vascular surgery in which renal ischaemia reperfusion injury may occur. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning made little or no difference to the reduction of serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and the incidence of acute kidney injury. It is uncertain whether remote iscaemic precondoitioning by cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low (15 studies, 3993 participants). Only two of 15 studies reported any adverse effects (6/1999 patients in the remote control group and 1/1994 in the control group), the remaining 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group. Remote ischaemagic precondoing may have slightly improved the risk of acute renal injury using either the AKIN or RIFLE criteria (a test of kidney damage) but the available data does not confirm the efficacy in reducing renal damage.
We found 12 trials (three from the 2008 search and nine from the 2014 search) with 703 participants. Eight trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-drug interventions: a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). The effects of any of these interventions on fatigue after stroke were not investigated in trials that had used adequate allocation concealment (two trials, 89 participants) or trials that used adequate blinding of outcome assessors (four trials, 198 participants). Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of the interventions showed any benefit on reducing fatigue, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias. Some of the treatments described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We found three randomised trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) that evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. The trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). The review found that the combination of insulin and glucose is preferred over treatment with rectal cation-resin for the treatment of preterm babies. No serious side effects were noted with either the combined treatment or albuterol inhalation. In the study of Hu, the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage ≥ grade 2 was significantly reduced. No differences were noted in mortality or other clinical outcomes. No adverse effects were reported. No firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This review found 12 trials with a total of 75 children. Seven trials compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected participants. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not significantly different between the two treatments: MD of 0.02 of a grade more improvement in the intravenous immunoglobulin than the plasma exchange group. There were also no significant differences in the other measures considered. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment, but IVIG is significantly much more likely to be completed than PE. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. Another trial with 34 participants comparing immunoabsorption followed by IVIsg with immuno absorption alone did not show significant extra benefit from the combined treatment. There was no difference in the number of children who developed an improvement in a disability scale or improvement in disability grade between the treatment groups. In one trial involving 249 participants, the average improvement was 0.2 (95% CI -0.14 to 0.54) more in the combined group than in the PE alone group; not clinically significantly different, but not excluding the possibility of significant additional benefit. The quality of the evidence for this review was rated as low.
We found 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) that compared a high fraction of inspired oxygen with a routine fraction. We found no evidence to support the routine use of an inspired oxygen of 60% or higher during anaesthesia and surgery. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, the use of a high number of participants was not associated with an increased risk of death from any cause. However, the quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to the small number of trials and the fact that the trials were poorly reported.
We found 35 trials involving 3663 children. We found moderate quality evidence that oral antibiotics are associated with an increased chance of complete resolution of OME at various time points. However, there is evidence that children treated with antibiotics are more likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash (primary outcome) than those given to control treatment. It should be noted that the beneficial effect of oral antibiotics on acute otitis media episodes within four to eight weeks was no longer significant when we excluded studies with high risk of bias. There was no data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
This review found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), nine RCTs and three before and after studies. Pooling of the seven trials showed that a low protein diet (LPD) resulted in a non-significant reduction in the decline of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of 0.1 ml/min/month (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.07 to 0.72) for patients with type 1 diabetes. One trial showed a small insignificant improvement in the rate of decline of GFR in the protein-restricted group and a second found a similar decline in both the intervention and control groups. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. One study noted malnutrition in the LPD group. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that the use of a milieu-oriented model for patients with severe brain injury, in which comprehensive cognitive rehabilitation takes place in a therapeutic environment and involves a peer group of patients, is an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychological rehabilitation following a brain injury. For moderate to severe injury,'strong evidence' showed benefit from formal intervention, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. Intensive rehabilitation appears to lead to earlier gains, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. Patients discharged from in-patient rehabilitation benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. Patients who present acutely to hospital with mild brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those who have moderate or severe injury have a good recovery when appropriate information was provided, without the need for additional specific specific interventions. Those with moderate-severe brain injury need to be followed-up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed.
We found one trial (involving 176 women) comparing rooming-in versus separate care. This trial included four groups with a factorial design. We found no difference between the two groups in the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding at six months of age. The average frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four after discharge from hospital was 8.3 (standard deviation (SD) 2.2), slightly higher than the separate care group, i.e. seven times per day. However, between-group comparison of this outcome was not appropriate since every infant was breastfed at a fixed schedule of seven times a day (SD = 0) resulting in no estimable comparison. There was no difference in the number of infants being exclusively breastfed. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge was significantly higher in the rooming in group 86% (99 of 115) compared with separate care groups, 45% (17 of 38). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review found eight trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Seven trials showed that sanchi might improve neurological deficit more than control with a significant difference (RR 0.29, 95%Cl 0.18 to 0.47). The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that participants probably had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in respect to stroke recurrence and quality of life.
This review found 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 146 patients. Four trials compared immediate versus delayed implants in 126 patients and found no statistically significant differences. One trial compared immediate or delayed versus delayed implant placement in 46 patients. There is a suggestion that immediate and immediate-delayed implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction.
This review of trials found no evidence that clioquinol has any positive clinical benefit for patients with Alzheimer's dementia, or whether the drug is safe. There was no significant difference in cognition between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. One participant in the treatment group developed neurological symptoms (impaired visual acuity and colour vision) which resolved on cessation of treatment and were possibly attributable to the drug. The second trial of PBT2 was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe and well tolerated in people with mild Alzheimer’s dementia. There were no significant differences in cognition or memory between placebo and PBT1 in the least squares mean change from baseline at week 12. However, two executive function component tests of the NTB showed significant improvement over placebo in the PBT 2 250 mg group from baseline to week 12: category fluency test (2.8 words) and trail making part B (-48.0 s, 95% confidence interval (CI) -83.0 to -13.0) - a test of memory and thinking, which is an indicator of dementia severity. There is an absence of evidence to support the use of this drug for people with dementia. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate cognitive efficacy.
We found 36 studies with 2999 people with pulmonary hypertension from all causes. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in PAH. There was a small improvement of 27 metres in lung function in those with PH due to lung disease. PAH patients treated with PAH inhibitors were more likely to improve their WHO functional class, to walk 48 metres further in 6MWD, and were 22% less likely to die over a mean duration of 14 weeks compared to placebo (high-certainty evidence). The number needed to treat to prevent one additional death was 32 participants. The quality of the evidence was low due to imprecision of effect and inconsistency across trials. Data were of low quality. There were no significant differences in mortality between the two treatments. There is no evidence of worsening hypoxia (hypoxia) or death between the treatments, although data were limited, and there was no significant difference in any outcomes. The number of deaths was also low. The overall quality of evidence for the effects of PAH treatment on lung function was low.
We found 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that multiple injections produced a significant decrease in the number of patients who had a primary anaesthesia failure. However, the number who had an incomplete motor block was also reduced. The time to readiness for surgery was also increased with multiple injections. The duration of time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injections and double injections, however there was no difference in the time taken for the patient to be ready for surgery. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with a single injection compared with double injections. There was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety.
This review found three studies that compared beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. All three studies showed a significant decrease in growth in children treated with beclometrichasone compared to those receiving placebo or other inhaled steroids. The average decrease, calculated through meta-analysis, was 1.54 cm per year (95% CI -1.15, 1.94 cm) in children with mild-moderate asthma. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued.
This review found three trials (139 patients) comparing APD with CAPD. The review found no difference between APD and CAPD with respect to mortality, risk of peritonitis, switching from original PD modality to a different dialysis modality, hernias (disease-causing problems with the blood vessels), hernia, PD fluid leaks, PD catheter removal, hospital admissions or hospital admissions. One study found that patients on APD had significantly more time for work, family and social activities. Another study found a reduction in the risk of hospitalisations and hospitalisations in patients receiving APD when results were expressed as episodes/patient-year.
This review of 37 trials involving 9312 patients found that CRT was better than RT in terms of survival, progression of the disease and progression of disease recurrences. However, it was associated with an increased risk for salvage therapy. This effect, also seen in AL and ST separately, was due directly to first-line treatment.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Opioids were administered orally, transdermally, intrathecally, or intrathecal (k = 5, n = 1628). Many patients discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI): 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% (95% CI: 4.0% to 27.0%) or insufficient pain relief. Many patients discontinue long-term opioid therapy (especially oral opioids) due to side effects or lack of pain relief; however, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids long- term experience clinically significant pain relief relief. Whether quality of life or functioning improves is inconclusive. Many minor side effects (such as nausea and headache) occurred, but serious side effects, including iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of participants in the studies that reported that outcome.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years. All participants were male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 years. There was no high quality evidence to support the use of anabolic steroids in treating pressure ulcer ulcers. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary to assess the effect of anabol steroids on treating pressure pain. However, careful consideration of the current trial and its early termination are required when planning future research.
We found six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail (OR 0.93; 95% CI 0.69 to 1.24). For both comparisons (email versus standard mail and email versus usual care) there were no differences between the groups for patient or caregiver understanding and support. Results were inconclusive for patient and caregiver behaviours and actions. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the severity of vertigo or improvement in individual or pooled data. No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine application of a mastoid oscillation during the manoeuvre or of additional steps in an 'augmented' EpleY manoeuvre, or of further steps. Neither treatment is associated with adverse effects.
This review found four studies involving a total of 231 adults with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, 109 participants), (2) polypectomy versus systemic steroid (two studies, 87 participants) and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid (five studies, 35 participants). All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than another in terms of patient-reported symptom scores and quality of life scores. No differences were found for any objective measurements or olfactory tests in those studies in which they were measured. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. None of the included studies reported recurrence rates. The overall quality of the evidence is very low or low.
We found eight trials with a total of709 participants. Seven were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. The trials lasted between one and nine months. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four trials compared zinc plus other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. We found that zinc fortification may improve the serum zinc status of populations if zinc is the only micronutrient used for fortification. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. No trial in comparison 2 provided information about zinc deficiency, children’s growth, cognition, work capacity of adults, or on haematological indicators.
This review found 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic disease. The review found that use of non-steroidal antiandrogens compared with medical or surgical castration monotherapy for advanced prostate cancer is less effective in terms of overall survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to adverse events. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate according to GRADE.
We found eight randomised trials with 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI)0.79 to 1.02); four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction (RR of 0.75) in the number of women who died of breast cancer, including breast cancer and breast cancer-related all-cause mortality after 13 years. We found that breast cancer was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy (data available in only two trials). If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years.
We found four studies, with a total of 522 women, that compared hCG priming with no priming. Three studies only included women with PCOS, while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (N = 400). One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. One study investigated 20,000 units hCG compared to 10,000 per hCG. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. We found no evidence of a difference in live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates between women randomised to receive hCG or no treatment. There was low quality evidence that priming may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions.
In total, 24 trials were included, but only 16 (10,114 women) had analysable data. There is good evidence that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory.
We found two studies with 880 participants. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. The studies lasted 12 weeks. We found no significant differences between inhaled inhalers and LAMA for improvement in symptoms measured by the COPD Assessment Test (CAT score) nor for FEV₁ (change from baseline trough in 24-hour weighted mean on treatment day 84). However, the current review is based on only two trials with the main focus on primary outcomes other than those considered in this review. The short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty.
This review found four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 169 participants, with data from four trials (169 participants) available for analysis. A single placebo-controlled trial of fluoxetine suggested overall superiority of medication compared to placebo (relative risk (RR) 3.07, 95% CI 1.4 to 6.72, n = 67). Symptom severity was also significantly reduced in the RCTs of fluoxinetine and clomipramine, as well as in the two CBT trials. A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one trial of CBT. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as a range of psychological therapy approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available.
This review found three trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis and involving 268 adults were included in this review. The review found a beneficial effect of using a desensitization protocol over a rechallenge protocol at six months of follow-up for preventing treatment discontinuation of ciclovir (number needed to treat (NNT) 7.14, 95% confidence interval (CI) 4.0-33.0), and for lower incidence of overall hypersensitivity. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies.
We found three trials enrolling 148 preterm infants. We found no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment based on the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of NICU stay, adequacy of analgesia according to PIPP scores and poor neurological outcomes by 28 days' postnatal age. One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores during midazolam infusion than during dextrose (placebo) infusion (MD -3.80, 95% CI -5.93 to -1.67). Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of adverse neurological events (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) at 28 days’ afternatal age (death or grade IVH/PVL) compared with the morphine group (RR -7.64, 5% CI 0.02 to 57.21). We considered the quality of the evidence for this review to be moderate.
This review found 12 trials involving 767 participants. No differences were found between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment (very low quality evidence). No difference was found between antibiotic treatment and placebo or no treatment arms in the number of people with diarrhea at five to seven days (low quality evidence), clinical failure (clinical failure) or fever at five or seven days. There was a significantly higher number of negative stool cultures for NTS during the first week of treatment (microbiological failure). Antibiotic treatment meant passage of the same Salmonella serovar one month after treatment was almost twice as likely in people who received antibiotic treatment, which was statistically significant. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotics treatment. Antibiotics have no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in treating diarrhea in otherwise healthy people. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
We found 23 studies (4192 adults) assessing the accuracy of interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. We found that if we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of sesis with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have sesis. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic treatment, and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed of sesis. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2.
We found 29 trials involving 5718 participants. All trials were at an unclear or high risk of bias. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing, five trials that included people undergoing what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery, with the remaining trials including people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures with different contamination classifications. There were 16 trials involving people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures that had a 'clean' classification. The remaining 25 trials compared alternative wound contact dressings (film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings). The review is uncertain whether wound exposure or any wound contact dressing reduces or increases the risk of SSI compared with alternative options investigated: we assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to bias and imprecision. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring, acceptability of dressing and ease of removal from the wound, and uncertainty about the effects of covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk for SSI, improving scarring or reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove.
We found two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microg (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid with placebo. The trial randomised 126 women at risk of postpartum depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Women who were found to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideation or schizophrenia at recruitment were excluded from the study. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo arm) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. No benefit was found for EPA-rich fish oil (MD 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.61 to 2.21). No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the presence of major depression disorder at six to eight weeks after birth, the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of neonates to the neonatal intensive care unit. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postnatal depression.
We found 11 studies with a total of 781 participants. Seven studies were RCTs addressing different anthracycline infusion durations; we identified long-term follow-up data for one of the trials in this update. We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of clinical heart failure, and it seems to reduce the risks of subclinical cardiac damage. However, there is only a small amount of data for children and data obtained in adults cannot be extrapolated to children. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults and in leukaemias and solid tumours.
We found 37 studies with a total of 3110 randomised participants. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. We found no high-quality evidence that hypothermia is beneficial in the treatment of people with TBI. Studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. We considered duration of treatment and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform a meta-analysis. The quality of the evidence for mortality and unfavourable outcome was very low. There was no difference between studies in the number of people who died or developed pneumonia. However, the quality of this evidence was limited by the small number of studies and differences in the trial designs and participant inclusion.
This review found three high-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence (level 2), indicating that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. At this point, use of psychological interventions for depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy.
This review found three trials involving a total of 206 patients with vascular dementia. All three trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE (WMD 2.04, 95% CI 1.43 to 2.66). No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the trials. Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, caregiver burden were not undertaken in the included trials.
This review found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 960 participants. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduced the odds of developing a seroma and reduced the number of seroma aspirations. However, this benefit should be balanced against an increased length of hospital stay in the drained population.
This review found eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The methodological quality was measured using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). The three prospective cohort studies were of high methodological quality, and two were of medium quality. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence regarding flavonoid intake and the prevention of colorectal neoplasms.
We included seven trials with 1369 patients with HCV genotype 1 infected patients in whom HCV RNA was still detectable but decreased by 2 log after 12 weeks and became negative after 24 weeks of treatment with peginterferon plus ribavirin. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. The duration of treatment ranged from 48 weeks to 72 weeks. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions (27/84 (32.1%) versus 46/91 (50.5%) and 85/350 (24.3%) versus 146/353 (41.4%) compared to the control group. The length of treatment did not significantly affect the adherence of patients receiving the treatment group. In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups. There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. The end of treatment response was not significantly different between patients receiving treatment for 48 weeks and 72 weeks, and the length of the treatment period did not affect the number of patients who died.
Only two studies (34 participants) met the inclusion criteria of this review. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intent in people with pancreatic cancers. There was low concerns about applicability for most domains in both studies. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study.
This review found 34 studies with a total of 2169 participants with blepharitis. Twenty studies (14 RCTs and 6 CCTs) included 1661 participants with anterior or mixed blephaitis and 14 studies involving 508 participants with posterior blephasitis (MGD) were included in this review. The effectiveness of topical steroids and oral antibiotics were inconclusive. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior and posterior bleeding. However, there is no strong evidence to support the use of any of these treatments in terms of curing chronic blephacitis. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments.
We found only one trial with a total of 23 participants. This trial was at high risk of bias. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. There is insufficient evidence from high-quality randomised controlled trials to determine whether photodynamic treatment alters the course of disease or provides an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis.
We found 42 studies with 4220 participants. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the reference test and the effect of the standard on the accuracy of the test was not clear. The accuracy of both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity of the ultrasound test. This review showed that CE-CDUS was superior to CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive to establish the type of endoleak and the subsequent therapeutic management.
We found seven studies, with 766 women, that compared sterile water with placebo or no treatment. All studies reported on low back pain in labour only. We found no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. Two studies reported that more women treated with steril water would request the same analgesia in future. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice.
This review found 12 trials with a total of 1932 participants that compared synthetic glue with sutures for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate to low. We found that synthetic glue may reduce chronic pain and not simultaneously increase the recurrence rate of mesh fixation. However, the results changed when we conducted subgroup analysis with regard to the type of mesh. There were no significant differences between the two groups. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled trials and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. The difference between synthetic glue and biological glue should also be assessed in the future.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. However there is some evidence that the 'package’ of technical editing used by biomedical journals does improve papers.
We found 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. There were no data for children. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. The studies were of good methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported results for treatment periods separately.
This review identified 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, were included in the review; the majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in a sensitivity analysis. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial of 20 families, also showed an improvement, which was sustained for longer than for caregivers. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs and symptoms leading to self-management. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No adverse effects were reported in any trials. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high, which means that further studies are likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect.
This review found six trials involving 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. One study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures, and the other five trials included patients with focal onset seizures only. The review found that brivaracetam, when used as an add-on therapy for patients with drug-resistant epilepsy, is effective in reducing seizure frequency and can aid patients in achieving seizure freedom. However, the addition of brivar acetam to the standard treatment regimen has been associated with a greater proportion of treatment withdrawals due to adverse events compared with placebo. However this finding is mainly applicable to adult patients with epilepsy resistant to drug treatment.
We found 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting (high confidence in the evidence). Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents (moderate confidence). Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply, and tailored to their situation (low confidence in this evidence). Parents also wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them. Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions. Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence showed that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives.
We found 10 trials with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants, and included them in the review. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. The trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale. However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were no significant differences in overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies or TAU. No specific treatment was consistently superior to any other specific approach. None of the trials identified any adverse effects.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from the USA, Germany, and the United States. The first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 adults (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil, either 1000 centistokes or 5000 centistoke, per the surgeon's preference. There were no significant differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of the proportion of participants achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. In participants with RD associated with PVR, outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy and infusion of either silicone oils, perfluropropane gas, or sulfafluoloride gas appeared comparable for a broad variety of cases. There was no significant difference between silicone oils and sulfur hexa6 gas in the change in vision at one year using adjusted mean logMAR vision acuity (a measure of the change of vision) or the number of participants who achieved at least five/200 vision at two years. However, there were no major differences between the two agents. The use of heavy silicone oils was not shown to be superior to standard silicone oils. The second trial was funded by the National Eye Institute, and was at low risk of bias, while the third trial received funding from the German Research Foundation. Adverse events were not specified for each group. The review authors conclude that the use of silicone oil appears reasonable for most patients with RD related to PVR. Because there do not appear to be any major differences in outcomes between the agents, the choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient.
We found five studies (involving 1819 women) that compared planned early delivery with planned late delivery for women suffering from hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. There was no clear difference between groups in the number of women who died or developed severe complications. There were no clear differences between groups for caesarean section or length of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby. Planned early delivery was associated with a higher risk of respiratory distress syndrome and NICU admission. The quality of evidence was graded as high for maternal mortality and morbidity, moderate for maternal length of stay in hospital, and low for infant mortality and complications. Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm.
This review found six studies (including 142 participants) to include in this review. Two studies compared three-times-a-week prophylactic administration with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. One study showed a statistically significant decrease in frequency of joint bleeds with treatment compared to placebo, with a rate difference of -10.73 (95% confidence interval -16.55 to -4.91) bleeds per year. The fourth study showed fewer joint bleings with weekly (15 IU/kg) versus bi-weekly (7.5 IU perkg) treatment. Non-significant increases in both inhibitor and infectious complications were observed in patients on treatment, which occurred more often when using long-term venous access. Results on the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up were not pooled due to significant heterogeneity.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review, however, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. We were unable to combine data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five trials aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant. In conclusion, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of treatments to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error.
This review found two studies involving 447 women with RhD negative women who received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this uncommon outcome. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. It appears that IM and IV administration of anti-D are equally effective. Anti-D can be administered by IM or IV injection.
This review found eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA trial which included patients who had multiple risk factors for CVD. Five trials compared clopidogrel compared to aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole. Three trials compared ticlopidine to placebo and did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences for all-cause mortality, vascular mortality or myocardial infarction. There were no data available from any of the trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for patients in diabetes, or costs.
We found 10 trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, one trial evaluated a six-week treatment and one a three-month intervention. Six trials (151 participants) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's primary outcome measures (quality of life). Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that airways clearance may be easier with non-insvasive ventilation and people with cystic fibrosis may prefer it. One trial, evaluating non-incognizant ventilation for night support, reported that a participant withdrew at the start of the trial due to pain on respiratory muscle testing. One study (27 participants) assessed non-implant ventilation for overnight ventilatory support compared to oxygen or room air using nasal masks (two trials) and nasal masks or full face masks (one trial). One trial (13 participants) reported on exercise capacity (interface used was unclear) and did not report on any of the study's primary outcomes. One case of pneumothorax (pulmonary exacerbations and disease progression) was reported in one participant, one participant developed a pneumothirax when breathing room air and two participants experienced aerophagia which resolved when inspiratory positive airway pressure was decreased. One participant experienced an improvement in lung function and quality of life when breathing, but the quality of sleep-disordered breathing was not reported in two participants. No clear differences were found between oxygen and room air except for exercise performance, which significantly improved with nonavasive ventilation compared to room air over six weeks. No difference in exercise capacity was found between the two treatment groups. The trial found no clear differences between nonaventilatory ventilation and no ventilation for any of our outcomes. The effect of NIV on exercise was unclear. The quality of the evidence for the effects of nasal masks on lung function, lung exchange, adherence to treatment and preference, and nocturnal transcutaneous carbon dioxide was also unclear. We were unable to find any evidence that NIV increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. These benefits have largely been demonstrated in single trial sessions with small numbers of participants.
This review found that NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable COPD had no consistent clinically or statistically significant effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, HRQoL, lung function, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. However, we cannot exclude an effect that is clinically significant (considering that the minimal clinically significant difference on 6MWD is around 26 m).
We found four trials, involving 1190 women, that compared induction of labour for women with suspected macrosomia to expectant management. We found no clear effect of induction on the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no strong evidence of any difference between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia; low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or low arterial cord blood pH (low blood pressure) or birthweight. There were no clear differences between the induction and control groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was considerable variation between studies for this outcome, but there was considerable heterogeneity between studies in this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the induction group. The effects of induction for women who have a suspected maternal-fetal birthweight were also unclear. The results from trials included in the review suggest that to prevent one fracture it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 women. Although some parents and doctors may feel the evidence already justifies induction, others may justifiably disagree. Further trials of induction shortly before term for pregnant women with a suspected fetal birthweight are needed. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses suspected of being macrosomic should be discussed with parents.
We found 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. Forty-eight trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted average of 4.4 years. Ninety-four trials reported no mortality, and nine trials reported mortality but did not report in which intervention group the mortality occurred. The remaining eight trials randomised 795 participants with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. The average proportion of women was 77%. Forty-nine trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The duration of treatment ranged from one year to five years. We found no significant differences in the effect of vitamin D on mortality in trials at low risk of bias compared with trials at high risk of systematic errors, of trials using placebo compared with no intervention in the control group; of trials with no risk of industry bias compared to trials with industry bias; and of trials including participants with vitamin D levels equal to or greater than 20 ng/mL at entry compared with those who had vitamin D insufficiency. The quality of the trials was high.
This review found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can achieve a modest reduction in weight over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common with orlista; tremor, somnolence and sweating with fluoxeine; and palpitations with sibuttramine. There is a paucity of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in persons with type 2 diabetes.
This review found five studies involving a total of 734 people with epilepsy. No differences were found between VGB and CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. Compared with CBZ, VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness. However, it was difficult to combine the results as originally planned, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those chosen for this review. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Two trials evaluated the addition of plerixafor to a G-CSF mobilisation regimen terminated early without publishing any outcome. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 patients with multiplemyeloma. In both trials, patients were randomised to receive either a placebo (dummy treatment) or a plafor-containing treatment (placebo). The trials were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of plaif. The evidence is current to May 2018. The review found no evidence to support the use of aplafor in the treatment of patients with metastatic myelomatosis. The quality of the evidence was high for the number of transplanted patients and the length of time to neutrophil and platelet engraftment in transplanted participants. However, the quality of life and progression-free survival were not reported. There was no evidence for a difference between patients receiving afor and patients receiving placebo in terms of the time taken for the platelet and white blood cell count to return to normal. There were no adverse events in patients receiving the pla for treatment group. In the multiple myloma study, 95.9% (142 participants) in the plerizafor arm and 88.3% (136 participants) underwent transplantation (remission) compared to 55.4% (82 participants in the placebo group. The results of the other two trials showed no evidence of a difference in the time to platelet or white blood cells returning to normal in patients who received afor treatment. There is currently insufficient evidence to determine whether the addition to a standard treatment regimen has an effect on survival or adverse events.
We found 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. Cones were better than no active treatment (rate ratio (RR) for failure to cure incontinence 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.76 to 0.94). There was little evidence of difference between cones and PFMT, or between cone and electrostimulation, but the confidence intervals were wide. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Seven of the trials recruited women with symptoms of symptoms of incongoinence, while the others required women with urodynamic stress acontinence, apart from one where the inclusion criteria were uncertain. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at economic outcomes.
We found 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that examined the effects of educational or behavioural interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety, depression, and depression compared with usual care. The effect of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care (2 trials, 721 participants, low-quality evidence). This review demonstrates that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of educational and behavioural interventions in TTR. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from AF patients.
This review found that PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries (including sustained release preparations) appear to be as effective as each other, small differences are detected between some outcomes, but these maybe due to chance. They increase the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, they increase uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart changes but do not effect or may reduce caesarean section rates. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain.
This review found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has similar effects to incubator care with regard to temperature control and weight gain. There were no statistically significant differences in weight gain between the two groups. However, the review also found no significant difference between the groups in terms of the number of infants who were breastfed on discharge from the hospital (three trials, 150 infants) or died prior to hospital discharge (four trials, 235 infants) but these results failed to reach statistical significance.
We found three studies, involving 146 participants. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low- to very low-quality evidence). However, we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the goldChain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. One study found no differences between the surgical techniques. We were unable to combine data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time. We found no difference between the two surgical techniques in any of the outcomes. Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of these outcomes. However, the quality of the evidence was low to very poor.
We found three trials, involving 244 women, that compared prostaglandins with placebo (a dummy pill) or no treatment. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The trials were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. There was no difference in the number of women who had a manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion, mean blood loss (mean difference (MD) -205.26 mL) and the mean time from injection to placental removal (MD -7.00 minutes). Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglanins. We did not find any data on maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We found six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP (for less ill babies) and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker babies). For this update, we included no new trials. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with a reduction in the risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) and mortality in preterm infants with respiratory distress. We found no difference in bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as oxygen dependency at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants), as well as no differences in outcome at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). Use of CDP as CPAP or CNP was associated with an increased risk of pneumothorax (a complication of breathing problems) and an increase in pneumothirax (an irregularity of the airway). We found that the use of CPAP as CNP may have an increased chance of pneumonia (a condition in which a baby's breathing problems are worsened by the breathing problems of the body) and a decrease in the need for ventilation. However, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess.
We found six studies involving 157 participants. The review found no evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes than other types of dressings. There was no statistically significant difference in the number of diabetic foot ulcer healed when foam dressings were compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings (RR 2.03, 95%CI 0.91 to 4.55). Pooled data from two studies comparing foam and alginate dressing found no difference in ulcer healing.
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 111 patients with obstructive chronic pancreatitis and dilated pancreatic duct. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. The trials showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher proportion of patients with pain relief, both at middle/long-term follow-up (two to five years: risk ratio (RR) 1.62, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.22 to 2.15) and long-term (≥ five years). Surgical treatment resulted in improved quality of life and improved preservation of exocrine pancreatic function, but not survival. No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. Morbidity and mortality seem not to differ between the two intervention modalities, but the small trials identified do not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome.
Only one trial was identified for inclusion in this review. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. Patients were randomised to early versus delayed post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) (n = 415) or delayed (washing to be retained for at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of normal bathing). The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection (SSI). There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of patients who developed SSIs between the two groups (857 patients). The proportions of patients in the early bathing group and the delayed bathing group were 8.5% and 8.8% respectively. There is currently no conclusive evidence from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early or delayed after-operative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications, as the confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in SSI by early post-operation bathing cannot be ruled out.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing prednisone with no treatment in 35 participants. The trial had a high risk of bias, but the quality of evidence was limited as it came from a single small study. There was little or no difference in number of participants who achieved remission, or change in disability or impairment after one year (moderate-quality evidence). Changes in grip strength or Medical Research Council (MRC) scores were similar between groups. Side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups, but with high-dose monthly oral dexamethasone moon facies was probably less common and sleeplessness may be less common than with oral prednisolone. The quality of the evidence from observational studies was very low, which means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. We found no important differences between face-to-face and remote asthma check-ups in terms of exacerbations, asthma control or quality of life. However, we could not say whether more people who had a remote check-up needed oral corticosteroids for an asthma exacerbation than those who were seen face to-face because the confidence intervals (CIs) were very wide (OR 1.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 7.44; 278 participants). One study compared the two types of checkup for oral steroid tapering in severe refractory asthma and we assessed it as a separate question. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes. There was no difference in asthma control measured by the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ) or in quality of Life measured on a scale of asthma severity or asthma control. There were no differences in asthma exacerbations or asthma severity between the remote and face toface groups. The larger implementation study that compared two general practice populations demonstrated that offering telephone check-ums and proactively phoning participants increased the number of people with asthma who received a review. However we do not know whether the additional participants who had an asthma checkup subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes.
This review of 16 studies with 212 patients found no evidence that exercise therapy can improve functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity or pain. Although the short-term effects look promising, the long-term effect of exercise therapy remains unclear.
We found 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients and seven with inpatients, and one with ICU patients). Evidence of low quality suggests that currently available antibiotics statistically significantly reduced the risk of treatment failure between seven days and one month after treatment initiation. Evidence of moderate quality does not show that currently used antibiotics have some effect on mortality or length of hospital stay, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure) and absent for other outcomes (mortality, length of stay in hospital). Analyses show a strong beneficial effect of antibiotics among patients admitted to the ICU, but trial results remain uncertain. In turn, the effect was statistically significant when trials included older antibiotics no longer in clinical use, while sparing antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit and for whom downsides of antibiotics (side effects, costs, and multi-resistance) are likely to occur.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) randomising 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) to whole grain versus lower whole grain or refined grain control groups. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. We found no studies on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported the effect of whole grain diets on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. Overall, we found no difference between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol (mean difference 0.07, 95% confidence interval -0.07 to 0.21; 722 participants; low-quality evidence). Using GRADE, we assessed the overall quality of the available evidence on cholesterol as low. Trials were at unclear or high risk of bias with small sample sizes and relatively short-term interventions. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with longer durations assessing cardiovascular events as well as cardiovascular risk factors.
This review found no evidence to support the use of a removable type of immobilisation to allow exercise during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. In 10 studies, the use combined with exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. However, it also led to a higher rate of mainly minor adverse events (49/201 versus 20/197). Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that a backslab improved ankle dorsiflexion range of motion compared with using a bandage. There is limited evidence that some electrotherapy modalities may be beneficial in the short term, but no evidence for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. There were no trials on what type of support or immobilisation was the best.
This review of trials found that a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. However, the number of children who missed doses was higher for children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen compared to children receiving a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase regimen. A second trial of caregiver medication diaries showed that the intervention group had fewer missed doses compared to the control group (85% vs. 92%, respectively), although this difference was not statistically significant (p=0.08). The intervention did not have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. A non-randomised trial of peer support group therapy for adolescents demonstrated no change in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage of children with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80%. The second non- randomised trial found that the percentage in children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children receiving an LPV regimen and children on an NNRTI-containing regimen. The third trial found no difference between the two treatment regimens in terms of adherence or viral load, but the proportion of children achieving virological suppression was significantly greater for children receiving the LPV regimens than for those on the NRTI regimens. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. No single intervention was evaluated by more than one trial.
This review found five studies with a total of696 participants. Oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative pain, based on limited data for at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours. No serious adverse events or adverse event withdrawals were reported in these studies.
This review found six trials involving 857 women. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Two trials included women having surgery for prolapse and compared PFMT as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone (n = 118 women). PFMT plus surgery versus control The review found that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse symptoms and severity by 17% compared to no PFMT. The largest trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency and bother with symptoms in the PFMT group compared to the control group. Two out of three trials which measured urinary outcomes (urodynamics (frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups in favour of PFMT groups. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no difference in symptom score change between groups, whilst the other found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the PAMT group. Pelvic floor muscle function findings differed between the trials: one found no significant difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst another found a benefit for PFMT on terms of stronger muscles.
Fourteen trials (1,724 analysed participants or ears) were included in this review. Topical quinolone antibiotics can clear aural discharge better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics; non-quinolone antibiotic effects (without steroids) versus no drug or antiseptic treatment are less clear. However, the quality of the trials was generally poor, follow-up usually short, handling of bilateral disease inconsistent.
We found 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have schizophrenia as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will consider to have schizophrenia, could be prematurely discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of fRS to diagnosis schizophrenia. However, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available - a situation which applies to the initial screening of most people with schizophrenia. FRS remain a simple, quick and useful clinical indicator for an illness of enormous clinical variability.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of which 5 were new to this update; all interventions were added to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychological study. All interventions were delivered to children aged 8 to 12 years. The studies were conducted in primary and secondary care settings. The average age of children in the intervention groups was 3 months to 7 years, and the average age in the control groups was 6.7 to 11.2 years. There was a significant reduction in the severity of eczema severity, quality of life, psychological distress, and cost-effectiveness of the interventions. However, the quality of the evidence was limited by the small number of studies and the lack of rigorously designed trials provided limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational and psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic dermatitis in children. There is a need for comparison of educational interventions with stand-alone psychosocial self-help.
This review found 14 trials with a total of753 people with LRTI. There was some moderate quality evidence that HBOT was more likely to achieve mucosal coverage with osteoradionecrosis (ORN) (ORN) and a significantly increased chance of healing irradiated tooth sockets following dental extraction. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. The use of HBOT to selected participants and tissues may be justified. However, there was no evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. These trials did not report adverse events.
We found 10 randomised trials involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section and vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. There is high quality evidence that using blunt needles appreciably reduces the risk of exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, so the quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of triffluoperazine and low-Potency or standard antipsychotics.
We found nine randomised trials including 593 preterm infants in total. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm babies in the transition phase from intragastric tube to oral feeding. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. Some (low quality) evidence exists that feeding infants fed in response to feeding and satiation cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included trials. The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation.
This review found two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants. One trial with 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo (mean difference 0.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.11, P < 0.001). No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. A second trial with 18 participants showed no difference (P non-significant) in ABI in patients who received a multivitamin B supplement (mean ± SEM: 0.7 ± 01, P = 0.8 ± 0.1) or placebo. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies with a total of 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. However, the study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods.
We found 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving over 17,000 women and their babies. The evidence for a 14% relative reduction in preterm birth for zinc compared with placebo was primarily represented by trials involving women of low income and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality. There was no convincing evidence that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in other useful and important benefits. Since the preterm association could well reflect poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in impoverished areas, rather than focusing on micronutrient and zinc supplementation in isolation, should be an urgent priority.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1656 participants. All trials used probiotics as an add-on therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure (one month after treatment). Probiotics use does not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. Probiotic use did not increase the number of serious adverse effects. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We found seven trials involving 696 women. The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. We found that oral progestogen compared to placebo or no treatment probably reduces the risk of miscarriage, but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm birth. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The evidence on congenital abnormalities is uncertain, because the quality of the evidence for this outcome was based on only two small trials with very few events and was found to be very low quality.
This review found a large number of trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. Three trials were conducted in the USA, one trial in the UK and one trial was conducted in Japan. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic retinaopathy; one trial recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinitis. The trials were carried out many years ago, after which panretinal treatment has become the mainstay of treatment of proliferative diabetes retinomy. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that laser photocompression reduced the risk of developing retinal damage by over 50% in people with retina damage. There was a beneficial effect on progression of retina disease with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction in risk of progression of diabetes disease. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low, depending on the outcome. We judged the evidence to be of moderate to low quality, mainly due to the small number of studies and the fact that most of the studies were at risk of bias.
We found two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. We found that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation. However, the quality of the evidence was low or very low. There was no difference in mortality or length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). There was insufficient evidence to be certain that the intervention had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections.
We found four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing pain relief were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analysis. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). With regard to the primary outcomes, women receiving a single dose (diazepam) for forceps delivery in one small trial were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective when compared with women receiving another agent (vinydanether). In a further small trial, no significant difference was seen in the number of women who judged pain relief to be effective when diazam was compared with ketamine. No significant differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal mortality or serious morbidity.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. There was some evidence that yoga may improve quality of life, improve symptoms, and reduce medication usage in people with asthma. No serious adverse events associated with yoga were reported, but the data on this outcome was limited. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage.
We found 10 trials (249 participants) using different treatment regimens. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Seven trials assessed a single agent (interferon beta-1a) and one trial of methotrexate (MTX) provided moderate-quality evidence that MTX did not arrest or slow disease progression, based on reported percentage change in manual muscle strength sum scores at 12 months. A single trial of anti-T lymphocyte immunoglobulin (ATG) combined with MTX versus MTX provided very low quality evidence of having no effect on the progression of IBM. A complete analysis of the effects of arimoclomol is pending data publication. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing.
This review found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 3144 people with SSTIs caused by MRSA. We found that linezolid was more effective than vancomycin in clinical cure rates and microbiological cure rates in adults. However, more people reported thrombocytopenia, pruritus, nausea, and nausea when treated with the drug. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two treatments. The average length of stay in hospital was three days shorter with the use of Linezolid. It seems, from the available data, that length of hospital stay was shorter for those in the linezirl group than for those receiving a placebo. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral treatment than with intravenous treatment. Thus, total hospital charges per patient were less. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes the drug (linezolid). Further well-designed, independently-funded trials are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We found eight randomised trials with a total of 512 participants. We found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. Furthermore, we noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion (MD -0.47 units, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.26 to 1.54; P = 0.32) showed no significant differences, except of delayed gastric emptication, which significantly favoured CW.
This review found six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants. The effect of nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage shows a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We found four randomised trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (11.54%) in the immediate defibrillillation group. When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year, we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. We have also been unable to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA.
The review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF.
This review includes 21 additional studies, with a total of 53 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) included. We found that family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations of people with schizophrenia, clinicians and policy makers. Family intervention may also reduce hospital admission and encourage compliance with medication, but it does not seem to affect the tendency of individuals/families to leave care. Family treatment also seems to improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality. Further trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings.
We found three trials involving 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. The trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. Two companies manufactured the drugs (Eurocor, Bonn, Germany; Medtronic, Fridley, Minnesota, USA). The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. We found no difference in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty. However, the certainty of evidence for all these outcomes is very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We found seven trials consisting of 922 children with KD. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. We found that steroids reduced the incidence of coronary artery abnormalities, length of hospital stay and the duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash) and length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ICU) of KD. However, we also found that steroid use may have an effect on the occurrence of serious adverse events, mortality and time for laboratory parameters to normalise. Evidence was considered to be of high quality. Evidence showed some potential groups that may benefit more than others; however, further randomised controlled trials are required before this can be the basis for clinical action.
We found eight studies involving 846 women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. Four studies compared PIP with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. We found no differences between PIP and control groups in any of the remaining primary outcomes (e.g. maternal sensitivity, child involvement and parent engagement; infant attachment category (secure, avoidant, disorganised, resistant); attachment change (insecure to secure, stable secure, secure to insecure, stable insecure); infant behaviour and development); infant cognitive development; infant behaviour or development; or infant behaviours or development. There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants securely attached at post-intervention (low or very low quality evidence); a reduction in the number of infants with an avoidant attachment style (low quality evidence) and an increase in the percentage of infants who moved from insecure to secure attachment at the end of the intervention (moderate quality evidence). The results favoured neither PIP nor control for incidence of parental depression or parent-reported levels of depression. The quality of the evidence was low to very low.
We found one new included study in this updated version. We found 11 trials (with 753 women). The review found no convincing evidence that giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence.
We found twelve studies involving 2196 participants. We found that reminder packing increased the percentage of pills taken (mean difference (MD) 11% (95% confidence interval (CI) 6% to 17%) in patients with selected conditions. However, we found no effect of reminder packaging on blood pressure or blood pressure pressure measurements. We also found no evidence that reminder packaging had an effect on serum vitamin C and E levels, and self-reported psychological symptoms (one trial each). One study found that the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels.
We found 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We found 52 studies involving 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. We found that cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosfamide, radiation therapy involving the kidney region, nephrectomy, or any combination of these, ranged from 0% to 84% depending on the study population, received treatment combination, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. The frequency of adverse renal effects ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of these 52 studies, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) GFR, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in 0% and 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found a decreased risk of kidney disease, which ranged from 1.4 to 32.5% in 244 participants, and a decrease in the risk of chronic kidney disease in 287 participants in 246 participants. The risk of renal disease ranged from a decrease of 1.8% to 36.5%. The number of participants who developed a high body mass index (a measure of blood pressure) ranged from an increase to an increase of hypertension in 2464 participants (30/52 studies). The risk factors were abdominal radiotherapy and TBI, but studies were inconsistent. Three non-related risk factors showed that a higher body weight index led to a higher risk of hypertension. Carboplatin (a blood pressure, which is a measure of kidney function) was associated with a decreased GFR. One non-certainty study reported a decreased blood pressure in 246 patients in 246 CCS. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low.
This review found two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan® and Ciklavit®) that have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cell disease. No serious adverse effects were reported. However, the quality of the evidence was low.
We found three studies involving 1999 participants. The trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy or standard treatment with standard radiotherapy. We found moderate-quality evidence that PFS was shorter in individuals with early-stage HL and a negative PET scan receiving chemotherapy only, than in those receiving additional radiotherapy (standard therapy). However, the quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of participants in the trials and the fact that the trials were not well-reported. No data on survival, response rate, TRM, QoL, or short- and long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. One study was published in abstract form only; hence, detailed assessment of the risk of bias was not possible. The study design of the third trial was more complex. The 519 excluded participants were either PET-positive, or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. It is still uncertain whether PET-based treatment adaptation and the effect of such an approach in those with advanced HL.
We found 31 trials that met the inclusion criteria. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs) with a placebo, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences from levonorgestrel COC’s were inconsistent. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. Many of the earlier studies had limited reporting of methods. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. We cannot make strong statements due to having few studies that compared the same types of contraceptives.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 515 people with symptomatic hip OA (419 participants). These trials showed that land-based therapeutic exercise programmes can reduce pain and improve physical function among people with hip or knee OA. Pain and physical function were reduced by an average of 8 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) in the control group. Pain was sustained for at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment. Quality of life was improved by a mean of 7 points (95% confidence interval (CI) 1 to 12 points). Pain was also sustained for a period of at least 3 to 6 months after stopping monitored treatment (5 RCTs, 367 participants). Pain and quality of life were also improved for people with symptoms of hip or shoulder OA by an equivalent of 7. Physical function was improved for a mean score of 50 points (standard deviation (SD)) in the general population (10) in people who received exercise compared with those who received a control group (10 points) and by 0 points (13 points) for people who did not receive exercise (10). The improvement in physical function was sustained in people receiving exercise compared to those not receiving exercise (12 points) in a range of 0 to 100 points (0 to 13 points) on a scale of pain intensity (0.0 to 0.0. Pain intensity was reduced by 8 points in the exercise group and improved physical function by 7 points. Pain severity was also reduced by a number of points (8 points) compared with a number needed to treat for an additional 8 points (NNTB 6). Pain severity in the treatment group was also improved by an equal number of NNTB 6 points (NNTB 4 to 12). Pain intensity in the group receiving exercise was also increased by an estimated 24 points (24 points on an 0- and 100 point scale (10 to 24 points) when compared with the control treatment group (13 to 13) and improvement translated to an improvement of 24 points on the 0- or 100-points scale (24 to 13). Quality of Life was improved in the study group by 0.5 points (10 scores on a norm-based average of 50 to 10) in those receiving exercise and 0.7 points (12 to 13 scores) for those receiving control treatment (10 studies, 419 participants). Quality was improved to an average score of 0.8 points (14 to 10 scores) in participants receiving exercise in the intervention group and 0 to 12 scores in those participants receiving a control treatment with no exercise treatment (7 studies, 715 participants). There was no significant difference in pain or physical function outcomes compared with five studies, 130 participants. Pain were sustained for an average period of three months after the end of treatment (five studies, 391 participants) and the improvement in pain intensity in pain severity was sustained after stopping monitoring treatment (three studies, 183 participants). The reduction in pain was sustained up to three months (five trials, 367 people) and a sustained reduction of pain severity (8 to 100 scores) of 8 to 12 score points (7 points) after stopping treatment. The quality of the evidence was rated as high for pain intensity and improvement in function. However, the results may be vulnerable to bias as none of the trials were able to blind participants to treatment allocation.
This review found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. However, there is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials.
Only one trial including 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic) or delayed (mean waiting period of 4.2 months) contributed information to this review. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. The other outcomes were available for 28 participants (28 participants) in an early group and 35 participants (35 participants). The trial did not report quality of life or return to work. The trial had a high risk of bias. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis, empyema of the gallbladder (n = 1), gallbladders perforation, acute choleicystitis, obstructive jaundice, and recurrent bile colic (requiring hospital visits) (N = 5). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of the participants were operated on within 24 hours of diagnosis. All the participants had a hospital stay of 14 minutes. The proportion of people who developed serious adverse events was 0/28 (0%), which was significantly lower than the number of participants who required conversion to open operation (P = 0.0082). This trial reported no major complications related to the surgery. There was a statistically significant shorter hospital stay (14 minutes) and operating time (MD -14.80 minutes) for the early and delayed groups. The trials were of poor quality.
This review found that long term antibiotic prophylaxis decreases the risk of SSI compared with short-term antibiotic treatment. However, there is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short term antibiotics compared with a single dose. No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of these trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another.
We found only one small trial involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was too small to detect clinically important outcome differences between the two policies. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for infants with gastroschisis. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week. All used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). All studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and small size. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; patients with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference in pain relief, quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. There was no convincing evidence to support or refute the use of par acetamol alone or in combination with opioids for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. It is not clear whether any additional analgesic benefit could be detected in the available studies, in view of the doses of opioids used.
This review found 15 randomised trials, 14 were conducted in China and 14 in hospitals. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) were the most commonly evaluated drugs. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. The Chinese medicine suo quo wan (comprises spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) showed benefit over placebo. Adverse effects were poorly recorded. Of the other interventions, oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract) showed a benefit over the antimuscarinic doxepin in terms of 'no clinically important change' (no improvement in improvement in quality of life) but the doses of astemizole used were those that can cause toxicity. There are currently insufficient data to confidently inform clinical practice. The limitations of these studies are plentiful and the risk of bias is high.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 195 participants with MS. Two RCTs investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three trials compared expiratory muscle strength training with no active control or sham training; and one RCT, regular breathing exercises. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. It was not possible to perform a meta-analysis for adverse events, no serious adverse were mentioned in any of the included trials. However, the quality of the evidence for quality of life was low.
This review found only one randomised clinical trial with a total of 38 pregnant women (41 pregnancies) that compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication for treating ITP during pregnancy. This trial found no significant difference in the risk of thrombocytopenia and neonatal bleeding between the mother and her baby. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and newborn bleeding were not studied by this trial.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. The studies were funded by the manufacturer of the operation or the surgeon who performed the operation. We found no evidence to support a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. One participant had interface neovascularisation (a proliferation of blood vessels where the host and donor cornea come together) and one had wrinkling of Descemet's membrane, the basement membrane separating the corneal stroma from the corneaal endothelium. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were reported with similar frequency. For both types of surgery, these included postoperative ocular hypertension and persistent epithelial defects. In recipients of DALK, one participant had an atonic pupil, a condition in which the pupil dilates and is non-reactive. DALK was unable to be completed as planned in four cases and in a further three cases, complications during dissection required further intervention. One case of graft failure was reported in a penetrating ker atoplasty was reported. A single case of a graft failure in penetrating kerataloplasty case was also reported. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate.
We found 67 trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women; the number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with endpoint haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of treatment compared to women receiving control (moderate quality evidence). Women taking iron had a lower risk of anaemia and iron deficiency (high quality evidence) than women receiving no treatment. Women who took iron had an increased risk of abdominal pain (diarrhoea) among women randomised to iron. Seven trials recruiting 901 women reported on 'any side effect' and did not identify an overall increased prevalence of side effects from iron supplements. Seven studies recruiting 1190 women reported no side effects. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of an increase in nausea or constipation. Five studies recruiting 521 women identified an increased frequency of gastrointestinal side effects in women taking iron (low quality evidence), including an increased number of stools and constipation, and abdominal pain among women given iron. Six studies recruiting 604 women reported an increased incidence of loose stools/diarrheaa (high-quality evidence). Eight studies enrolling 1036 women identified a significant increase in abdominal pain, constipation and abdominal discomfort among women receiving iron (moderate to high quality evidence. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be meta-analysed and individual studies reported conflicting results.
This review found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. There was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment over irinotecan alone, thus both regimens remain reasonable options in treating patients with advanced or metastatic CRC. However, this result may have been driven by findings from the single first-line treatment setting study. The quality of evidence for overall survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment.
This review found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). However, this finding is based on a small number of studies and there was no difference in other early or late complications and recovery times were similar although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 9981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The average age of participants ranged from 32.0 and 43.7 years. The studies were carried out in the UK and the USA. Five of the nine studies were funded by the manufacturer of the treatment, and four studies were sponsored by a pharmaceutical company. In MBR compared to usual care, people with subacute LBP who receive MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work (three studies with 170 participants) and fewer sick leave days (two studies with 210 participants). However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain or disability, functional disability, time away from work, and time spent in hospital. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low to very low, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. The quality of the evidence was rated as low or very low.
We found 18 trials reporting on 4843 men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. Bisphosphonates resulted in a pain response in 40 more men per 1000 (19 fewer to 114 more). We found no clear difference in the proportion of men with pain response between the two treatments. We also found no difference in mortality between the treatment groups. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate for pain response and progression of prostate cancer, progression of breast cancer, osteonecrosis of the jaw, renal adverse events, kidney adverse events and renal complications. However, the quality of this evidence was limited by the small number of men included in the trials and the fact that most of the trials were conducted in men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1093 patients. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. We found that HDT + ASCT is advantageous in patients with relapsed patients with FL. However, this effect is not transferred into a statistically significant survival advantage. There was no difference between HDT plus ASCT and the control group in terms of progression of survival, progression of the disease or progression of metastatic breast cancer or solid cancers. Adverse effects were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT+ ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity).
We found 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) comparing WDD with placebo or no treatment for schizophrenia. WDD was compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, no difference in short-term global state of participants was observed. However, WDD may have some positive effects on global or mental state, mental state and quality of life, but WDD is associated with fewer side effects. The combination of WDD and antipsychotics may have a positive effect on global and mental state (short-term results, 6 trials, 684 participants). However, the combination caused fewer adverse effects. When WDD plus low-dose antipsychosis was compared to normal-dummy antipsychophotic alone, it showed benefits for short- term global state and mental status. However WDD had no effect on weight gain or hospital service use. When combined with an antipsychiral, positive effects were found for global state (long-term total endpoint PANSS: 5 trials, 522 participants) and reduced the use of risperiridone (long term total endpoint PANSS: 4 trials, 250 participants). The combination caused a reduction in use of EPS and reduction of the average use of RAS and RAS, but there was no difference between the two groups. The quality of the evidence for WDD for schizophrenia was low or unclear. The available evidence is not high quality.
We found three new studies (228 participants), bringing the total to 12 studies with 799 participants. The review assessed six comparisons: 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment or pain between multistrand Stainless steel and thermoelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). Pain was not measured. There was only one study (24 participants) in the group. 2. Conventional NiTi versus conventional NiTi crown wires. It was not possible to combine the results of the studies to show whether there was a difference between conventional and supererelastic crown wires with regard to either alignment and pain. Pain was measured at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale (a measure of tooth movement). There was no meaningful difference between the interventions. Pain were not measured in any of the trials. 3. Single-strand tooth wires of coaxial superellastic nickel titanium can produce greater tooth movement over 12 weeks than arch wires made of single-stranded suoprelastic NickelTitanium. There are no adverse effects of any particular type of arch wire material in terms of alignment, pain or pain. Other than these findings, there is not enough evidence to decide whether any particular particular type or material is superior to any other than conventional or substandard.
This review includes only one study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes, but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) 12-item scale, and the Observation Scale (OS). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and mean scores (evaluable items (rated on the same 7-point scales) divided by the theoretical total number of items) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items); Verbally Non- Aggressive Behavior (four items); Physically Aggressive Beh behaviour (nine items), such as hitting (nine Items); and Verbally Aggressivebehaviour (three items). There was no difference in change scores between groups by the end of the study. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores. Four of the five CMAIs scales improved in the intervention group (Global: change mean difference (MD) −5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.59 to −1.79) and Physically non-aggressive: change MD −0.32 points, 0.44 points, 5.16 points, 3.16 point, 3 points, 4 points, 6 points, 7 points, 8 points, 10 points, 11 points, 12 points, 13 points, 14 points, 15 points, 16 points, 17 points, 18 points, 19 points, 20 points, 24 points, 21 points, 22 points, 23 points, 25 points, 1 point, 1.0, 2.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 9, 12, 13, 14, 20, 12 or 14, 14 or 17, 14 and 14, 15, 17, 18, 19, 17 or 18, 18 or 19, 19 or 20, 20 or 22, 22 or 20 or 17 or 24, 24 or 23, 23 or 24 or 24). The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research is urgently needed.
We found 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. One trial compared frequencies of application of topical products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. The first trial showed that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD (primary outcomes of this review). The second trial indicated that a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties, might be more effective than soap or water (moderate quality evidence). The third trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. No trial reported the number of participants who were not satisfied or on side effects. The evidence in this review is current up to 28 September 2016.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two trials. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The antiviral agents in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir (an antiviral agent) and valacycloviral. The type of antiviral, administration route, and treatment duration varied between the trials. The quality of evidence was graded as very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There was a reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the antiviral treatment group, but this improvement may be of limited clinical significance. There were no statistically significant differences between treatment and control groups. The number of patients who developed lymphadenopathy was reduced by nine days in favour of the treatment group. However, the quality of the evidence of these results is very low and may not be clinically meaningful. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine for targeting hyperglycaemia. There was no significant difference in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia between treatment groups. However, to achieve the same glycaemic control, the use of insulin glagine resulted in a lower daily basal insulin dose and a lower number of injection site reactions. There were no significant differences in the variability of FPG or glucose values in 24-hour profiles between the treatment groups, nor in quality of life, costs or mortality. The results showed no differences in overall or severe low blood glucose levels between the two groups. Insulin detemiral was injected once-daily in the evening with the option of an additional dose in the morning in three studies and initiated twice-daily, while insulin glurgine was injected twice-a-day, with somewhat fewer injection site side effects. However there was no difference in the number of injections site reactions between the groups.
This review found six trials and two parallel group trials. Six trials assessed the effects of SNS for FI. In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe FI in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of faecal incontinence compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy (mean difference (MD) −5.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months). Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the crossover trial by Leroi 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to complications or immediate device failure. Four of 27 participants experienced an adverse event resulting in removal of the stimulator. No adverse events occurred. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning with 59 participants, SNS did not improve frequency of bowel movements and 73 adverse events, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound wound (1) and pain at stimulator site (1). Neither study reported adverse events.
This review found two well-designed and low risk of bias trials (n = 190 participants) which showed that the failure of molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or light-Cured adhesive was considerably higher with molar bands cemented with glass ionomer cement. However, given there are limited data for this outcome, further evidence is required to draw more robust conclusions.
We found 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible according to the inclusion criteria. We found that the accuracy of EUS might be considered clinically useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with gastric carcinoma. However, the quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of bias (that is, there was a possibility of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) and two studies presented an increased risk of selection bias (a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was done). We also found that EUS can be considered a diagnostic tool that can be used in routine clinical practice.
We found six trials involving 492 women undergoing day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay laparoscectomy for symptomatic gallstones. The number of women in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The average or median age in the trials varied between 40 and 47 years. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials, 391 women). There were no deaths in either of the groups. No significant difference was seen in hospital readmission rate (failure to be discharged as planned) or in the proportion of women requiring hospital readmissions (3 trials, 290 women) or hospital stay time (5 trials, 419 women). No major differences were seen in quality of life (time to return to normal activity or return to work) or the number of people requiring hospital stay. No major difference was found between the groups in the number who had a hospital stay of at least five days. No serious adverse effects were reported in either group. No differences were found in the percentage of women who had failed discharge from the hospital or the length of hospital stay in the day-surgery group or the time spent in hospital in the overnight stay surgery group. The trials were at high risk of bias (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance).
We found eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. We found that high-concentration topical capsaicin used to treat pain after herpetic neuralgia, HIV-neuropathy, and painful diabetic neuropathy resulted in more participants with moderate or substantial pain relief than control treatment using a much lower concentration of Capsaicin. The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did obtain high levels of pain relief, there were usually additional improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Serious adverse events were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than control. Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common in control than active treatment, based on small numbers of events. One small study of 46 participants with persistent pain following inguinal herniorrhaphy did not show a difference in pain relief for pain reduction (very low quality evidence). We found one study (369 participants). It reported about 10% more participants who were much or very much improved at 8 and 12 weeks. One study reported the proportion of participants who had pain relief of at least 30% and at least 50% over a 2 to 8-week and 12-week period (moderate quality evidence), with an NNT of 10 and 12. For painful painful HIV-related painful neuropathy, we found two studies (801 participants). One study (337 participants) reported pain relief over a period of 2 to at least 2 to 12 weeks (moderate or severe pain relief) of about 30% with capsaicinsaicin (moderate/severe pain relief). For pain relief after painful painful painful diabetic nerve damage, we identified one study with a total of 571 participants. It reported a reduction in pain severity of pain intensity of about 2 to 10% over an 8 to 12 week period, with NNT values between 10 to 12. The quality of the evidence for pain relief was moderate or very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and participants.
We found three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We found no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis (1746, risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 2.01), had no significant effect in people with 30% to 49% stents without near-occlusion (N = 1429, RR 0.93, 0.62 to 1.38), and was highly beneficial for those with 70% to 99% states without near toocclusion. However, there was no evidence of benefit in people who had near-occclusion. We concluded that surgery may be of some benefit for participants with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis, and highly beneficial in those who had 70% or 99% sepsis without nearclusion (moderate-quality evidence).
We found 10 retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants, that compared one of the studied stoma formation techniques over the other. We found inconsistent results between the two compared interventions regarding their potential to prevent parastomal herniation. None of the included studies measured other stoma-related morbidity or mortality. One study also measured quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. The evidence is current to May 2018.
We found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. The quality of the evidence was very low. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation, hospitalisation and general mental state, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies, but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low quality. Further research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
This review found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 people with moderate or severe cancer pain. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size; none was unequivocally at low risk for bias. None had a placebo only control; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with an opioid or opioid combination, and one both. None compared an opioid plus opioid with the same dose of opioid alone. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or one NSAID plus another NSAID. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
This review found two studies comprising 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group (P < 0.01, analysis of variance (ANOVA)) and additionally at day 4. Pain severity was reduced by an average of 4.98 days (95% confidence interval -5.48 to -4.48). Pain severity at one day was reduced in favour of the dalteparin group. Pain intensity at two and three was also reduced by a mean of 0.78 days (0.94 to -1.62). Pain intensity was also decreased by 0.30 days (1.30 to 1.00) in the zinc-like heparin group. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events, and none were reported in the dummy group. The quality of evidence for pain severity, pain intensity and hospitalisation days were very low, mainly due to the small number of participants and imprecision of the results.
We found no randomised trials that directly compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs and the reported non-randomised studies did not show any evidence of a significant difference between the two.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2066 patients. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-containing dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We found 12 studies with 3571 participants. All studies examined the use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between carbapenem and combination therapy (N = 4; odds ratio (OR) monotherapy versus combination 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 1.30), clinical cure, length of stay in intensive care unit (MD) (mean difference (MD" 0.65 to 0.23) or adverse events. We downgraded the quality of evidence for mortality, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. We did not find a difference between combination therapy and single antibiotic therapies for the cure of VAP. However, this is the largest trial comparing one antibiotic regimen to another for VAP and contributes further evidence to the safety of using effective monotherapy for the empiric treatment of patients who have a VAP infection.
We found 29 studies (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. The review found that restricting the use of drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards. Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. However, policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects.
We found 19 studies with a total of 4232 participants. The studies assessed a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. The quality of the evidence was very low. There was no high-quality evidence to support any specific one-to-one OHA method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method.
This review found five small trials involving 49 participants. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) compared oral steroids with placebo (dummy pill) or no treatment. One trial (28 participants) tested oral or intraarticular steroids; and another trial (32 participants) used manipulation under anaesthesia and a steroid injection with or without oral steroids. Trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. There were minimal adverse effects reported. Oral steroids provide significant short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis, but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks.
This review found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 people with ALS. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen in the ALSFRS scores and manual muscle testing (MMT) scores in this trial. No adverse effects were reported. However, the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition further increased the risk of bias.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids (clobetasol) with a milder regimen (one trial), for prednisolone plus azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil plus plasma exchange, or for tetracycline plus nicotinamide compared with prednisone. There was no difference in disease control at 6 months. In one trial, plasma exchange (a drug that stimulates the production of a blood clot in the brain) plus steroid treatment resulted in significantly better disease control in people with extensive and moderate disease, with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events (RR 1.06, 95% CI 1.97 to 1.03) in one trial. In another trial, clobetsasol showed significantly more disease control than oral steroid treatment, with mortality and side effects significantly reduced. Chinese traditional medicine (a type of Chinese medicine) plus steroidsone was not effective. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens are safe and effective in moderate BP.
This review found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, positive findings from less rigorous trials should be interpreted with caution due to inadequate methodology, small sample sizes, and lack of confirming data.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis to prevent pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 women, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG), LNG in doses other than 0.75 mg (4 trials), and hormones other than LNG (7 trials). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. Most women liked the pericoital method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not studied extensively.
This review found 15 studies with 561 patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. There was strong evidence that reinforcement of anchorage was more effective with surgical anchorage than conventional anchorage, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. This result should be interpreted with some caution, however, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this comparison.
We found 50 studies involving 45,285 people with CKD. We found that statins have an important role in primary prevention of cardiovascular events and mortality in people who have CKD who did not have CVD at baseline (primary prevention). Statins consistently reduce death and major cardiovascular events by 20% in CKD not requiring dialysis. Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood.
We found nine trials with 379 children aged 2 to 19 years of age. Pain was a secondary outcome in five of the eight identified studies. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the OI trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. No adverse events were reported in this trial. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received alendromate. The adverse events in the BoNTA trials mostly involved those who were given the intervention drug and involved seizures. In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. The trials were small and of mixed quality.
We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were identified. We found that there was no effect of latrepirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. However, the evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there is no effect on cognition or function in AD patients. There was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit of latropirdine compared to placebo on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoint (26 or 52 weeks). However, this finding is limited by the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and likelihood of bias. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality.
We found seven trials, involving 735 participants, that assessed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stents. There was no significant difference between RIC and non-RIC for improving the psychological impairment and the cognitive impairment. Adverse events associated with RIC were significantly higher in participants treated with rIC, but no severe adverse event was attributable to RIC treatment. No trial reported death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment, and RIC associated adverse events.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. We found that protein supplementation of human milk, fed to preterm babies, increased short-term growth, length of stay in hospital, body weight, body mass index, body composition, cardio-metabolic, and neurodevelopmental outcomes. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups (triceps MD 0.06 mm/wk, 95% CI –0.09 to 0.21; one RCT, 20 infants; or subscapularMD 0.00 mm/week). There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on length of hospital stay, feeding intolerance, and necrotizing enterocolitis. Very low-quality evidence did not show that protein supplements clearly increased the risk of feeding intolerance (nausea intolerance), or necrotizinosis, or clearly altered serum albumin concentrations (albumin concentrations) compared with the unsuppulent groups. However, the small sample sizes, low precision, and very low-risk of bias prevented any conclusions about these outcomes.
The review includes 45 studies: 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and 31 ITS studies. The review found that PEMs may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. Based on seven RCTs and 54 outcomes, the median absolute risk difference in categorical practice outcomes was 0.02. The average improvement in standardised average difference for continuous profession practice outcomes (CPA outcomes) was -0.13 when PEM’s were compared to no intervention. In addition, we re-analysed 54 outcomes from 25 ITS studies, using time series regression and observed statistically significant improvement in CPA outcomes (standardised median change in level or in slope in 27 outcomes) after PEM dissemination. We could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect of PEM on patient outcomes, and clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known.
This review found 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 5271 young women. Most were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning). The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills (such as communication), occasionally supplemented with provision of resources. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. There were no statistically significant effects of abstinence from or reducing sexual activity. There was no significant difference between abstinence or reducing condom use, rates of STI infection and progression to cervical cancer. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. Studies should use an RCT design where possible with integral process evaluation and cost-effectiveness analysis where appropriate.
We found twenty studies with a total of 2337 men and women. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in the short term (n = 62, 1 RCT, MD -13.68 CI -14.85 to -12.09) and long term (N = 386, 2 RCTs, RR 1.19, CI 0.83 to 1.54, low quality evidence). Compliance with medication was similar between the two groups, but not in the long term. Relapse rates were significantly lower amongst participants receiving brief psychologicaleducation than those receiving routine care in the medium term, but this finding is based on mainly low to very low-quality evidence from a limited number of studies. Short-term improvement in mental state and compliance with medication were also improved in the brief-education group. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were improved in those receiving short-term treatment. However, the quality of the evidence was low or very low.
We found 11 studies involving 9839 people with COPD. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. One study was sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risks of bias, and possible selective reporting. All but one study were sponsored by drug companies, so we rated the quality of the evidence as low or moderate. We found that LAMA+LABA has fewer exacerbations, a larger improvement of FEV1, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 units or more of the SGRQ. These findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance.
We found three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. All children were discharged from the emergency department, but information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments was not reported. We found no new trials for this update. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen administered for 20 minutes. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes (mean difference (MD) -0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.36 to 0.70). There may have little or no difference overall using repeated measures analysis. Children treated with heliox may have slightly improve croup scores at 90 minutes postintervention, but may have no difference at 120 minutes (MD -1.10, 1.96 to -5.41). We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to open-label design. The studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not combine the available data because each comparison included data from only one study. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review found eight studies set in primary (four), secondary (one) and tertiary care (accident and emergency = three) in patients with LBP. The review found that a combination of a small subset of red flags may be useful to screen for vertebral fracture. However, it is important to note that many red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with lBP.
This review found two randomised trials involving 210 adult men with urethral stricture disease. One trial compared the outcomes of surgical dilatation and optical urethrotomy in 210 men with a total of 210 men who had suffered a pelvic fracture of the posterior urethra following pelvic fracture injury. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. In the first six months after surgery, men were more likely to require further surgery in men treated by surgery to remove the urethroplasty. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men initially treated with surgery required continued self-dilatation or further surgery for stricture recurrence compared to 6 of 25 men (24%) treated by primary surgery. There were insufficient data to perform meta-analysis or to reliably determine effect size.
The review of trials found that intermittent and daily ICS strategies were similarly effective in the use of rescue oral corticosteroids and the rate of severe adverse health events. There was no significant difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacerbations requiring oral steroids (1204 patients) in the intermittent ICS group. However, there was a modest growth suppression in children who received intermittent, inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone. The quality of the evidence was low.
We found 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with chronic kidney failure. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. Dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. A Mediterranean diet lowered blood pressure and blood pressure levels by a mean of 9.26 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure (a measure of blood pressure) compared to a control diet. Dietary treatments may increase health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure, cholesterol and blood cholesterol levels. However, the certainty of these findings is very low and further research is required.
Only one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months) met the eligibility criteria for inclusion in this review. Participants were randomised into three groups: nebulised salbutamol (a steroid drug), nebulized saline and mist in a tent. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. The results showed a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score in the nebulisation salbutamicol group, but no significant difference in the RDS score between the treatment groups in the mist in an tent or nebulise saline groups. Since only one study was analysed it would be misleading to conclude that mist therapy is ineffective in children with bronchiolitis.
We found four studies involving 1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years. All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE). There was no difference in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. We found no studies assessing the role of statins in treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
This review found four studies involving 149 participants. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. While a daily dose of prednisone at 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo, there was no significant difference in ankle range of motion between groups. One study evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. Further research is required.
This review found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduces the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean birth, the need for epidural, and does not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial (one study, 200 women). There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes including duration of the second stage of labor, or other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required for inclusion in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial that assessed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection, found no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow up. There was moderate evidence to suggest that treatment with BTX injections yielded no great improvements over placebo injections of saline. The third trial assessed 37 participants with a BTX treatment above saline injection. The trial reported no adverse events in either treatment group. This trial was of low quality. There is a need for an agreed definition for TOS, especially the disputed form, agreed outcome measures, and high quality randomized trials that compare the outcome of interventions with no treatment and with each other.
This review of 21 trials involving 884 people found that oral steroids, splinting, ultrasound, yoga and carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved symptoms over eight weeks compared with placebo or placebo injections. One trial also showed improvement after four weeks. However one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound (WMD -0.77 to - 0.21) which was maintained at six months. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks. In another trial involving 21 people cpal bone muscleisation resulted in improvement after three weeks compared to no treatment. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. One trial compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (n = 165) with observation, and the second trial compared dexamethasone intravtreal implants (in = 290) with sham injections. The two trials were conducted in the USA and the UK. The trials were funded by the manufacturer of the implant. The review authors reported that the corticosteroid implant was not associated with improvement in visual acuity after six months among participants with CCRVO. However, participants treated with 1 mg or 4 mg of triambinolone injection were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in vision compared with participants in the observation group (1 mg or 5.27 mg). However, the quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
This review found six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and reducing adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (-18.5 versus -8.5, P < 0.05) and a larger reduction in mean adenoids/choana ratio (right, -14% versus +0.4%, P = 0.002; left, -15% versus -2.0, P =0.0006) between week 0 and week 4. The third parallel-group trial showed that 77.7% of patients treated with mometasone (100 mcg daily) for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in nasal obstruction symptom scores and a decrease in adanoid size, such that adenodectomy could be avoided, whereas no significant improvement was observed in the placebo group. In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms nor a reduction in the size of the nasal obstruction. The fourth trial demonstrated that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mcg per day) was associated with a larger decrease in nasal obstruct symptoms and an improvement of nasal obstruction size. Adenoidectomy was avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline.
We found only one small study (involving 24 women) to include in this review. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of the other drugs, as well as all the other four drugs. The study was a single-centre randomised trial conducted in Mexico. The trial was at low risk of bias in three domains but was assessed to be high risk of systematic error in two domains due to lack of allocation concealment and blinding of women and staff, and unclear for random sequence generation and outcome assessor blinding. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death after the first 28 days after birth), maternal deaths (death within 28 days of birth), deaths after birth, deaths after 28 days; preterm birth (defined as the birth before 37 completed weeks' gestation) and preterm births (death before 37 weeks’ gestation); and side effects of the intervention. The baby's Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. However, the change in maternal blood pressure and systolic arterial pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not significantly different between the two groups. Reported outcomes The study also reported a reduction in maternal diastolic blood pressure (a measure of maternal and fetal outcomes) for the mother and her baby. However there is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to show that the effect of epidural translates into improved maternal or fetal outcomes. There is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion as to whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidural therapy results in better maternal andfet outcomes and for how long that could be maintained.
We found 16 randomised clinical trials that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no treatment for alcoholic liver disease. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 participants were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups: 927 participants received glucocorgosteroids and 934 participants were randomised to placebo or a no treatment group. The duration of treatment ranged from 3 days to 12 weeks. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, Germany, the USA and the UK. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver diseases, and 65% were men. Glucocorgregoids were administered orally or parenterally for a median of 28 days (range 3 days and 12 weeks). The studies were at overall high risk of bias, which means that the results may be affected by the way that the trial was conducted. The certainty of evidence was very low, and low for health-related quality of life. We are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference in all-cause mortality and serious adverse events during treatment. There was no evidence of effect on the occurrence of serious side effects during treatment, liver-related mortality, number of participants with any complications up to three months' follow-up after end of treatment, and number of people with any non-serious side effects up to one year after treatment. The quality of the evidence was low, which meant that we cannot be certain about the results.
We found four trials involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. We found limited evidence that the use of a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition that are related to driving. There was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months (mean difference 15 points on the Test Ride for Investigating Practical Fitness to Drive - Belgian version, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 4.56 to 34.56, P value = 0.15, one study, 83 participants). However, the studies were at a low risk of bias for the majority of domains, with a high/unclear risk for bias identified in the areas of: performance (participants not blinded to allocation), and attrition (incomplete outcome data due to withdrawal) bias.
We found eight studies with 582 adults with COPD, of which five studies conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296) contributed to the meta-analysis. Five studies administered oral prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and two studies provided intravenous corticosteroid treatment. The duration of treatment ranged from three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration treatments. In four studies we did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure between the short- and the long-duration courses of treatment. No difference in risk of relapse (a new event) was observed between the shorter-duration and long-term courses of steroids. Length of hospital stay did not differ between the two courses. Time to the next COPD exacerbation was not different between the treatments. No differences in lung function at the end of treatment were found between the treatment courses. In five studies no difference was found in the likelihood of an adverse event was found between treatment courses of five days versus 14 days of systemic steroid treatment. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or change the estimates.
We found only one randomised trial (13 participants) and identified three ongoing trials that assess RBC transfusion strategies in people with MDS. This review found that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to determine the best treatment for such patients, particularly as the incidence of MDS rises with an ageing population.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effectiveness of games as a reinforcement technique for stroke prevention and management. We found two RCTs. One study evaluated the use of the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The second study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based learn of stroke prevention or management. The effect on knowledge was not statistically different between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the study-based group. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review found eight trials involving 475 people with unipolar affective disorder. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. There was no difference between lithium and antidepressants in terms of relapse, quality of life, social functioning, occupational functioning, overall drop-out rate, death due to all causes and specifically suicides. There were no other statistically significant differences between lithium or antidepressants according to all other outcomes considered. The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used.
This review found two trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to treatment versus control) comparing amifostine with placebo or no treatment. Both trials had a low risk of bias. The trials showed no significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia, the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium-99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months, and the reduction of blood pressure (130 patients, two studies). Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of treatment and had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae. No health-related quality of life and other patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials.
We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home visits lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics-based and home-centred sessions plus once-weekly home visits for 12 weeks. There was no difference in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts, compared to those in the control group; however, this was not maintained 12 months later. No study reported on language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the treatment group. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The other two studies received no funding from any government agency. The review authors concluded that there is currently insufficient evidence to determine the effects of parent-mediated interventions for improving the language and communication of children with Down Syndrome.
We found two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total 148 adults who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. We found that exercise-based rehabilitation may increase exercise capacity. However, the quality of evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effect on mortality or quality of life. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), exercise may improve exercise capacity (SMD -0.47, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.22 to 90.78) and on serious adverse events (RR 1.15 (95% CI 0.37 to 3.62). The quality of the evidence was moderate for the return to work outcome (HRQoL) and return to normal work (RR 0.55 (0.19 to 1.56). There was no difference between the two groups in the number of people who returned to work or return to regular activities of daily living. We cannot evaluate the impact on other outcomes.
We found five studies involving 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. We found inconclusive evidence that interventions with spiritual or religious components for adults in the terminal phase of a disease may or may not enhance well-being. Such interventions are under-evaluated.
We found six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found no study examining the effects of tDCS for improving activities of daily living. There was no evidence that tDCS had an effect on change in global UPDRS score (a measure of the severity of dyskinesia) or the time that symptoms were controlled by the medication. However, there was evidence of an increase in the time in which symptoms were affected by the medications. There were no differences in dropouts, adverse effects, or deaths between treatment and control groups. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time (time that symptoms are controlled by a medication) but there was no effect. Another secondary outcome was health-related quality of life and we found no evidence of a difference between treatment groups. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS have an effect when the symptoms are not controlled by medication.
We included 12 studies involving 461 patients with CRPS, all of which we judged to be at high or unclear risk of bias. For this update, we excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. The quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetic sympathetic blockade for CRPS.
We found 14 trials, including 2488 participants, that compared antivirals plus corticosteroids with placebo or no treatment in people with Bell's palsy of various degrees of severity. We found that the combination of antiviral drugs and steroids may have little or no effect on the rates of incomplete recovery in Bell’s palsy, but the results were very imprecise. There was no clear difference in the number of people who experienced side effects between treatment and control groups. There were no clear differences in adverse events between treatment groups (very low-certainty evidence). Antivirals alone had no clear effect on incomplete recovery rates compared with placebo, but this result was very uncertain. For people with severe Bell's rash (House-Brackmann score of 5 and 6, or equivalent on other scales), we found that there was a reduction in the chances of having a relapse compared to placebo, although the result was not definite. Adverse effects Adverse events Adverse event data were available in four studies providing data on 1592 participants. None of the four comparisons showed clear differences between treatment or comparison groups. Antiviral drugs plus steroids may reduce the chances that a person will have a relapse of Bell's paralysis, but there was not clear difference between the treatment groups in terms of side effects (such as motor synkinesis or crocodile tears).
We found two studies, including 97 women, that compared LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) use in relapsed (platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory) EOC in comparison with a placebo (dummy pill) or no treatment. One study compared decapeptyl treatment with placebo, and the other examined LHRWH agonist versus a placebo. The quality of evidence for all outcomes (including survival, progression-free survival, QoL and adverse events) is very low. There is not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of these drugs in the treatment of platinum-resistant EOC.
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that included 17 infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared nitric oxide versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). One trial compared iNO versus high-frequency ventilation (Kinsella 1997). Six trials enrolled babies with moderate severity of symptoms (oxygenation index (OI) or alveolar-arterial oxygen difference (A-aDO2)) and randomised them to immediate treatment or iNO treatment only after deterioration to more severe criteria (Barefield 1996; Day 1996; Sadiq 1998; Cornfield 1999; Konduri 2004; Gonzalez 2010). Oxygenation was improved in approximately 50% of infants receiving iNO. The OI was decreased by a (weighted) mean of 15.1 within 30 to 60 minutes after the start of treatment, and partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) was increased by a mean of 53 mmHg. The use of ECMO was not affected. Infants who received iNO at less severe criteria did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Infant development scores were similar between tested survivors who received NO and those who did not. Outcomes of infants with diaphragmatic hernia were not improved; outcomes were slightly worse with iNO (moderate-quality evidence). Outcomes were similar in infants who had iNO and infants who received no treatment. The quality of the evidence was high.
This review found that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness of these interventions. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance.
We found 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the catheter that were being assessed having different appearances. Overall, catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI) was reduced by 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), with an ARR of 2% and NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence). Catheter colonization also reduced catheter colonization by 9% and 10% (moderate quality evidence). However, there was no significant difference between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rates of clinically diagnosed sepsis or mortality, all-cause mortality and catheterrelated local infections. However, the magnitude of benefits regarding CVC colonization varied according to setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. The magnitude of the effects was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks.
This review found 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The studies included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). The studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate risks of bias. The evidence is current to May 2018. The review found that zinc supplementation had no effect on length of stay in the slums, length of time spent in the home, or length of breastfeeding. There was no evidence of an effect or unclear effect of nutrient supplementation of children on growth of the baby or breastfeeding time. However, there was a positive impact of education interventions in pregnancy women, with low-certainty evidence. There were no differences between zinc supplementation and no intervention, standard care, or standard care or no intervention. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. The certainty of the evidence was very low to moderate overall. All the nutritional interventions reviewed had the potential to decrease stunting, based on evidence from outside of slum contexts; however, there is no evidence to support or refute this.
This review found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1023 participants that compared foam dressings with other wound dressings or other wound dressing treatments. There was no difference in healing outcomes between the two treatments. No differences in the number of participants experiencing adverse effects were found between the treatments. The evidence in this area is of low quality.
This review found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 381 patients with rheumatological manifestations. One trial (159 patients) compared etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in IBD patients with quiescent or active ulcerative colitis or Crohn’s disease. The other trial (222 patients) (200 mg twice daily) compared celecoxib to placebo. Both trials were judged to be at low risk of bias. No patients experienced any cardiovascular adverse events. The two studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference in exacerbation of IBD between celecoxIB and placebo. A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events). There were no major side effects associated with the drugs. No serious side effects were reported in either treatment group. The results for disease exacerbation and AEs between the COX-2 inhibitors celecoxi and placebo were uncertain. No definitive conclusions regarding the tolerability and safety in the short term can be drawn. However, it should be noted that both studies had relatively small sample sizes and short follow-up durations.
We found 22 trials with a total of 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The trials included in this review were of low or very low certainty. We found that an antimicrobial dressing may heal more wounds in people with infected ulcers than a non-antimicrobial dressing. However, we are uncertain about the relative effects of antimicrobial dressings for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events (all very low-certainty evidence). The certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to very low.
We found six studies that involved 5193 children. We found that zinc supplementation in children is associated with a reduction in the incidence and prevalence of pneumonia.
This review found 10 studies including 33,179 children. The review found no significant effect of vitamin A on the incidence of acute LRTI, or prevalence of symptoms of acute lRTI. Vitamin A caused an increase in cough and fever in one study and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose.
The review of trials found that theophylline has a modest effect on lung function and lung function in COPD patients. However, patients' preference for a bronchodilator plus corticosteroid (oral and inhaled) was greater than that for placebo. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to be theophlline tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of these studies.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapy 249; control intervention 190), aged 1 year to 18 years. Oral immunotherapy for egg allergy is effective, but confidence in the tradeoff between benefits and harms is low, because there was a small number of trials with few participants, and methodological problems with some trials. Most children (82%) in the oral immunotherapy group could ingest a partial serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of control group children (RR 7.48, 95% CI 4.91 to 11.38; RD 0.43). Most of the children receiving treatment experienced adverse events, mainly allergy-related. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of children presented mild to-severe side effects compared to 6.8% of the control group. SAEs requiring epinephrine/adrenaline were reported in 21/249 (8.4%) of children in the Oral Immunotherapy group, and none in the control groups. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. We found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up oral immuntreatment.
We found four trials involving a total of 579 people with recurrent unexplained syncope. We found no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment (very low quality evidence). No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. Two studies reported data on adverse events after implantation. No conclusive data on the other end-points analysed were available. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implant. However, this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to the differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted.
We found four small studies involving 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy and surgery. There was no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups. The cure rate in short-term follow-up was similar between the groups, however there was significant uncertainty in this result. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the surgery group (60 participants). There was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received sclotherapy compared with surgery. However the recurrence rate was higher. There were an increased number of infections in surgery group however this increase was not statistically significant (4 studies, 275 participants). Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgical group was higher than in the treatment group, but because of different measurement tools applied in these studies, we could not combine the results. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months. There is a great need for further methodologically rigorous studies that assess the effectiveness of different types of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It is important that the RCTs have sufficiently large sample size and long-up period.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. We found no significant difference between groups for the proportion cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.38; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 5.14). However, the average change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group. The mean change in daytime cough daily scores from baseline was also better in the placebo groups compared to those on nebulised rhDNase, but the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) were also favoured placebo over nebulized rh DNase but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomalacia.
We found 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. The duration of treatment ranged from one to 13 sessions, over a period of one day to nine months. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. Duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. The psychological therapy resulted in a 7% higher proportion of drop-outs during treatment (moderate-quality evidence). However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. Adverse events were seldom reported. Five studies (679 participants) compared some psychological therapy with enhanced care, and found no clear evidence of a difference at end of treatment. The effects of CBT were similar to those in the whole group. Compared with enhanced or structured care, psychological therapies generally were not more effective for most of the outcomes. However, CBT has been well studied to allow tentative conclusions for practice to be drawn. It is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for somatoform disorders or MUPS.
We included 63 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our review. We found that there is moderate-quality evidence that regional anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery. However, the evidence is based on only a few small studies. There is moderate evidence that intravenous infusion of local anaesthetics (an infusion of a continuous infusion with local anaesthetic for the prevention of PPP) three to 55 months after iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG) was inconclusive. There are seven ongoing studies and 12 studies awaiting classification that may change the conclusions of the current review once they are published and incorporated. We did not find evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely.
This review found 28 trials involving a total of 1742 trial participants. First-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and dietary supplementation (omega-3 fatty acid) were tested. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition. Adverse event data were scarce, except for olanzapine. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram parameters (a measure of the severity of BPD severity). A significant decrease in body weight was observed with topiramic treatment.
We found seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Of these, two trials were added for this update. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic) have an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. Four trials compared different types of washout solution; saline versus acidic solutions (2 trials); saline versus antibiotic solution (1 trial), saline versus antimicrobial solution (one trial). One trial compared different compositions of acidic solution (stronger versus weaker solution). We found no trials comparing different washout volumes, and frequencies or timings. The quality of the evidence was graded as low or very low.
We found 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies contributed the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. The evidence in this review is therefore weak, and the exact prevalence of severe fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer remains to be determined. It is unclear how many childhood cancer survivors suffer from severe fatigue. This is also the case for the course of fatigue following treatment and the strength of the relationship between fatigue and associated and risk factors.
We found 36 trials involving 6914 people. A combination of topical and systemic antibiotics reduces the risk of respiratory infections and mortality in adult patients receiving intensive care. There was a significant reduction in the number of lung infections and total mortality in the treated group. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
This review found five studies that examined the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. All of them investigated educational approaches. Two studies offered consultation in addition and two other studies offered guidance for nursing staff in addition. No studies in community settings were included. The studies showed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting showed an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in a group dwelling unit found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased significantly in the control group. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effects of education interventions for prevention or reducing use of restraints in nursing homes.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 416 women. The trials compared glucocorticoid supplementation during IVF stimulation with placebo (dummy pill) or no treatment. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310 women). There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the number of live births or miscarriage rate between the treatment groups. The quality of the evidence was rated as low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. One of the trials gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. Neither study reported OHSS or side-effects.
We found eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo (dummy pill) and high dose rhGH. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes, but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels (low-quality evidence). The trials show evidence of improvement in height, weight and lean body mass with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels (very low- to very low quality evidence). We found improvement in exercise capacity, but improvements in weight and muscle mass were only reported for standard-dummy rhGH versus no treatment. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality of life. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. The significant change in blood glucose levels, although not causing diabetes, emphasizes the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to CF-related diabetes.
We found 26 studies with 1,695 workers that compared removal from exposure to continued exposure, and complete removal of exposure compared to reduced exposure. The evidence is current to May 2018. The review found that removal from the exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of asthma symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared to continued exposures. However, the former may improve symptoms and lung function more among patients exposed to low molecular weight agents. Removal from exposure may also increase the risk of unemployment. There may be no considerable difference between removal and continued exposure. There was a decrease in asthma symptoms and improvement in lung function, but there was no significant difference in the number of workers who reported absence of symptoms. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes.
The review included six trials involving 1758 people with mild GERD. Trial participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. There was low quality evidence that the use of PPI may increase the risk of 'lack of symptom control' compared with continuous PPI use. However, there was also a reduction in pill burden. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of discontinuation, although two trials reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end. None of the studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects.
We found 13 randomised trials (975 participants). These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. Quality of life was also improved in people receiving social skills programme compared to standard care. However, there was no significant difference in the number of people who had a relapse or rehospitalisation (rehospitalisation) or relapse rates and relapse rates in the group receiving social skill programmes compared to a discussion group control group. When social skills programs were compared to discussion, we found no difference on patients outcomes, relapse rate or relapse rate. However there was a reduction in relapse and relapse rate in the social skill programme group compared to the discussion group group. There was no difference in relapse rate, relapse or relapse, relapse, mental state, relapse and mental state in the people who received social skills. The quality of the evidence was rated as low or very low due to the small number of studies and the fact that most studies were conducted in China.
Only one study, at low risk of bias, met the inclusion criteria. This study showed pegloticase is probably beneficial in the management of tophi in gout, in terms of resolution of symptoms, but with a high risk of adverse infusion reactions. However, there is a need for more randomised controlled trials considering other treatments, including surgical removal of the tophi.
This review found five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC of which three met the inclusion criteria. The review found no randomized controlled trials of oral IgA alone for preventing NEC.
This review found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared no additional treatment with additional treatment after hysterectomy and radiotherapy. These trials showed a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. Chemotherapy reduces the risk of developing a metastasis, could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy, but it may have added value in addition to the treatment.
We found 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. Some clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family (moderate confidence). However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could also be a problem. Clients' views about who sent the digital health communication could influence their views of the programme. They had preferences for different delivery channels (e.g. short message service (SMS) or interactive voice response) and they also had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues. The quality of the evidence was high.
We found 23 trials involving 2467 people. We found that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity. However, the trials were not comparable, and programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of this review.
This review found nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 participants. There was no difference in the duration of withdrawal or the severity of withdrawal. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation, and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. Given that the adverse events are potentially life-threatening, the value of antagonist-induced withdrawal under heavy sedation or anaesthesia is not supported.
We found fourteen studies. The duration of the studies ranged from 10 days to three months. We found no evidence to suggest that it may have an atypical side effect profile. However, it does cause significantly more weight loss. The quality of evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone and tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), and combination therapies (hydrocquinone cream and glycolic acid peels), as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate.
This review found 12 trials, which randomised 1319 participants, that compared 5-FU injections with placebo or no treatment in patients undergoing primary trabeculectomy. All studies were a minimum of one year long. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after surgery was found in patients having primary traculectomies, and those undergoing surgery for the first time receiving regular-dose injections (RR 0.44, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.29 to 0.68 and 0.21, 0.06 to 0-0.68, respectively). No surgical failures were detected in studies assessing combined surgery. No difference was found between the two groups in the number of surgical failures or intraocular pressure at one year in patients receiving low-dose postoperative injections. Intraocular pressure was particularly reduced in the high risk of failure patients receiving regular doses (MD -16.30, 95%) and regular doses after surgery (MD-4.43, 95%). No significant difference occurred in the combined surgery population receiving regular dose postoperative injection. The combined surgery subgroup was not reported because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118). The quality of evidence varied between the trials, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low-dummy postoperative5-FU was found to be very low using GRADE. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care, which constitutes a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this.
This review of trials found that inhaled steroids did not consistently reduce the rate of exacerbations in COPD patients. Patients and clinicians should balance the potential benefits (reduced rate of flareups, reduced rate of decline in quality of life) against the potential side effects (oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness, and risk of pneumonia).
We found 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) comparing 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo. However, the quality of the evidence was low, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. There was no evidence of a difference with regard to adverse effects, though data were very scanty. NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment for dysmenorrhoea, though women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk of side effects.
We found seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the two groups. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels of pEEP.
This review included 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. Fifteen studies were excluded from the original review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for RRT in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies. The risk of AKI (failure of kidney failure) was also increased in patients treated with HES products (15 studies, 8402 patients). However, the risk of RRT was similar between the two treatment groups. No differences between subgroups were seen between sepsis versus non-sepsis patients, high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low MW and DS (≥ 200 kDa and > 0.4 DS) HES solutions, or high versus low dose treatments (i.e. ≥ 2 L versus < 2 L). A more robust effect was seen for AKI and RRT (injury) outcome, with a RR of 1.22 (95% CI 1.08 to 1.37; 8338 patients). There were differences identified between septic and non-sicemic subgroups for the RRT and injury outcome, which may reflect the differing renal response to fluid resuscitation in pre-renal versus septic-associated AKI. The quality of the studies was good.
We found nine studies that enrolled 682 patients with CKD. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). Compared with a placebo (dummy treatment) or captiopril, rheum Officinale had a positive effect on SCR and BUN (a measure of patients' capacity to undertake work). However, the quality of the evidence was low. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment.
This review found that IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. The language of administration did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool. There was also evidence of suboptimal reporting, particularly around disease severity and handling indeterminate results, which are important if considering use in clinical practice.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All three studies scored 'low quality' on the methodological quality assessment, implying high risk of bias. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared to a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) compared with task practice practice therapy only; and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. There was 'low' quality evidence for mMIMT improving upper limb motor function and spasticity in chronic stroke survivors with residual voluntary upper limb activity, up to six months, and'very low' quality of evidence for dynamic elbow spinting and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment.
This review found four trials, recruiting 136 patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation, that were included in this review. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone, and a third trial compared combination treatment with a combination of a combination (a combination of an antiviral drug and a combination treatment (a drug that contains antiviral drugs) and a combined treatment (an antiviral treatment and a drug that has no antiviral agent) with a single antiviral medication alone. A fourth trial compared the combination of the antiviral antiviral agents (a combined treatment with an antivirus drug) and an anti-viral drug (adefovir dipivoxil) versus a combined antiviral and anti-blocker treatment. The trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons.
This review found 15 studies involving 1019 participants who were followed-up for three months to 10 years (1060 randomised). All studies had a high risk of bias (that is, there was a possibility of overestimation of benefits or underestimation of harms of treatment and follow-up). The review found no evidence for or against other lines of treatment of LADA. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes). One study using vitamin D with insulin showed steady fasting C-peptide levels in the vitamin D group, but decreased fasting blood glucose levels (368 to 179 pmol/L) in the insulin alone group at 12 months. One study showed that GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide) may protect pancreatic beta cells in patients with LADA, but there is no evidence to support its use.
We found 70 studies (44,958 participants) that examined the effects of social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. We found that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms programs for preventing binge drinking among college and university students. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We found three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (81 participants) compared the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions with no provision of these. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 months after the operation. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if the addition of equipment and restrictions are effective in preventing dislocation and improving outcomes after THA, when assessed using the Harris Hip Score, or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) measured by the Short Form-12 at four week follow-up, compared to not providing this. We are also uncertain if a postoperative community rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and education compared to conventional rehabilitation strategies based on functional outcomes. The quality of the evidence was very low.
The review of trials found that LNG-IUD use reduces the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative use of the device reduces the number of women with painful periods. Further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm these findings.
We found 24 studies, with a total of 1098 participants. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA (14/24). Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. Most (14%) changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. Eighteen studies investigated proximity interventions. Most of the studies assessed food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco products. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the certainty of this evidence is low or very low.
We found only one case-control study (a study where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the effect of PEP on HIV seroconversion. No trials were found that assessed the effects of a combination of antiretroviral drugs for occupational PEP. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug regimens following occupational exposure to HIV. However, it is highly unlikely that a definitive placebo-controlled trial will ever be conducted, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a single study, PEP should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure.
This review found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately following treatment, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. CBT is a useful approach to the management of chronic pain, but only immediately after treatment and when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list. There is no need for more general RCTs reporting group means: rather, different studies and analyses are needed to identify which components of CBT work for which type of patient on which outcome/s, and to try to understand why.
We found 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met the inclusion criteria. Ten of the 15 initiatives provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). Five of these showed a decrease in salt intake from pre-intervention to post-interventions, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland to Ireland) to 0.35 grams per day less (Ireland). Two of the five initiatives showed a reduction of salt intake in the average daily salt intake per person from pre or after the intervention (Ireland and Canada). However, in both countries, the data point was from several years prior to the initiation of the intervention. Five of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated intervention activities of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a statistically significant mean decrease in sodium intake (from Finland to Ireland (see above), and one showed a significant increase in salt consumption (from Canada to Switzerland). For men, five initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, Switzerland, France, United Kingdom) showed a major reduction in sodium consumption from pre and after the start of an intervention (from Austria, Netherlands, Switzerland and United Kingdom), and two (Canada, United States) showed an average increase in total salt intake. For women, three initiatives (China, Finland and France) showed no significant decrease, three (Netherlands and Switzerland) showed significant decrease (from four to Ireland, and one (Australia, Netherlands and Switzerland), and three (Canada) showed statistically significant increase (from two to United Kingdom). Nine initiatives (men and women separately) reported a significant reduction (from three to four) in salt use (from men to women). For women separately, three of the seven initiatives (women and men) reported no significant change (from women to men) and two of the nine initiatives (Women and men separately) showed differential impact by sex. We found no adverse effects of these initiatives. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population and rigorous measurement of dietary sodium intake. However, all studies were scored as having high risk of bias, reflecting the observational nature of the research and the use of an uncontrolled study design. The quality of evidence for the main outcome was low.
We found 18 studies, but only seven studies met the inclusion criteria. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol and levodopa (Prolopa®) were compared with placebo (a dummy pill) and tryptophan (one study). The results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no difference or harm. Clonidine was associated with prolonged morning hypotension in three of 16 participants. However, results for other sleep-related outcomes were uncertain. The use of preventive medication avoided any adverse effects in people treated with levodopamide and bromoccriptine. Adverse effects were frequent in people who took amitriptylim (5/10 had drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia compared with 0/10 in the placebo group), as well as 7/16 had moderate-to-severe xerastomia compare with 2/16 in the control group. One study reported a reduction in rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and increased the second stage of sleep. However there was no difference in the number of episodes of bruxism episodes per hour of sleep, muscle muscle muscle activity or muscle muscle pain intensity. The quality of the evidence was low.
We found 10 studies with 1015 adults with ARDS. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acids (DHA)), gamma-linolenic acid, glA, and antioxidants). All studies reported mortality. We are uncertain whether immunonutrition reduces the duration of ventilator days and length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) or oxygenation at day 4 due to the very low quality of evidence. The quality of the evidence was very low due to problems with the way the studies were conducted and reported.
The review of trials found that there was a risk of bias in the way that the trials were conducted, which means that it is difficult to combine the results of the trials. However, the review also showed that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. A subset of six studies suggested that more severe, bothersome, or otherwise clinically relevant AEs were reported when an initial open enquiry was used, while some AEs only reported with a subsequent specific enquiry (such as an interview). However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs occurred only when an interview was conducted, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between elicitation methods. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. These AEs may be important from a clinical perspective or for patients. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. While the many potential AE endpoints in a trial may preclude the development of general AE patient-reported outcome measurement instruments, much could also be learnt from how these employ both quantitative and qualitative methods to better understand data elicited.
We found 15 studies: eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP; five studies measured sensitivity of devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure SUDEP, and two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing SUDEP. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We found 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract) for inclusion in the review. We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. This review found very low-quality evidence of a preventative effect for nocturnal supervision against SUDEP in people with epilepsy. This effect was independent of seizure control. Non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and number of hospital attendances were not reported. The quality of evidence was very low. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, for example seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists.
This review found 21 studies involving 208 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of participants ranged from seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak expiratory flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. The review's primary outcome was the amount of airway volume in one second, which was measured by all seven studies; only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing an active cycle of breathing techniques, but not with autogenic drainage. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over in design; participant numbers ranged from 17 to 75. The studies recruited a range of participants and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants.
This review found that psychological therapy based on CBT principles is effective in reducing anxiety symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. However, the body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective.
This review found 12 trials involving 1,856 women. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-center trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. Eight trials compared treatment with placebo and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. In five trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in seven trials women suffered two or more miscarriages. There may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women given progestogens compared to placebo/controls (moderate-quality evidence). A subgroup analysis comparing placebo-controlled versus non-placebo-controlled trials showed no clear differences between subgroups for miscarriage. We are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. No clear differences were seen for women receiving progestogenic for the other secondary outcomes including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth. None of the trials reported on any maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility.
In total, we included 14 studies with 1298 pregnant women. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with the use of psychosocial interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. There were no differences observed at the end of treatment in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test) in any treatment group compared to control (retention or abstinence) or no treatment. The results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups (moderate quality evidence). However, few studies evaluated obstetrical or neonatal outcomes and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect on these clinically important outcomes.
We found 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short-term NACE, cardiac death, all-cause mortality, bleeding, and access site complications. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes (i.e. beyond 30 days of follow-up).
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. We found no evidence that the intervention affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. One study (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options on surrogate decision-makers of nursing home residents who had advanced dementia hospitalised for an acute illness. While this trial reported that a palliatal care plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group (risk ratio (RR) 5.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.37 to 25.02), the plan was only adopted for two participants, both in the treatment group, while in hospital. In this subset, intervention surrogates had lower scores for decisional conflict measured on the Decisional Conflict Scale (mean difference -0.30, 0.61 to 0.01, reduction of 0.3 units considered meaningful) and were more likely than those in the control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician, but imprecision meant that there was significant uncertainty about both results. There were only two studies in this review, with variation in the interventions and in the settings that made it impossible to conduct a meta-analysis of data for any outcome. There are six ongoing studies that we expect to include in future versions of this review.
This review found three well-conducted randomised trials involving 1166 women with breast cancer. There were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse free survival and metastasis free survival. The review also found no significant difference between the two types of sequencing in terms of recurrence or survival. However, there was one trial (244 women) that showed that the use of sequential chemoradiation increased anaemia, telangiectasia and pigmentation, but other measures of toxicity did not differ.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 adults. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance and weight training, and the other trials used CrP alone versus placebo. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We found no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of CrP supplements in overweight or obese adults.
This review found 11 studies with a total of 886 participants. These evaluated a range of treatments for surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. One study reported that sucralfate cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream (RR: 1.50, 95% CI 1.13 to 1.99) over a three week period. There was some evidence of a difference in measures used to assess wound infection (wound with foul smell and number of participants prescribed antibiotics) which favoured the zinc oxide cream group. The study also reported lower wound pain scores in the sucralfishate group. This evidence was graded as being of moderate or low quality. There is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect.
We found five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis or CVS. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with.
We found 10 studies involving a total of 4,242,438 pregnant women who received maize flour fortified with folic acid and other micronutrients. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Five studies were randomised trials (1182 pregnant women) and three studies were non-RCTs (1181 pregnant women, 8037 live births). Three studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2, 242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower-middle -income country (Bangladesh), and three trials were conducted from a high-income country in Canada. Three studies included maize flour fortified with maize flour and other minerals (folic acid, maize flour porridge, and maize flour flour bread rolls) or with no intervention. The evidence is current to May 2018. The certainty of the evidence was very low. The studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk for bias for attrition and contamination.
This review found six trials involving 1,124,483 newborns (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were included in this review. Two trials assessed screening in CF were identified; data from one study were analysed. The review found that screening was less expensive than traditional diagnosis of CF. However, this finding is based on only a small number of trials with small numbers of newborns. In screened participants colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa occurred earlier.
We found five randomized trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Despite achieving a significantly lower blood pressure (119.3/64.4 mmHg) and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant benefit in the group assigned to 'lower' systolic blood pressure target was a reduction in the incidence of stroke: risk ratio (RR) 0.58, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0 to 0.88, absolute risk reduction 1.1%. The effect of SBP targets on mortality was compatible with both a reduction and increase in risk: RR 1.05 CI 0.84 to 1.30, low quality evidence. There was no difference in stroke, total deaths, total serious adverse events as well as cardiovascular and renal events. End-stage renal failure and total serious side effects were not reported in any of the trials. There was a high risk of selection bias for every outcome analyzed in favor of the lower target in the trials included for the analysis of DBP targets. The total number of participants included in the DBP target analysis was 2580.
This review found 14 trials with a total of709 participants. Seven studies (366 participants) compared non-removable casts with removable pressure-relieving devices. One study (98 participants) found that significantly more ulcers healed with non-reactive casts than with dressings alone. Achilles tendon lengthening combined with a non-relovable cast resulted in significantly more healed ulcers at 7 months than a removable cast alone. More ulcers remained healed at two years in this group. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) describing six interventions (comprising a total of 235 women with breast cancer. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions, two of compensatory strategy training interventions (n = 95), one of meditation and one of physical activity intervention (19) were identified. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on objectively assessed cognitive function (including processing speed, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed- and immediate-reported cognitive function and spiritual quality of life (QoL) and mental well-being. The meta-analyses of two trials (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from compensatory strategies training on cognitive function or mental well being immediately (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.59 to 0.83; I2= 67%) or two months after-intervention. Cognitive function was improved in patients who received compensatory series training compared to wait-list controls. However, the quality of the evidence was rated as low. We assessed the assembled studies using GRADE for physical and mental health outcomes and this evidence was graded to be low quality and, therefore findings should be interpreted with caution.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 people with schizophrenia. We found that chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on very small numbers of participants and the evidence is very low quality. Chlorpromazine appears no worse or better than piperaceazine regarding adverse effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear difference in the number of participants leaving the study early for any reason was observed. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. We cannot make firm conclusions based on such data.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stents and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements. The complication rate was 39.22% in the stent and was 45.71%. The average hospital stay was 11.53 days in both groups and was 17.15 days. The mean procedure/operating time was 113.93 minutes in the colic group compared to 143.85 minutes. The median blood loss was 50 ml in the gallbladder group and 350 ml. The clinical success rate was higher in emergency surgery groups. However, due to the variability in the sample size and trial designs in the included studies, further trials with larger numbers of participants and well defined trial design are needed to achieve the robust evidence.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1867 women. The trials compared human albumin, HES and mannitol with placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that the use of albumin and HES reduced the risk of OHSC by about 9% (6% to 12%) in women at high risk. This suggests that if the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it will be about 32% (27% to 38%). However, there was evidence of a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates (Peto OR 0.72 95% CI 0.55 to 0.94, I² = 42%, seven studies 1069 high risk women, moderate quality evidence). There was no evidence that HES, or HES had any influence on pregnancy or live birth rates. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. Live birth rates were not reported in any of the studies. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment.
This review of 10 studies involving 484 patients found no evidence to support the use of any one sclerosing agent over another, but there was evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. There was some evidence that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% compared with placebo, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was associated with adverse reactions compared with POL at 0.5%. However, the amount of available evidence in this field is small and the overall methodological quality of the research was poor, as was the quality of reporting.
This review found seven studies involving 241 participants. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however, there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. Of the studied agents, salbutamol via any route and IV insulin-dextrose appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. When compared to other treatments, sodium bicarbonate and aminophylline produced comparable effects. The effectiveness of potassium binding resins and IV calcium salts has not been tested in RCTs and requires further study before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This review found 29 studies, enrolling 4216 participants, that compared antimicrobial lock solutions to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for patients with HD. Antimicrobial and combined (antibiotic-non antibiotic) lock solutions decreased the incidence of CRI compared to control lock solutions. However, the effect on thrombosis incidence is uncertain, and further studies are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimicrobialLock solutions.
We found 15 studies with 1098 participants. Of these, six investigated pre-emptive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at preventive treatment versus antiviral prophylaxis, and one reported on oral versus intravenous pre-emption treatment. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. There was no significant difference in the number of patients who developed CMV disease or graft loss or infections. Leucopenia was significantly less common with preemptive therapy compared with standard care. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. The quality of the evidence was considered to be low.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 140 participants and ranged from six weeks to five months in duration. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. All trials compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. There was a statistically significant improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (a measure of blood sugar control) at three to five month with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo. No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated.
We found 62 studies, of which 19 (440 participants) met the inclusion criteria. Five randomised controlled studies (192 participants) were included in the meta-analysis; three were of cross-over design. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. Five studies compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiratory pressure. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. There was no significant difference in lung function and the number of lung exacerbations between the breathing technique alone or in conjunction with conventional chest therapy. No significant difference was seen in quality of life, sputum weight, exercise tolerance, lung function, lung muscle strength, sputtum weight (sputum muscle strength), oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use of the active flow of breathing procedure over any other airway clearance therapy.
This review found eight randomised trials with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation and the standard insemination protocol. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that brief coincubated of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. However, the quality of the evidence was low.
In five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, a long IT was associated with a significant increase in air leak and death before hospital discharge. There was no significant difference in the incidence of BPD. However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are clinically important; thus, infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care.
We found 33 studies involving 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed, frequency, structure, duration, and duration of TFU. Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. There was inconclusive evidence that TFU had favourable effects for some outcomes, but overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. No adverse effects were reported.
We found 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions to increase the number of participants returning to trial sites for trial follow-up. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. The trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. There was no evidence that a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. However, a 'package' of postal communication strategies with reminder letters appeared to be better than standard procedures. Although each was based on the results of a single trial, recorded delivery of questionnaires seemed to be more effective than telephone reminders (RR 2.08; 95% CI 1.11 to 3.87, P value = 0.00 to 1.03) and an offer of a GBP20 voucher (RR 1.20 voucher compared with GBP10 for return of postal questionnaires and biomedical test kits). The evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires was unclear and the evidence for questionnaires relevant to the disease/condition was also unclear. There is no good evidence that the addition of a non-monetary incentive or a 'enhanced' letters, letters delivered by priority post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order either increased or decreased trial questionnaire response/retention. Some other strategies evaluated in single trials looked promising but need further evaluation.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. We found no important differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly due to issues related to blinding and imprecision.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1453 children aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience improvement in pain at zero to three months after treatment compared to those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we found that fibre-based interventions were not more effective in pain relief than children given placebo, and fibre-restricted diets were no better than low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharides and polyols) diets. We judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and significant heterogeneity. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low.
We found 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. The studies were conducted in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. The findings are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects and very low for costs.
We included 85 studies in our review. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income country, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. The review has identified key barriers and facilitators to the uptake of ANC services by pregnant women, and in the provision (or not) of good-quality ANC by healthcare providers, such as the provision of continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women’s need for privacy, and that allow staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, who respect women's belief that pregnancy is usually a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Healthcare providers also require sufficient training and education to do their job well, as well as an adequate salary, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to supplement their income, or to fund essential supplies. Such developments should include pregnant and pre-natal women, community members and other relevant stakeholders.
This review found 16 trials, involving 3361 patients, which showed that oral nimodipine reduced the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia in patients with aneurysmal SAH. However, the results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral Nimodipsine; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 739 children. All trials compared myeloablative therapy with conventional treatment or no treatment. The evidence is current to May 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the UK. The age of the children ranged from one year to 18 months. There was a significant difference in event-free survival between the treatment groups. However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses the difference in survival remained statistically significant, but the difference was not statistically significant. No information on quality of life was reported. No definitive conclusions can be made regarding adverse effects and quality of Life, although possible higher levels of adverse effects should be kept in mind. It is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease have been included in high-risk groups.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that fulfilled our inclusion criteria. The average age of men ranged from 16 years to 78 years. All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the evidence as low to very low certainty. We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced all-cause mortality at three years' follow-up (low-certainty evidence). However, this finding is based on only a small number of trials and the quality of the trials was very low. We are also very much uncertain in the results of the reported non-serious adverse events. The results of this review should be considered with caution because of the methodological weaknesses in the included trials, resulting in low- to verylow certainty.
This review found no randomised controlled trials that examined the effects of increasing energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements.
This review found 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) that compared two-dimensional ultrasound with an anatomical landmark technique for subclavian (arterial puncture, haematoma formation) or femoral vein (success on the first attempt) cannulation for central vein catheterization. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. No data on mortality or participant-reported outcomes were provided. The results for Doppler ultrasound versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain.
This review found 15 studies using four different methods of administration of physostigmine. Four studies, 29 people, used an intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people, use a controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 people, using a verum skin patch. The results from two of the four studies of the controlled release oral form apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. There are no usable results from these trials. There was no difference between the higher and lower dose of physiotherapies (higher and lower) for improvement of the ADAS-Cog score at 6, 12 weeks. There were significantly higher numbers of patients from the physiotherapist group withdrawing from the trial due to adverse effects (13/83 vs 5/93) and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating compared with placebo at 6 weeks. The best dose (12 mg/day) was associated with a significantly higher number of patients withdrawing due to side effects (196/358 vs 10/117). The double dose (delivering a maximum of 12 mg per day) resulted in a significant increase in side effects such as vomiting, nausea, abdominal cramps, abdominal pain, tremor, asthenia or sweating. The lower dose (a maximum of 5.7mg/day), which resulted in an increase in gastrointestinal complaints compared to placebo at 24 weeks, but with no benefit on cognition. The quality of the evidence for the efficacy and safety of physiotherapy for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's disease is limited.
We found 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people who had a history of stroke, and one trial recruited people with a mix of people with CVD and CVD. We found that fibrates were effective in preventing stroke, non-fatal stroke, myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death. However, this beneficial effect relies on the inclusion of clofibrate data, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to its unacceptably large adverse effects. There was no increase in adverse events with fibrate compared to control. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
This review found 12 trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (2453 women) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 women). All women received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the use of TA (moderate quality evidence). The effect of TA on maternal mortality, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events is uncertain.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine with placebo, paracetamol (one trial: 69 children) or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat influenza A in children and the elderly. We found no studies assessing the safety of amantadiine in elderly. The quality of the evidence was very low: 103 participants (RR 0.45; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.30) were included in the studies. The risk of influenza A was 10 per 100. The corresponding risk of flu A was one per 100 (95% CI 0 to 3). There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with amantdine or rimantadines. There was a lack of knowledge about the safety and benefits of rimantADine, do not indicate that amantadaline and rimadine compared to control (placebo or paracetamic acid) could be useful in preventing influenza A.
We found nine trials, which included 1512 women, that compared endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure or a sham procedure in women undergoing IUI or attempting to conceive via sexual intercourse. Most of the women were women with unexplained infertility. The evidence is current to May 2018. The quality of the evidence was assessed as very low or very low. The main reasons for this were most included studies were at a high risk of bias and had an overall low level of precision.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 3905 nursing home residents. We found no high-quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing pneumonia in nursing home-acquired pneumonia. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We were unable to combine the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We did not find any studies evaluating oral care compared to no oral care, or comparing oral care with usual care. The quality of the evidence was rated as low to very low, mainly because the studies were at high risk of bias.
This review found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (dummy pill), mesalazine plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate (a drug that is used to treat lymphocytic colitis) versus placebo. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was significantly more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. There were no differences in clinical remission at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment. Adverse events reported in the budesonides studies include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Side effects were reported as nausea, sleepiness and change of mood. No adverse events were reported in either study. The study which assessed mesaazine versus cholestroramine (4 g/day) was judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding. The other 3 studies were judged to have low risk of systematic errors.
This review found 12 randomised controlled trials with 3259 patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin. The duration of self-monitoring of blood glucose ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared SMBG with usual care without monitoring, one study compared SMBA with SMUG, one trial compared SMGA and SMUG with standard care and one study was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMGA with usual treatment and one trial was a trial comparing less intensive SMBG (with or without standard care) and more intensive SMGA (with a control group) with a control (control group). There was no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life. There were few data on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity.
This review found 11 studies involving 471 people with AsPD, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. The review found that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD.
This updated review included 11 studies with 1047 participants. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. There is no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for the common cold or for persisting acute purulent rhinitis in children or adults.
We found five trials (162 randomised participants) that compared antibiotic treatment with placebo or no treatment. The trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. One study declared funding by a pharmaceutical company. One trial (43 participants) assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week follow-up from start of treatment) and rifampicin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14-day treatment duration) for 14-week treatment duration (six weeks from start to treatment). None of the trials measured our efficacy primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term. The quality of the evidence was very low, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and high risks of outcome reporting bias) and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented.
We found 12 randomised trials enrolling 933 people with MS. Vitamin D₃ had no effect on recurrence of relapse, worsening of disability measured by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS), and MRI lesions. The effects of vitamin D on health-related quality of life and fatigue are unclear. One study reported that vitamin D improved ratings on the psychological and social components of the HRQOL scale, but had no effects on the physical components. Two studies reported fatigue using different scales. The other study reported no effect of Vitamin D on fatigue at 96 weeks' follow-up. One trial reported that Vitamin D reduced fatigue compared with placebo at 26 weeks' followed-up (very low-quality evidence according to GRADE). Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review.
We found 62 studies, with 4241 participants, that compared morphine with other opioids or other opioids. Pain relief with morphine was reported in a range of 12- or 24-hour dosing, and pain relief was reported for 12- to 24-day periods. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. The review also showed the wide range of morphine used in studies, and that a small percentage of participants are unable to tolerate oral morphine. Adverse events were common, predictable, and approximately 6% of participants discontinued treatment with morphine because of intolerable side effects. The effectiveness of morphine has stood the test of time, but the randomised trial literature for morphine is small given the importance of this medicine.
We found 14 trials involving 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery plus steroid injection versus steroid injection (five studies); open surgery plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection (one study); endoscopic surgery versus open surgery; and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery (transverse incision of the skin in the distal palmar crease, transversal incision (a cut in the skin about 2–3 mm distally from the skin) about 2-3 mm from the muscle, and longitudinal incision in the muscle) (one trial). The review found that open surgery provides benefits with respect to less triggering recurrence of trigger finger in the open surgery group, although it has the disadvantage of being more painful. We are uncertain whether open surgery increase the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) (18/140 (or 17/130 (or 65 per 1000) people) compared with 38/56 (or 678 per 1000 in the control group). Because of very low quality evidence from two trials and few event rates (270 participants) from six up to 12 months, we are uncertain if open surgery improves resolution of symptoms in the trigger finger when compared with steroid injection.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 931 participants, which tested different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, demonstrated a statistically significant overall survival (OS) benefit for RT plus PCV, with a median survival of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm (P value = 0.018). This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and it is unclear whether temozolaromide can be substituted for this.
We found five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Three trials (137 children) compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two trials (103 participants) compared oral montelukast against placebo (n = 103). We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not analysed as randomised. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (a measure of the severity of OSA) between the children receiving intranastasal corticosteroids and those in the placebo group (2 studies, 75 participants). We are also uncertain whether the secondary outcomes are different between the two treatment groups: desaturation index, respiratory arousal index, and nadir oxygen saturation (a measurement of the amount of oxygen in a child's blood) (moderate-certainty evidence). The certainty of the evidence for these outcomes was moderate for the primary outcome AHI, as well as the respiratory arousal score, and high for two secondary outcomes: respiratory arousal scores and respiratory arousals during sleep. The certainty for these secondary outcomes was high for both outcomes. The quality of evidence was also high for the main outcome desaturation score and the number of apnoeas, hypopnoeaas, and nasal arousals. We found no studies examining the use of surgical treatment for OSA as an outcome. The clinical relevance of the observed treatment effects remains unclear.
This review found no significant effects of systemic treatments compared with no intervention in preventing VTE in paediatric oncology patients with CVCs. However, this could be a result of the low number of included participants, which resulted in low power. We found no differences in adverse events (such as major and/or minor bleeding; none of the studies reported thrombocytopenia (HIT), heparin-induced thromboembolism (HITT), death due to VTE, removal of CVC due to CVC-related infection, and post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS)) between experimental and control groups. One participant developed an ischaemo-haemorrhagic stroke. One study provided information on other adverse events: None occurred. None occurred in the experimental group, as were 4/114 (3.5%) in the control group (best case scenario: risk ratio (RR) 0.65, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.09 to 4.55). Heterogeneity was substantial for this analysis: I2 = 73%. The attribution of LMWH to AT supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in symptomatic VTE (Fisher's exact test, two-sided P = 0.028) without bleeding complications; asymptomatic bleeding episodes, HIT, HITT and PTS among participants. None of the included in this review were reported in the intervention group, and 35/114 children were diagnosed with symptomatic bleeding, as well as 30.7%) among participants receiving AT supplementation. The effects of one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment were not evaluated. The quality of life was not reported in any of the trials. The number of children included in the trials was low.
This review found three trials with 287 participants operated on for TAAA. The first trial of 98 participants found that CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit (P = 0.039). The second trial of 33 participants used a combination of CSFD and intrathecal papaverine. In the third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%) participants and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) participants. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group versus 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving CSFD. Overall, CSFD reduced the risk of a neurological deficit by 80% compared to controls. For CSFD-only trials, OR was 0.57 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 0.92) and for intention-to-treat analysis (OR) only studies, the OR remained unchanged.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 662 people with Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which meant equal to or more than 75% reduction in PASI score), Withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate. We found no studies comparing NB-UVB with bath PUVA. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and differences between the included studies.
We found 21 studies with a total of 1525 people with faecal incontinence. We found some evidence that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may enhance the outcome of treatment compared to electrical stimulation alone or exercises alone. However, there is a suggestion that some elements of sphincter exercises may have a therapeutic effect, this is not certain. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training.
This review found 39 randomised trials that compared the use of a urinary catheter versus not using one. The trials were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. There was no difference in the number of people who developed urinary tract infections between the two groups. In six trials, a greater number of patients needed to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter rather than a suprapubic one was used following surgery (RR 3.66, 95% CI 1.41 to 9.49). In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggested that a catheter was removed earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days) with no pattern in respect to catheterisation. In a single small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed a significantly greater incidence of urinary tract infection and a delay in return to normal voiding (RR 2.50, 2.16 to 5.39). Despite reviewing 39 trials, few firm conclusions could be reached because of the multiple comparisons considered, the small size of individual trials, and their low quality. Whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of infection (especially infection) and risks of rechectation.
This review found 10 studies with 3340 participants. Seven studies (2239 participants) compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (dummy pill) and two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies (754 participants) used lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment, and one study (347 participants). The overall risk of bias was unclear. The review found no difference in the number of people who developed akathisia between the two treatments, except in terms of participant-reported akathismia. No significant differences in the frequency of movement disorders were noted between the treatments. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the efficacy and safety of the treatment, although its use leads to gastrointestinal disturbances and movement disorders. It also led to more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea (high quality evidence), constipation and constipation) and caused more children/adolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal.
This review found no evidence of significant difference between ethanol or urokinase lock treatments with concomitant systemic antibiotics and systemic antibiotics alone regarding the number of participants cured, the total number of recurrent CVC-related infections, the time until the first negative blood culture, CVCs prematurely removed, ICU admission and sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome. The cohort studies identified no adverse events; some cohort studies reported CVC malfunctioning. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. More well-designed RCTs are needed to further explore the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments in the treatment of CVC infections in children with cancer.
This review found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving a total of 348 people with acute whiplash-related pain. There is moderate quality evidence that an educational video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term, but not long-term follow-up. However, this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions, including advice to activate, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics and self-care strategies.
This Cochrane review found 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences, were included and formed the basis of a thematic synthesis, and which is presented in appendices to this Cochrane Review. There is insufficient rigorous evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS symptoms, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence).
Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults with dorsally displaced and potentially or evidently unstable fractures of the distal radius, were included in this review. While all trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation, there was considerable variation especially in terms of patient characteristics and interventions. There was insufficient evidence to establish a difference between the two groups in serious complications such as reflex sympathetic dystropy: 25/384 versus 17/347 (data from 11 trials); relative risk 1.31, 95% confidence interval 0.74 to 2.32. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for the fracture of the proximal radius in adults. Although there is not enough evidence to confirm a better functional outcome, external fixation reduces redisplacement, gives improved anatomical results and most of the excess surgically-related complications are minor.
This review found five studies (1127 patients) that assessed the effects of early removal of ureteric stents following kidney transplantation. It is uncertain whether early stent removal reduced the incidence of urinary tract infection (UTI) while it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. However, if an externalised PU stent was used there was no discernible difference in UTI incidence between the early and late stents.
We found five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs (fitted using the Hall Technique) with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using a Hall Technique fitted with a conventional crown fitted using an aesthetic stainless steel crown with white veneers. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs with non-restorative caries treatment. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk of major failure was lower in the crowns group in the long term, and in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. The quality of evidence for crowns compared to fillings, and for metal compared with aesthetic crowns, is very low.
This review found 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) that compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. Most studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomisation sequence was either generated or concealed. There was no difference between PEP and other treatments or series of treatments that continued for up to three months on this outcome (low- to moderate-quality evidence). However, long-term studies had equivocal or conflicting results regarding the effect of PEP on the number of lung exacerbations. In a study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux, this was more severe in infants performing PEP (26 infants). In PEP versus oscillating pEP, adverse events were only reported in the flutter group (five participants complained of dizziness, which improved after further instructions on device use was provided) (22 participants). There was little or no difference in terms of number of adverse events; however, infants in the PDPP group had fewer adverse events related to the lower airways when compared to infants in PEP with HFCWWO (high-certainty evidence). In one study where PEP was compared to HFCWHO, adverse effects were only in the FDPV group (22 infants). There were no adverse events in infants receiving either PDPWO or PEP. There were also no adverse effects in infants who received either device (26 babies). There is a need for further studies to determine the best treatment for people with CF.
This review found four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. All studies included adults over 18 years of age. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission and clinical response at week 8 (moderate certainty evidence). The number of participants achieving clinical response was 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the placebo groups, respectively. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% and 6.2% (40/650), respectively. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious side effects differs between CZPs and placebo as the 95% CI includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn’s disease, infections, and malignancy.
The review of trials found that the effects of drug treatments for heart failure in people with CKD are uncertain and there is a lack of evidence to support the use of drugs to treat heart failure. We found that aldosterone antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, serelaxin, sinus node inhibitors, vasodilators, and vasopressin receptor antagonists (ARB) may reduce the risk of death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension, or quality of life in CKD patients. Treatment with ACEi or ARB, or angiotensin receptor blockers have uncertain effects on hospitalisation for CKD, as treatment estimates were consistent with either benefit or harm. Adenosine A1-receptor antagonists (ACEi) may increase the risks of hyperkaliemia compared to placebo or no treatment. Treatment of ACEi and ARB may reduce hospitalisation and hospitalisations for heart disease, but the certainty of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and differences between the studies and the way that the studies were conducted.
This review found three studies involving a total of 1945 women. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. The review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies, but there was no statistically significant difference between groups.
We found two trials involving 54 participants with CVI. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups, while the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and small sample size.
This review found that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient global assessment; and at different post injection periods but especially at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. It is important to note that the magnitude of the clinical effect, as expressed by the RevMan 4.2 output, is different for different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables and trial designs. In general, few adverse events were reported in the hyaluronan/hylan trials included in these analyses. However, within the constraints of the trial designs employed no major safety issues were detected.
This review found 10 randomised clinical trials with a total of 4052 women with primary PPH unresponsive to uterotonics and/or haemostatics. Misoprostol (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) with simultaneous administration of additional uterotonic therapy did not provide any additional benefit for maternal mortality, serious maternal morbidity, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy. One study compared lower segment compression but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. Two trials attempted to test the effectiveness of estrogen and tranexamic acid, respectively, but were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes.
This review of trials found that routine supplementation of cysteine-free PN in preterm infants improves nitrogen balance. However, there is not enough evidence to assess the risks of the use of N-acetylcysteine supplementation, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of treatment.
We found 77 trials including 6287 participants that met the inclusion criteria of this review. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes: mortality at maximal follow-up, serious adverse events, and health-related quality of life, the outcomes that determine whether a treatment should be used. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus, 14 trials included people without diabetes mellitis, and 14 trials involved only participants without diabetes. The trials lasted from one month to 24 months. We found no evidence of difference in the number of deaths between thiazolidinediones and no intervention. There was no difference between antioxidants and no treatment. None of the trials reported death at maximal treatment time, serious side effects, or the proportion of people with serious adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was very low. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with NAFLD including those with a history of stroke. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary.
We found 15 studies of which 1172 people with MCI at baseline were identified in the 15 included studies. The accuracy of the CSF t-tau was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity of this test ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity of the test ranged between 48% and 88%. At the median specificity of 72%, the estimated sensitivity was 75% (95% CI 67 to 85), the positive likelihood ratio was 2.72 (95%) and the negative likelihood ratio (0.32) was 0.32 (95%. CI 0.22 to 0.47). Six studies (164 cases and 328 non-case) evaluated the accuracy of CSF p-tao. The sensitivity was between 80% and 96% and the specificity was between 33% and 95%. We did not find a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. We were not able to formally assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of studies available to be included. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, index test methodology and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). According to the assessment of index test domain, eight of 15 studies were of poor methodological quality. A significant number of the 15 studies had unclear risk of bias for the reference standard, participant selection and flow and timing domains. The quality of the studies was poor.
We found three studies involving 170 men undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (RALRP). The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. All included men were male and were male. All studies were of low to very low quality. We found evidence that propofol reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) after RALRP compared with inhalational anaesthesia (sevoflurane, desflurane). However, it is unclear whether this surrogate outcome translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce.
We found 14 studies with 1,601,515 pregnant women. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. We found that maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of foetal death, low birth weight, preterm delivery, fofetal death and low Apgar score, but we did not observe this effect when potent to very potent topical steroids were given during pregnancy. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of low birth weights in women who received potent or very potent steroid injections during pregnancy, but there were significant differences between the two subgroups (P = 0.93, 95% confidence interval (OR) 1.81 to 1.96, 2 cohort studies, 9512, low quality evidence). The quality of the evidence was rated as low to very low. The evidence is current to May 2018.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met the inclusion criteria of this review. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches in July 2014. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroid or placebo (a dummy treatment) and without topical steroidoid. All trials reported data on visual acuity ranging from three weeks to one year, and none of the trials found any important difference between the steroid group and the control group. However, the SCUT reported that time to re-epithelialization was 53% slower than the placebo group after adjusting for baseline epithelial defect size (hazard ratio (HR) 0.47; 95% confidence interval (CI) - 0.23 to 0.94). However, there was no important difference in the time to the first time that the glaucoma returned to normalization (time to the surface of the cornea) between the two treatment groups. The trial reported quality of life and concluded that there were no differences between the treatment groups (data not available). We did not only for the treatment group and no treatment group. The investigators reported that more patients in the control groups developed intraocular pressure (IOP) elevation (i.e. an increase in the risk of developing a cataroscopy, which is a measure of the amount of pressure in the brain that can lead to a person’s vision). The investigators of the trial reported no difference between treatment effect differences between groups. We found no reports regarding economic outcomes. The trials were generally of good methodological design, but all trials had considerable losses to follow-up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four trials were underpowered to detect a difference between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements prevented meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to the review.
We found four trials with 450 participants. We found no evidence from randomised trials that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic treatment with respect to functional outcome. The quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). At the end of follow-up, there was a non-significant increase in the proportion of participants who died in the vascular intervention group. There was no difference in the percentage of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. We considered the quality of the evidence to be low.
We found only one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. No evidence showed that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, standardised mean difference (SMD) or psychosocial development (parental report of abnormal development, risk ratio (RR) 1.21, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.01 to 0.78, 137 participants, very low-quality evidence). No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one trial that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of centre care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries.
In total, 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices were identified through the screening process. Eleven of these have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. However, none of the currently available histologic scoring indices have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is required.
We found three randomised trials that evaluated intramedullary nailing versus plating in 213 participants, with useable data from 173 participants of whom 112 were male. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all outcomes. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at high risks of selection, detection and attrition bias. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of surgery or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults.
We found 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants: eight studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk of recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (RR) for recurrent stroke, for major vascular event 0.90, and for dementia 0.88 (high-quality evidence). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering in people with stroke or TIA was 1.80 (95%. CI 0.63 to 1.00), and the pooled RR for major and dementia was 2.58. We found that BPLD reduced the number of people with recurrent stroke by an average of 0.80, and the risk of major vascular events 0.58 (0.80). We mainly observed a reduction in recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal blood pressure target after stroke and TIA.
The review of trials found that B-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside (WA184) improves urinary symptoms and flow measures. However, the long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. We found that inhaled corticosteroids increase the risk of asthma-related mortality in adults with asthma. There is no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events when regular Salmeterol was compared with placebo or placebo. One extra serious side effect occurred over 28 weeks for every 188 people treated with regular salmeterOL (95% CI 95 to 2606). There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults.
This review found no evidence from controlled clinical trials that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants with respiratory distress. No significant effects were found in use of mechanical ventilation, duration of ventilation, air leak, CLD at 28 days in survivors, patent ductus arteriosus, intraventricular haemorrhage or necrotising enterocolitis.
We found 38 randomised trials with a total of 1828 participants. Eight trials had a low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. The review found that the use of non-absorbable disaccharides may have a beneficial effect on mortality when including all trials with extractable data (1487 participants) and in the eight trials (705 participants). The Trial Sequential Analysis with the relative risk reduction (RRR) reduced to 30% confirmed the findings, but not when we reduced the RRR to 22%. Compared with placebo/no intervention, the non-abdominal disacharides were associated with beneficial effects on hepatic encephalopathy. We found no differences between lactulose and lactitol for the remaining outcomes (very low quality evidence). The review also found no significant differences between the two treatments for prevention, overt, or minimal hepaticencephalopathy (a complication of hepatic cirrhosis). The quality of the evidence was very low.
In this 2019 update, 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) were included in this review. Bisphosphonate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, however low certainty in the evidence indicates it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (low or very low certainty evidence). It is uncertain whether treatments prevent other bone complications after kidney transplation, including spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis (very low or very high certainty evidence), or graft rejection (low certainty evidence) or graft loss (low confidence evidence). Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low or low certainty.
This review found four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol daily. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours) and one trial studied a single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain.
We found 15 trials involving 3057 people with acute rhinosinusitis. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. We found that antibiotics shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. Cure rates with antibiotics were higher when a fluid level or total opacification in any sinus was found on computed tomography. However, 13 more people experienced side effects with antibiotics compared to placebo and no treatment (high-quality evidence). A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinoinusitis diagnosed either clinically or confirmed by imaging (low to unclear risk of bias, moderate-quality trial) is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse effects.
This review found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2515 patients. Three RCTs (all performed in Asian countries) compared D3 with D2 lymphadenectomy: data suggested no significant difference in survival between these two types of lymph node dissection. Data for DFS were available only from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Five trials (n = 3 European; n = 2 Asian) compared a D2 to a D1 treatment: OS (OS) and DFS (DFS) findings showed no difference between the two types. However, the quality of evidence being moderate, however, D2 treatment was associated with a higher risk of death.
This review found 13 studies involving 1158 people. The review found that oral naltrexone did not perform better than placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of people re-incarcerated during the study period. However, the quality of the studies was low.
We found two studies that examined the effects of changing the consistency of fluids for swallowing difficulties in dementia. Both studies were part of the same large multicentre trial and included 351 people with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration during videofluoscopy, but this consistency showed more adverse effects. During the second three-month follow-up trial, there were a greater number of incidents of pneumonia in participants receiving honey thick liquids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or taking regular liquids with a chin down posture. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluososcopy for people who have dementia.
This review found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found between natural cycle and standard IVF in live birth rates, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities or cycle cancellations. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was significantly lower in the natural cycle group (MD -4.40, 95% CI -7.87 to -0.93, 60 women, very low quality evidence). There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. The evidence was limited by imprecision. The quality of the evidence was very low for live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth, treatment costs and adverse effects.
We found 12 studies involving 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year. We found that Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres) and better lung function (i.e. forced expiratory volume in one second) in people who took part in Tai Chi compared with people who did not take part. However, the effects of Tai Chi in reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. No adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
We found 72 trials that involved 2470 participants. We found that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups (SMD 0.49, 0.21 to 0.77, 10 studies, 210 participants, low-quality evidence). There was no difference between the two groups in activities of daily living (ADL) or quality of life. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs; however, these findings were not statistically significant. There were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. Twenty-three studies reported that they monitored for adverse events; across these studies there were few side effects and most reported were mild.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1330 participants. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Fluoroquinolines added to standard regimens A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line regimen. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 participants, very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). We are uncertain whether there is a difference in the number of people who die or relapse from TB. For relapse, we are also uncertain if the substitution has little or no effect. For deaths, relapse, or serious adverse events, we do not know if there was an effect. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether the addition or substitution of fluoroquolones for ethambutol or isoniazid in the first line regimen reduces death or relapse or increases culture conversion at eight weeks. No trials reported on treatment failure. Treatment failure and relapse were not reported. There were no trials on treatment relapse or relapse. There was no difference between the two regimens in sputums conversion, or recurrence of TB, or relapse and relapse.
