Spread of cancer to the lungs looks better than before. A pea sized growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than before.. Prior thyroid surgery.
Mild damage, mucus blockage, and thickening of the airways is due to large airways disease. Severe hardening of one of the valves of the aorta. A valve in the heart is severly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
The thyroid is bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs as seen before.
Mild damage of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the left lung. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is a quarter sized growth in the top of the left lung.
Growth and hazy gray area in the top of the right lung looks worse than before. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There are many tiny growths in the lungs. Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
An area of fluid or inflammation and fluid around the lung due to foreign body aspiration is no longer seen. There is a foreign body in the bottom of the right lung. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild fluid in the windpipe.
There is some loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Mild fatty liver.
Old collapse of the middle of the right lung with fluid in the airways. Old loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. New hazy gray area and thickening at the bottom of the left lung. Damage and destruction of the airway in the bottom and new mass like area of fluid or inflammation is seen again. Patchy hazy areas of haziness look worse than before. A quarter sized spot in the left lower lung looks smaller than the last scan. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lungs. There are growths in the right thyroid. Fractures in right ribs are healed.
Patchy spots in both lungs with areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of the lungs. Small amount of abnormal air in the chest. Smoking related changes in the right chest.
A large growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. An 8.8-inch growth on the top of the right lung looks smaller than before. There is more fluid around the lungs with growths and growths in the lungs. There are enlarged lymph nodes around the heart. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. An enlarged lymph node near the windpipe is unchanged. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm as seen before. Low blood count. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
There is mild damage of the airways of the bottom of the right lung with some mucus blockage. Loss of air in the left lung is seen again. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. The airways are thickened. There is a tiny airway bulging through the diaphragm. Severe smoking-related lung changes. Patchy spots in the right lower lung may be due to infection or swallowing something into the lung. Prior removal of the esophagus. There are more tiny lymph nodes in the chest than before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. Prior surgery of the chest. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit is bigger than before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung.
The aorta is mildly hardened. Prior surgery of the right breast and armpit.
Growths in the middle of the right lung, signs of inflammation in the airways, and scarring are seen again and are probably due to small airway disease. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Mild loss of air in the bottom of the lungs.
A few small growths in the lungs look smaller than before. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A growth in the top of the right lung is blocking airways as seen before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same or mildly bigger than before. There is a fatty growth in a shoulder muscle.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung are seen again. Prior surgery of the esophagus. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Abnormal fluid in the lung looks bigger than before.
There is a new pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. There are other tiny growths in the lung. Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Age related changes are seen in the spine. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. A fingernail sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. There is a pouch in the top of the aorta. Severe hardening of both blood vessels of the heart with hardening. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. The valve in the heart is hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is a new tiny growth in the top of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in both armpits look the same as before.
There is thickening and damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The tops of both lungs are scarred. Mucus blockage of the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
Spots in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. Fluid is seen in the airways of the right lung. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Gallstones.
A walnut sized spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other small growths in the lungs look the same a before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones of the armpit and arm.
A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Spread of cancer to a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Small growths in the top of the right lung look the same as before. Smoking related changes and damage and thickening of the airways in the tops of the lungs is seen again. Mild mucus blockage of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before.
The heart's blood vessels and the aorta's valve are hardened.
There is a group of tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. There is abnormal fluid and material in the gastric conduit. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Right kidney stone. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Old fractures in the right ribs.
Tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the right part of the thyroid looks the same a before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Thickening and hazy gray areas in the lungs are probably due to fluid in the body. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have different causes. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe and heart are seen. An enlarged lymph node in the right chest is hardened. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. A valve in the heart and the valve of the aorta are hardened.
The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs. The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Growths in the thymus.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the left lung. Mild loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the right lung look worse than before and thickening in the bottom of the right lobe is seen again. There is more fluid aroud than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the chest looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine is bigger than before.
Abnormal fluid in the airways of the top of the right lung. There is mild thickening and damage of the airway. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Mild thickening of the lungs looks better than before. Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs are getting better. Groups of tiny growths in the top and bottom of the left lung are probably due to airway disease. Small groups of tiny spots in the left upper and lower lobes. Small amount of fluid around the right lungs, the same as before. Left lung fluid is no longer seen. The esophagus has been removed. The heart is bigger than normal. Part of the heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
A large growth in the right lung is blocking the airways. Area of fluid or inflammation and area of fluid/mucus blockage may be due to prior lung surgery. Smoking related changes in the lungs. The aorta and blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is mildly wider than normal probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. Left adrenal gland is enlarged.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart and the aorta's valve. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. A lymph node in the chest has increased in size and is bigger than normal. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. New pea-sized spot in the right back skin.
Mild thickneing of the airways and mucus blockage. New ladybug sized hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung. New signs of inflammation in the right airways. Spots in the top of the left lung look better than before. The left half of the thyroid has been removed. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the lower spine. Prior surgery of a right shoulder.
Mild damage of the airways. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other smaller growths in the lung look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery. The beginning of the aortas is hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs with fluid filled sacs in the lungs. The tops of both lungs are scarred. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks smaller than before. Mucus blockage of the airways in the right upper lobe is no longer seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Spots and growths in the bottom of the right lung are seen again.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Damage of the airways is seen again and looks the same as before. Patchy spots in the top of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are probably due to infection. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. There are some tiny growths in the lungs that were not seen before. The main blood vessel coming out of the lungs is bigger than normal probably due to high blood pressure in the lung.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Hazy gray areas in the lungs look worse than before with a new area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. There is more fluid around the left lung than before.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung and the bottom of the left lung look worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal.
Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus is due to large airways disease. Scarring or loss of air in both lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. There are a few tiny growths in the lungs. Prior heart surgery. Fracture of a right rib.
Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the right lung. Group of tiny growths in the top of the left lung with some hardening. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
There are hazy gray areas with areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The heart is bigger than normal. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine.
A spot in the left lung is probably a lymph node. There is an enlarged lymph node in the chest. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickneing of the airways with some mucus blockage. There is a pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung. There are lots of blood vessels in the right jugular.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the spine.
Mildly thickened ariways. There is a tiny amount of abnormal air around the right lung. A tiny hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung is probably due to infection or inflammation.
The bottom of the right lung is collapsed. Spread of cancer to the lungs looks the same as before. Prior radiation treatment in the right breast. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened. There is hardening of the liver. Abnormal pouches in the abdomen are seen. This looks worse than before.
Mild thickening of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation with scarring in the bottom of the left lung are smaller than before. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A large fatty growth in the right lung looks the same as before. Small growths in the lungs. Damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The valve of the aortinga is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs with airways is probably due to swallowing something into the lungs or pneumonia. Other hazy gray areas in the lungs may be related. Old left rib fracture.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Loss of height in bones of mid spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
Mild damage and thickening of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lugs. There is scarring in both lungs. Mild thickening in the bottom of the left lung is probably due to scarring. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Gallstones.
There is mild loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Groups of growths in the top of the right lung look smaller than before with some still remaining tiny growths. Other small lung growths look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Loss of air in the left lung looks the same as before. Growths in the lungs look the same a before. There is mucus in the top of the windpipe.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks smaller than before.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung. A pea-sized growh in the left lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen. Lymph nodes near the windpipe are bigger than normal. There is an enlarged lymph node near the winpipe. Small amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. There is a pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung and a pea-sized hazy grey growths in the bottom of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. A patchy pattern of the bottoms of the lungs is probably due to small airways disease. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit. A quarter sized growth in the right part of the thyroid is unchanged. A valve in the heart is hardened. Prior heart surgery. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation and loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Areas of water or inflammation looks better than before. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is a small amount of fluid around the right lung and a tiny amount of mucus around the left lung. Abnormal material in the windpipe and airways. The heart is bigger than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs and in the top of the left lung. Patchy spots in the right lung. New moderate amount of fluid around both lungs. There is a new large outpouching off of the heart. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look better than before.
There are tiny growths in both lungs. There is a group of growths grouped together in the tops of the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The beginning of the esophagus is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening and damage of the airways is seen due to scarring. There are hardened spots in both lungs. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Hardened spots in the lungs look the same as before. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes, damage and thickening of the airways, and mucus blockage. Growths in the left lung look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left chest look the same as before.
A spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. There are spots in the aorta. The blood vessels of the heart are severly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Prior surgery of the heart as seen before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the aorta and heart's valves. The left part of the heart is bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and around the esophagus are seen. A small amount of fluid is around the heart.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of both lungs are seen, probably due to swallowing something into the lungs or loss of air. The top of the aorta is wider than normal. Enlarged breast tissue.
Thickening of the airways is probably due to infection or asthma. Abnormal air in the chest and neck.
There are smoking-related lung changes. Scattered spots in the lungs are seen. Small amount of fluid around both lungs.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. There are new tiny growths in the right upper lung. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The heart is bigger than normal.
Thickening of the tops of the lungs is probably due to fluid in the lungs. There is loss of air in the left lung. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the right thyroid looks the same as before.
Fluid around both lungs with some loss of air looks the same as before.
There are smoking-related lung changes. There is a sac in the liver. The aorta is hardened. Age related changes in the shoulders.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is some thickening of the top of the left lung. Smoking related changes of the lungs are seen. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine with prior surgery is seen again.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit and chest are bigger than before. Lymph nodes around the right lung are increasing in size. An enlarged lymph node in the chest is now bigger than normal. There is more enlargement of lymph nodes near the heart. There are more enlarged lymph nodes under the skin in the lower back.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the left lung are almost gone and were probably due to infection. Thickening and damage of the airways in the bottom of both lungs. There is a patchy hazy gray area in the top of the right lung that may be due to loss of air. Mild airway damage. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Prior surgery of the left kidney. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal.
A ladybug sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A fingernail sized hazy gray growth is seen again in the top of the left lung. Destructive spots in the bones of the mid spine look bigger than before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Thickening and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs are seen again and are probably due to scarring. Hardened lymph nodes in the chest and around the heart look the same as before. A valve in the heart is hardened.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lung and chest. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
There is mild damage and thickening of the airways due to large airway disease. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Smoking related changes and scarring of the tops of the lungs is seen.
Spread of cancer to both lungs looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Loss of air in the bottom of both lungs is seen.
Prior surgery of the middle of the right lung. Growths in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to airway disease. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Destructive and hardened spot in a right rib looks the same as before.
There is a quarter sized growth in the top of the right lung with a button sized growth tethering to the left lung. There is a grape sized growh in the bottom of the Right lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Spots in the spine.
There is loss of air and scarring of the bottom of both lungs.
There are new tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Small airway disease in the top of the right lung. Spread of cancer to the bones with some rib fractures.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung looks the same a before.
Groups of growths in the lungs are seen again. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Abnormal fluid in the middle of the right lung and the bottom of the left lung may be due to multiple spots or infection. There are multiple growths in the tops of the lungs. Small amount of air around both lungs with chest tubes in place. Age related changes in the mid of the spine. There is some abnormal air under the skin.
There is a new tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. Thickening and growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to loss of air. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Hardening of the aorta is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
The heart is bigger than normal. Spots in the bones and soft tissues are probably due to spread of cancer.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. There are hardened spots in both lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Groups of growths in both lungs are seen, probably due to lung disease.
The tops of the lungs are scarred. There is a sac in the bottom of the right lung.
A spot in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is bigger than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Spots in the spine are bigger than before with some loss of height.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are multiple new spread of cancer to the lungs. The left part of the heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. There is a spot in a bone of the mid spine.
Scarring in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Gallstones.
Mild thickening of the airways. The right kidney has been removed.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs. Prior heart surgery.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Spot in the right breast may be due to age-related changes.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. There is a large area of fluid or inflammation. Other small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Signs of inflammation in the airways is seen, probably due to airway disease. Small amount of fluid around the right lung. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine. There are hardened spots in both breasts.
There are tiny growths in the lungs.
Mucus blockage of the lungs. An area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung is smaller than before due to healing. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Old left rib fracture.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Mucus is blocking airways in the middle of the right lung. Smoking related changes. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Mild damage of the airways. There is another fingernail sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung. There are other hazy growths in the right lungs. Growths in the left lungs. Other tiny growths look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Spread of cancer to the bones looks worse than before.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs look better than before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. The valve of theaorta is hardened.
There are spots in the tops of the lungs. Prior thyroid surgery. The blood vessels of the heart are bigger than normal. Low blood count.
There are some smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A tiny growth in the left lung looks the same as before. Sacs in the lungs are seen again and are probably due to fat in the body. Growths in both sides of the left thyroid look smaller than before.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before.
The airways are thickened. Mucus blockage of the lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty liver. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal which may be due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. Small amount of fluid around the heart.
Growth in the left lung is probably a lymph node. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and chest. There are enlarged lymph nodes near both collar bones.
There are low lung volumes. Damage of the airways is seen again. Thickening of the tops of both lungs looks the same as before.
There are a few new tiny growths in the lungs. New spots in the thymus.
Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. Smoking-related lung changes. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as before. Small growths are seen in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening in the right lung is probably due to prior radiation therapy. Prior thyroid surgery. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
There is loss of air in both lungs. Mild damage of the airways in the bottoms of the lungs is probably due to accidentally swalling something into the lungs. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Pencil eraser sized growths in the lungs look the same as before. Button sized growth in the right lung may be a tissue or a lymph node. Mild thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest, armpit, and chest are seen. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the body are mildly hardened. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes of the mid spine.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are some small growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening and fluid around the right lung looks the same as before. There is a new fingernail sized growth in the top of the left lung. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe and other lymph nodes in the chest and around the heart. Part of the heart is bigger than normal.
Fractures in the ribs on both sides are healed. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is some loss of air. Tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Old fluid collection in the right lungs. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A patchy area of fluid or inflammation and hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to pneumonia. Signs of inflammation in the airways.
There are severe smoking related changes in both lungs. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of both lungs could be due to scarring. Spots in the lungs are probably due to mucus blockage. There is a small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
The heart is bigger than normal. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit are bigger than before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
Old scarring, thickening, and damage of the airways of the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung. Scattered tiny growths in the lungs are seen. The esophagus is wider than normal and part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Prior heart surgery. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Gallstones.
Mild hazy gray areas with thickening of the lungs. Small amount of fluid around the right lung. Abnormal air in the chest is probably due to recent surgery. Prior surgery of the aorta. There is swelling of the body wall.
There are hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs with thickening. Small amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air at the bottom of the lung. Small right lung fluid. The heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count. There is a moderate amount of mucus around the lungs.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Inflammation of the airways looks better than before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Thickening and damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs is due to large airways disease. Scarring in the middle of the right lung. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. A tiny growth is seen in the lung. The esophagus is thickened with fluid and abnormal material which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Groups of growths in the lungs are seen again and are probably lymph nodes. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks bigger than before. New tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Other small growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation with damage of the airways in the top of the right lung look the same as before and are probably due to new cancer in the lungs. An area of fluid and hazy gray areas in the lung looks worse than before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same size as before.
A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. There is a blood clot in the right lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
Thickening and mucus blockage of the airways. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The liver is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Small amount of abnormal air around the right lung. Loss of air and areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs. Prior surgery of the esophagus. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. There is more fluid around the left lung with associated inflammation.
Prior surgery of the tops of the lungs as seen before. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. A dime sized growth in the top of the left lung looks bigger than before. Growths in the lung look smaller than before.. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Gallstones. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Age related changes in the middle spine. There is a fatty growth in the left chest.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Small amount of fluid around the lungs with some loss of air at the bottoms. Mild thickening of the lungs. Area of fluid or inflammation in the middle of the right lung with some hazy gray areas. Loss of air in the lung is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Prior surgery of the chest. The heart is bigger than normal. The valve of the aorta is severly hardened. There is a tiny amount of abnormal air around the lung before surgery.
A large spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is a large amount of fluid around the left lung with loss of air. The esophagus is also thickened. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Prior stomach surgery. The gallbladder has been removed.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lung, one which is unchanged. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Right kidney stone. Age related changes of the middle of the spine. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
There is a moderate amount of air around the right lung. Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs are probably due to COVID pneumonia. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Mild damage of the airways, especially in the top of the right lung. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. There is mucus in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is hardened.
There are new group of hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A fingernail sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same a before. Smoking-related lung changes. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is more fluid around both lungs than before. Loss of air near fluid around the lungs is seen again. There is a new small amount of air around the right lung which is abnormal. New hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the left lung may be due to swallowing something into the lungs or infection. Spots in the tops of both lungs are seen again and are probably due to prior radiation treatment.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs look worse than before. New tiny amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Low blood count.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before with new and larger growths. Spread of cancer to the breastbone looks the same as before.
There are growths in the tops of both lungs. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Abnormal mucus in the right airways. Small amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
There are growths in the lungs. Thickening of the airways.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones is seen again. Fracture in the breastbone is healed.
There is a new tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. This should be payed attention to on follow up. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Scarring, damage, thickening, and damage of the airways of the bottom of the lungs is due to scarring. Signs of inflammation of the aireays in the top of the right lung are seen again. A spot in the lung with areas of fluid or inflammation is seen again and is seen through the right airways. There is a small amount of fluid around the lungs. The esophagus is wider than normal and has some abnormal fluid probably due to acid reflux. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Small amount of abdominal fluid is seen a again.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior surgery of the aorta. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. A small part a hernia is bulging through the skin. Part of the heart is bigger than normal and there has been prior heart surgery. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Left kidney stone.
A large area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs are probably due to infection or inflammation. Scarring and hardening of the tops of both lungs. Mild thickneing of the airways. Mucus blockage of the lungs.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. Thickening and thickening in the middle of the right lung. There is more thickening of the lung than before. Tiny spots in the lungs are probably due to small airway disease. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels and a valve in the lung are hardened.
There is a ladybug sized growth in the left lung. The heart is bigger than normal. The hearts valves, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickneing of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta's valve are hardened. A valve in the heart is hardened.
A pea sized spot in the middle of the right lung is probably a lymph node. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung is seen.
Mucus is blocking parts of the airways. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung is smaller than before. More growths in the right upper lobe look the same as before. New button sized hazy gray area in the left upper lung. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lungs. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The valve of the aorta is hardened. Low blood count. The gallbladder has been removed.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung is no longer seen. Pencil eraser sized growths in the bottom of the left lung are smaller than before. Tiny growths and hazy gray areas in the lungs look smaller and are almost gone. There is a new thickening and damage of the airways in both lungs due to prior radiation treatment. Small amount of fluid around the right lungs. The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened. Growth in the right breast is now bigger than normal.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. There is a pea sized hazy gray area in the bottom of the left lung. A tiny growth is seen in the right lower lung. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways is probably due to airways disease. A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks smaller than before. A pea sized growh in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Growths in the right lower lobe look the same a before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. There is a small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. Spread of cancer to the mid spine looks the same as before. Prior surgery of the left breast.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny spot in the right lung looks the same as before and is probably a lymph node. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve and the top of the aneurysm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and theaorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. There is damage of the airways and scarring in the top of the right lung. Thickening of the lungs. Small amount of fluid around both lungs, probably due to fluid in the body. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Abnormal fluid and material in the esophagus may be due to acid reflux or it not moving properly. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal which can be seen due to high blood pressure in the lung. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are severly hardened. Low blood count. Age related changes in the spine.
A fingernail sized spot in the bottom of the right lung is seen and could be due to mucus blockage. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Old loss of height of breastbone. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the left lung as seen before. There is a small amount of air around the lung that may be due to air not being able to leave the lung due to prior lung surgery. There are also other areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs. Also, there is abnormal fluid in the lung which is probably due to infection. Smoking related changes in the top of the right lung are seen. Abnormal pouches in the windpipe are seen again. The right part of the heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably because of high blood pressure in the heart. A lymph node in the right chest is larger than the others.
Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung looks better than before. Areas of fluid or inflammation in the right lung look better than the last scan but there are still hazy gray areas and spots. Fluid around the left lungs is no longer seen. The heart looks bigger than normal as seen before. Age related changes in the middle spine with some loss of height of a few vertebral bodies look the same as before.
Small amount of fluid around both lungs. There is a small amount of air around the left lung.
A small amount of air is not able to leave the bottom of the left lung. There is a spot in the top of the right lung. Smoking-related lung changes. There are smoking related changes in both lungs.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Mild loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. There is a hardened spot in a right rib. The spleen is bigger than normal. There are sacs in the left kidney. Spread of cancer to the liver.
There are new hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung.
An area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung is bigger than before. An area of airway area in the top of the lungs is also seen. The heart is much bigger than normal.
Enlarged lymph nodes near the right collar bone are bigger than before and are pushing on the right thyroid. Other lymph nodes in the chest have decreased in size and are smaller than normal. A lymph node in the right lung is smaller than before. An enlarged lymph node near the left armpit is bigger than last time. Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. A grape sized growth in the top of the lung is less than before, now the size of a quarter. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart as seen before.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung is probably due to loss of air. A tiny growth in the middle of the left lung looks the same as before and is probably not cancerous. Old rib fractures on the left are seen again.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung due to the large part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. The stomach is bulging into the stomach. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung near scarring. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A tiny growth is seen in the left upper lung. A pea-sized growth is noted in the bottom of the right lung. There is a pea in the middle of the Right lung. Growths in the right lower lung are seen. Damage and scarring of the airways with mucus blockage. Spot in the lung is probably due to mucus.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same a before.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. There is less fluid around both lungs than before. Prior surgery of the esophagus. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
A pea sized growth in the top of the right lung is probably due to spread of cancer.
Growths in the lungs look worse than before. New areas of fluid or inflammation in the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The esophagus is widened. A blood clot in the lung is seen again. There is a moderate amount of fluid around the heart. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Hardened spread of cancer to the spine, breastbone, and ribs.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the lungs. Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are some small growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The valve of the aorta is hardened and there is a pouch in the lung as seen before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of both lungs. Scarring and loss of air in the top of the right lung. Tiny growths in the left thyroid. A small amount of fluid is around the heart.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Pneumonia in the lungs looks better than before. There is less damage of the airways. Moderate amount of abnormal air around the right lung. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Severe smoking-related lung changes. Mild thickneing of the airways. Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A fingernail sized growth in the top of the right lung looks bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a small amount of fluid around the heart. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than before. New enlarged lymph node near the left collar bone. Hardening of the liver.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Areas of fluid or inflammation with damage of the airways. Growths in the thyroid look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Fluid around the lungs with loss of air looks the same as before. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Small amount of fluid around the heart is unchanged as seen before.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Smoking related changes and thickening of the airways.
Mild thickening and damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lugs. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The aorta is hardened.
Enlarged lymph node in the left lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening of the lungs looks worse than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look bigger than before.. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There is some loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before.
There are growths in both lungs. The growths look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Fat in the top of the abdomen is seen again.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Small growths in the top of the right lung are seen. Other tiny lung growths are the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of both lungs and scarring. The airways are thickened. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
There is damage of the airways and mucus blockage in the left lung. There is a group of tiny spots probably due to airway disease. The heart's blood vessels, aorta's valve, and its valve are hardened. Gallstones.
The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal as seen before. The main blood vessel of the lung is mildly wider. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Hardening of part of the right chest. Age related changes in the right shoulder.
Signs of inflammation of the airways in the top of the left lung are seen and are probably due to infection. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the right chest looks the same a before.
There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the right lung with some spots. Tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Loss of air in the middle of the lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm and the end of the esophagus is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart, the aorta, and the valvular valve are mildly hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the lungs are no longer seen. There is more thickening and damage of the lining of the left lung due to prior radiation treatment.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs are unchanged. Mild damage and mucus blockage of the airways in the left lung is seen again. Loss of height loss in a bone of the lower spine.
There are severe smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other small growths in the lung look the same as before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of both blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The aortas valve is hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A button sized growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than before. New tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung. New patchy spots and signs of inflammation in the airways in the left upper lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Lymph nodes in the chest are smaller than normal and there is less fluid around the hilum and decreased enlargement of the lymph nodes. The hearts valves and aorta are hardened. Hardening of a left rib.
There is a patchy pattern of the lungs with some thickening. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. New groups of tiny growths in the top of the right lung. New tiny growth in the middle of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a tiny area of fluid or inflammaiton in the right lung. There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe and airways of the bottom of the right lobe. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior radiation treatment and loss of air in the top of the left lung. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look bigger than before. Prior surgery of the aorta and its valve. Abnormal fluid around the repair is probably due to prior surgery. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are unchanged. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
A large growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. A quarter sized growth now measures 2.2 cm in size. A fingernail sized growth is the same as before. Growths in the lung have increased in size and are bigger than normal. A ladybug sized growth in left lung has gotten smaller. A penny sized hazy gray growth with a pencil eraser-sized solid part that looks like water is unchanged. Smoking-related lung changes. The airways are thickened. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are connected to the growth as seen before. Parts of the esophagus are widened and have abnormal fluid and material. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Small amount of fluid around the lung is no longer seen.
Mild damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. A group of tiny spots in the top of the right lung is probably due to small airways disease. Scarring in the bottom of both lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Hazy gray areas are seen in both lungs. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is mildly wider than usual. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the valve of the theorta.
Loss of air in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before and is probably due to a growth. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten smaller. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Mildly thickened ariways. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New small amount of fluid around the right lung. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. The aorta is hardened. Prior surgery of the chest. There is thickening of the right breast. Age related changes in the spine and right shoulder.
Hardened growths in the top of the right lung look the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are hardened. A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. A valve in the heart is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. There are bulging blood vessels in the esophagus. A tiny growth in the right part of the thyroid looks the same a before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The airways are mildly thickened. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung may be due to infection or inflammation. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. Enlarged lymph node in the right armpit. The gallbladder has been removed.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit. The soft tissues are swollen.
A few signs of inflammation of the airways in the lungs.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart with stents.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs are seen. There is a button sized growth in the left part of the thyroid.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe and airways of the left lung with an area of fluid or inflammation. There is some loss of air in the middle of the lung. Sacs in the liver.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the aorta and its valve. There is a small amount of abnormal fluid in the esophagus. The liver is bigger than normal. The biliary duct is wider than normal A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm and there is a spot in the right lung which may be due to scarring from prior lung surgery. Abnormal fluid and air around the lung is probably due to air not being able to leave the lung due to prior lung infection. Prior surgery of an artery in the chest as seen before. Spots in the lung look better than before.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Age related changes in the spine.
A spot in the chest looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. A quarter sized growth is bigger than before. Another ladybug sized growth near the suture line looks the same as before. Loss of air and patchy pattern of the lung is seen and is probably due to small airway disease. There are some smoking related changes in the lungs. There is some mucus in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph node in the right armpit. The aorta's valve is hardened.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lungs are probably due to inflammation. There is a pea-sized hardening of the left part of the thyroid. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Growths in the top of the right lung are bigger than before. Fluid around both lungs is seen. The esophagus is thicker than normal as seen before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A nearby area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung is probably due to loss of air. Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart.
A pea-sized hardened growth in the right lung looks the same as before. A pea sized hazy gray growth inthe bottom of the left lung looks smaller than before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart as seen before.
Spots in the thymus are probably due to too much fluid in the body.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Spots in the tops of both lungs look the same as before. Thickening of the right lung is seen again. Abnormal mucus and or inflammation is seen in the small intestine. Prior surgery of the left kidney.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around both lungs with some areas of fluid or inflammation. There is another area of area of inflammation in the middle of the right lung.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the left lung is seen again. Mild damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before.
Widening of the top of the aorta looks the same as before.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to infection. Small amount of new fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe and armpit look better than before. There is a new small amount of fluid a new from the last scan. Small outpouching off of the heart.
Growths in both lungs are probably due to enlarged lymph nodes. There are other growths in the lungs. Growths and hazy gray areas in the lung are seen. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are bigger than normal.
There is loss of air in the left lung. Enlarged lymph node in the right lung is smaller than before.
Hazy gray areas and patchy pattern of the lungs is probably due to too much light in the lungs. Loss of air in the middle of the left lung is seen. There is a tiny growth in the top of the right lung. Fat around the left heart is likely due to a previous heart attack. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen again. Scarring in the top of the left lung looks the same as before with some damage of the airways. Pencil eraser sized growths in the lungs look the same a before. New hazy gray areas and spots in both lungs are probably due to inflammation. There is a new tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. New loss of air and scarring at the bottoms of both lungs is seen. The airways are thickened. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The valve in the heart is hardened.
Small amount of fluid around both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Prior surgery of the right breast.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Severe hardening of both blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Fractures in the mid spine look the same as before.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. There is a tiny amount and fluid around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is mild damage of the airways. There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. A large growth in the chest is smaller than before. A tiny amount of fluid around the left side of the lung has decreased in size. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Prior surgery of the spine with hardening in the back soft tissues.
Areas of fluid or inflammation and damage of the airways of the top of the right lung is seen again and is probably due to prior radiation treatment. Spread of cancer to the rib cage looks the same as before.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal with loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. This needs to be followed up with another scan. Fatty liver.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are no longer seen. Smoking related changes in the lungs with fluid filled sacs in the tops. Mild thickneing and damage of the airways.
There are growths in the top of the right lung. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. A valve in the heart is mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Loss of air and scarring and loss of air in the bottom of both lungs is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit, chest, and near the left collar bone and chest are bigger than before. Also, a pencil eraser sized lymph node in the right chest is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs are probably due to swallowing something into the lungs or infection. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Low blood count.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. There are changes in the bottom of the lung. New hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs with thickening. Smoking related changes and thickening of the airways is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
A large growth in the top of the left lung looks better than before. Thickening and hazy areas of hazy gray areas in the left upper lung are smaller than before.. A growth that is blocking the airways in the bottom of the right lung is better than the before. A small amount of fluid around the lung is no longer seen. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Prior surgery of left breast.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are seen, probably due to inflammaiton.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal as seen before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Destructive and hardened spots in the rib cage are probably due to spread of cancer.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe with thickening of the airways. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is mildly thickened. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the left lung, decreased from before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mucus blockage of the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Damage of the airways in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before and is probably due to infection. Thickeing in both lungs may be due to old fluid in the body. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. A valve in the heart is hardened. Prior surgery of the stomach. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Damage, thickening, and blockage of the airways with mucus is seen again, probably due to small and large airways disease. Area of fluid or inflammation in the right lung is smaller than before. New hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs may be due to infection or inflammation. Mild fluid in the windpipe. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Prior surgery of the left armpit.
There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is bigger than before. This needs to be followed up with another scan. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
There is less fluid around the right lung than before. Growths in the left lung look smaller than before, now the size of a ladybug. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Cancer spread to the left breast with thickening of the skin. Fractures in the ribs look the same as before.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung near healed rib fractures is probably due to scarring. Hardening of the aorta is seen.
Scarring with hardening of the lungs is probably due to an inflammatory disease.
There is damage of the airways and mucus blockage. Hazy gray growths in the lungs. A spot in the bottom of the right lung looks bigger than before. Other tiny growths look the same as before. The esophagus is wider than normal and has abnormal material. The heart is bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to infection or inflammation. Loss of air in the bottom of the lungs is seen. A pea-sized spot in the left lung may be a lymph node. A growth in the lung is probably a lymph nodes. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Thickening, damage, and blockage of the airways with mucus is due to severe airway disease. This looks worse than before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have different causes. Lymph nodes in the right lung and chest are hardened. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as before. Other tiny growths are unchanged. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Stones in the gallbladder are seen again. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Severe smoking-related lung changes. Mild damage of the airways. Spots in the top of the right lung look better than before and are probably due to healing. New fingernail sized spot in the left lung. Scarring in the middle of the left lobe. A part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Abnormal fluid is seen in the esophagus. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Prior stomach surgery.
Signs of inflammation in the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The beginning of the aorta is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes in the middle spine. Old fractures in the left ribs.
Mild damage of the airways. Mild fluid in the windpipe.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest with central necrosis are bigger than before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks smaller than before. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. Hardening of a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before. There is more thickening of the bones.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Loss of air and scarring of the bottom of the left lung is seen. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are multiple new hazy gray areas in the bottom of the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New spot in the top of the right lung is probably due to scarring. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. Spot in the left breast looks bigger than before.
Thickening in the tops of the lungs is probably due to prior radiation treatment. Prior surgery of both breasts. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. There are patchy hazy gray areas in the lungs. A tiny growth in the left lung looks the same as before. Growth in the chest is pressing on the airways. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few small growths in the lungs are unchanged. Growths in the thyroid. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The airways are thickened. Signs of inflammation in the airways. Prior radiation treatment in the left lung. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Scarring, damage, and damage of the airways of the bottoms of both lungs with worsening loss of air, hazy gray areas, and fluid in the lungs is probably due to swallowing something into the lungs or infection. A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal and part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Low blood count.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the right lung. There is fat in the liver.
Groups of growths in both lungs are seen, probably due to spread of cancer. Damage of the airways in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air and scarring. There is thickening of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is bigger than before. Other lymph nodes are bigger than last time. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta's vascular system are hardened. A button sized growth is seen in the right chest muscle.
Air around the left lung is probably due to previous chest tube infection. The heart is bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Old rib fractures on the right look the same as before.
A button sized growth in the left chest looks bigger than before. Growths in the lungs are seen again and are probably due to inflammation. Gallstones. Spots in the spine, breastbone, and on both sides of the spine look the same as before. A spot in one of the right ribs looks the same.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. There is a new enlarged lymph node in the chest. Enlarged breast tissue. Prior surgery of left chest.
Hardened spots in the right lung are seen again. Small amount of fluid around the left lung.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look smaller than before. Mild fluid in the windpipe. A lymph node in the left neck has decreased in size. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten smaller. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit as seen before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Age related changes in the spine.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Scarring in the top of the left lung.
Smoking related changes. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. New tiny growths in the top of the right lung. Fatty liver.
Prior radiation treatment of the left lung. Fractures in the left ribs are seen. Mild hardening of the liver is seen.
A group of tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung is probably due to infection or inflammation.
A tiny hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung is probably due to infection or inflammation.
Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is smaller than before. Tiny growths in the lung look the same as before.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs are probably due to covid. There are smoking related changes. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Small amounts of fluid around both lungs with loss of air on the right. The thyroid is bigger than normal and has multiple growths as seen before. Old loss of height and rib fracture is seen again.
Spread of cancer to the right lung looks better than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten smaller.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs are seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit are bigger than before.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same a before. A pea-sized growth is unchanged from before.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other small growths in the lungs. Thickening of the right lung looks the same as before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Hardened spread of cancer to the bones looks like before.
A few small growths in the lungs are unchanged. Spot in a right rib looks the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Patchy hazy gray areas in the top of the lungs look the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. There is a fatty growth in the left back.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. A pea-sized growth is a tiny growth. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened and there is hardening of a valve in the heart. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Growths in the right lung look the same as before. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs are smaller than before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in lungs look the same as before. There is fluid around the lungs and chest. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Pencil eraser sized growth in bottom of right lung looks the same as before. The aorta and its valve are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior radiation treatment of the right lung with some loss of air. A large growth in the bottom of the left lung is bigger than before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The esophagus is thickened with some widening which may be due to acid reflux. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Scarring in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Spread of cancer to the ribs is worse than before. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is a large amount of fluid around both lungs with spots and areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe are bigger than before probably due to infection. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Fluid around the left lung is no longer seen with hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the right lung. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen again. The heart is bigger than normal.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the lungs are bigger than before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots and damage of the airways of the top of the right lung look the same as before and are probably due to inflammation. New growths in the right and left lungs. A ladybug sized growth in the left lung is bigger than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Mild hazy gray areas in the bottom of both lungs are probably due to loss of air. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to inflammation. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Thickening of the bottoms of both lungs with damage of the airways looks the same as before.
Abnormal fluid in the airways with thickening. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. Fluid around both lungs is no longer seen. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. There is abnormal fluid and material in front of the stomach. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Growths in the middle of the left lung look the same as before. A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks smaller than before. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of both lungs is seen again.
Scarring, thickening, and damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs look the same as before. Air is not able to leave the lung due to scarring. Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. Parts of the stomach are widened. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm and the esophagus is wider than normal. Prior surgery of a bone of the lower spine.
A group of growths in the right lung looks the same as before.
There is less fluid in the top of the right lung than before. There is less air around the top than before and there is new air under the skin of the left lung. Changes following treatment of the neck with radiation are seen again.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. Prior surgery of the chest.
Signs of inflammation of the airways in the right lung with new hazy gray areas are seen again and are probably due to inflammation. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. A ladybug sized growth in the chest looks smaller than before and may be a lymph node or thymus. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. The airways are thickened probably due to airway disease. Mucus blockage in the lungs. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and its valve are mildly hardened. Gallstones.
Hazy gray growths in both lungs look the same as before. The airways are thickened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Prior surgery of the right lung. The bottom of the left lung is collapsed.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Old scarring, damage, and thickening of the airways. Other growths and hazy gray areas in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The thymus looks bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal (31 mm). The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. Spots in both lungs are seen again. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung are probably due to inflammation and look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is more thickening in the lungs probably due to smoking related lung disease. Prior radiation treatment of the left breast. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Prior left breast surgery.
Thickening and hazy gray areas in both lungs may be due to fluid in the lungs or inflammation. Enlarged lymph node in the right lung is bigger than before. Other lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Hardening of a valve in the heart. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. There is less fluid around the left lung than before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is some damage of airways in the bottom of the lung.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A fingernail sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other smaller hazy growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung and middle of the left lung. Loss of air in the lungs is seen again. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm as seen before. Abnormal mucus in the windpipe. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Mildly thickened ariways. Damage of the airways in the bottoms of the lungs is probably due to infection or inflammation. Scarring in the top of the right lung and the bottom of the left lung. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are hardened due to inflammation. The esophagus is thicker than normal which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
A group of tiny spots in the right lung is probably due to airway disease. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Fluid around the right lung is bigger than before with loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Damage and scarring of the airways is seen again and is probably due to prior covid. Widening of the top of the aorta looks the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The spleen has been removed. The spine is abnormally curved.
Spread of cancer to the lungs. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are seen again, probably due to infection of the airways. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air, thickening, and hardened spots in the lung is seen again.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is no longer seen. Other growths in the lungs. Scarring of the lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have different causes. Fatty growth in the tops of the heart. The heart's blood vessels, aorta's valve, and its valve are hardened. Fat in the liver.
Abnormal fluid in the airways of the bottom of the lungs with some damage of the airway. Prior surgery of the esophagus.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air. Hazy gray areas in the top of the left lung are no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen. The thyroid is mildly hardened. A bruise in the esophagus looks better than before. Prior heart surgery. The blood vessels of the aorta are hardened.
There is thickening of the airways. Scarring in the middle of the right lung. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones is seen.
Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the left lung. Hardening of the aorta and blood vessels of the heart.
