Spread of cancer in the lungs looks better than before. Prior thyroid surgery. Hardened lymph nodes in the left lung.
Damage, mucus blockage, thickening, and thickening of the airways is probably due to large airways disease. Severe hardening of aorta's valve.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Prior surgery of the gallbladder.
Mild damage of the airways. Hazy gray areas in both lungs. A part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed.
A tiny growth is seen in the top of the left lung.
Pencil eraser sized growths and hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look worse than before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There are tiny growths in the lungs. Damage and mucus blockage of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung are no longer seen. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is abnormal fluid around the windpipe. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are gone. Fracture of a right rib is seen again.
There is some loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs. Fatty liver.
The middle of the right lung is collapsed and there is new abnormal fluid in the airways. Age related loss of air around both lungs as seen before. New hazy gray areas, thickening, hazy areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung. Patchy hazy grey areas are seen again. Hazy gray areas in the top of right lung look worse than before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around right lung and thickening. Hardening in the heart. Fractures in right ribs are healed.
There are patchy spots in both lungs with areas of fluid or inflammation. Small amount of air around the lungs. There is a small amount of fluid around both lungs. Smoking related changes in the right chest.
A ladybug sized growth in both lungs looks the same as before. There is more fluid around both lungs than before. Enlarged lymph nodes around the heart are bigger than normal. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Low blood count.
Damage of the airways of the bottom of the right lung with mucus blockage. Loss of air in the bottom is seen again. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. Prior chest and heart surgery. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. The airways are thickened. Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen. The esophagus has been removed. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. Prior surgery of the chest. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit is bigger than before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the right breast and armpit. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Tiny growths, scarring, and scarring is seen again and is probably due to small airway disease. The tops of both lungs are scarred. Mild loss of air around both lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are moderately hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look smaller than before. Some of these growths are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is more fluid around the right lung than before and there is a growth in the top of right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right chest look the same or bigger than before.
Prior surgery and fluid around the esophagus. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta and its valve are hardened.
There is a new pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. Other tiny growths are seen. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Smoking-related lung changes are seen again. Age related changes in the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. A fingernail sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. Severe hardening around the heart's blood vessels and aorta. The valve in the heart is hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
Tiny growths in both armpits look the same as before.
Thickening, damage, and damage of the airways of the bottoms of both lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The tops of both lungs are scarred. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
Growths in the left lung are probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
A ladybug sized spot near the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other growths in both lungs look the same. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Spread of cancer to the bones of the mid spine looks the same as before.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Smoking related changes, damage, and thickening of the airways is seen again. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before.
The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the esophagus. Groups of tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Old fracture of right ribs.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
There is thickening and hazy gray areas in the lungs, probably due to fluid around the lungs. There are tiny growths in both lungs. A patchy pattern of the lungs could have different causes. The heart is bigger than normal. The valve in the heart is hardened.
Scarring of the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. The tops are scarred. There are smoking related lung changes. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Tiny growths are seen in both lungs. Growths in the thymus look the same as before.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before.
Spread of cancer is seen again. New hazy gray areas in the top of the left lung. The esophagus is widened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. There is more fluid around both lungs than before. Hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta is seen again.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Smoking related changes, scarring, and scarring of the tops of both lungs. A lymph node near the windpipe looks the same as before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
There is abnormal fluid in the airways. Thickening, damage, mucus blockage, thickening, and damage in both lungs. The tops are scarred. Hazy gray areas of the right lung look better than before. Small amount of fluid around both lungs looks better than the prior scan. The esophagus has been removed. The heart is bigger than normal and the heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A valve in the heart is hardened.
There is a large growth in the right lung. Smoking related lung changes. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe are seen. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure of the lungs.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening, mucus blockage, mucuses blockage and blockage of the airways. New hazy gray areas in both lungs. New growths in the right lung. The thyroid has been removed. Loss of height of a bone of the lower spine looks the same as before.
Mild damage of the airways. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening in the airways. Other tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed. The aorta's valve is hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are severe smoking related changes in the tops of both lungs. The tops are scarred. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before and is probably not cancerous. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Damage and growths in the bottom of the right lung look the same as before.
Damage of the airways is seen again and looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The heart's blood vessels, aorta and its valve are hardened. The valve of the heart is hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Hazy gray areas in the lungs look worse than before. There is more fluid around the right lung than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Prior surgery of the windpipe. Areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs look worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal.
Damage of the airways, mucus blockage, and fluid blockage. Scarring or loss of air in both lungs. Tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior heart surgery. A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Fracture of a right rib.
Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the right lung. Tiny growths in the top of the left lung. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
There is thickening of the lungs and small amount of fluid around both lungs. The heart is bigger than normal. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
There is a ladybug sized growth in the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways with mucus blockage. A pea sized hazy gray growth is seen in the top of the right lung.
There are tiny growths in the lungs. The thyroid is smaller than normal. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Age related changes of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. A tiny amount of fluid around the right lung is seen. There is abnormal air in the right chest. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung is probably due to infection or inflammation.
The bottom of the right lung is collapsed. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. Spread of cancer to the lungs looks the same or worse than before. Prior radiation treatment to the right breast. There is fat in the liver. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, the heart's valve, and its valve are hardened. The gallbladder is bigger than normal. Abnormal fluid in the abdomen. Prior surgery in right armpit.
Mild thickening of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas and areas seen before are smaller than before. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A ladybug sized growth in the right lung is bigger than before. There is damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The valve of the aorta is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Hazy gray areas in both lungs are probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. Other hazy gray areas may be related. Old fractures in the left ribs.
There is some loss of air in the bottom of both lungs.
There are tiny growths in the lungs.
Damage of the airways and thickening in the bottoms of both lungs. Smoking-related lung changes. Scarring of the tops of the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is wider than normal. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
There is mild loss of air in both lungs. There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in the top of the right lung look smaller than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Loss of air around the left lung looks the same as before. There is mucus blockage of the windpipe.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung is seen again. Prior surgery of the gallbladder. Small amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. There is a pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung. A tiny hazy grey growth is seen in the bottom of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Prior heart surgery.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs. Areas are smaller than before. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Small amount of fluid around the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels and aorta. Prior heart surgery. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Patchy spots in the top of the right lung. Growths seen before are no longer seen. New moderate amount of fluid around the lungs. New large amount around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and the aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. A part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the right lung look better than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Hardened spots in bones of the bones are probably due to spread of cancer.
There are multiple tiny growths in both lungs. Some growths are probably due to mucus blockage. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels. The aorta's valve is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The heart's blood vessels, aorta and its valve are hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes, damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left chest look the same as before.
A spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. The airways are thickened. There are hardened spots in the heart's blood vessels and aorta. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Prior surgery of the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the chest. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen. The aorta's valve has been removed. The left part of the heart is wider than normal.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs. Enlarged breast tissue is seen. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is thickening of the airways of both lungs, probably due to inflammation or asthma. There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung.
Small amount of fluid around both lungs. Scattered spots in the lungs.
There are new tiny growths in the top of the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal.
There is thickening of the tops of both lungs, probably due to fluid around the lungs. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same. The gallbladder has been removed.
Small amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air.
There is an enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The aorta is hardened. Age related changes in the shoulders.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in both armpits are bigger than before. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Hazy gray areas in both lungs are almost gone and were probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. Thickening of the bottoms of both lungs could be due to mucus blockage. Mild damage of the airways is seen. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are severely hardened. Prior heart surgery. The gallbladder has been removed.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Prior surgery of the left kidney. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs.
A ladybug sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The valve of the heart is hardened.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Hardened lymph nodes in the chest. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Damage, thickening, and thickening of the airways of the lungs. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs. Some of these spots are more growths than others. Fractures in the left ribs are healing.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs.
Spread of cancer to both lungs looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same.
There are tiny growths in the lungs.
Prior surgery of the middle of the right lung. Growths in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to airway disease. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta.
A ladybug sized growth is seen in the top of the right lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened.
There is loss of air or scarring of the bottoms of both lungs. Age related changes in the lungs.
There are new tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Small airways disease is seen in the top of the right lung. Spread of cancer to the bones.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the right lung as seen before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. There is mucus blockage of the airways. A ladybug sized growth is seen in the left part of the thyroid. The gallbladder has been removed.
Small amount of air around both lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a new tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. Prior radiation treatment of both lungs. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to loss of air. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The aorta is hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
There is a hardened spot in the top of the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal.
There is scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths are seen in both lungs.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. A sac is seen in the bottom of the right lung. Smoking-related lung changes.
There is more fluid around the left lung than before. The blood vessels of the lungs are bigger than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spread of cancer is seen again in the lungs.
Scarring of the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Mild thickening of the airways. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The right kidney has been removed.
There is moderate amount of fluid around both lungs. Prior heart surgery.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. The tops of both lungs are scarred. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. A ladybug sized area of fluid or inflammation is seen again. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine looks like before.
There are tiny growths in the lungs.
There is mucus blockage of the airways. A ladybug sized growth seen before is no longer seen. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Old fracture in one of the left ribs.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe with thickening. There are smoking related changes. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Mild damage of the airways. A ladybug sized hazy gray growth looks the same as before. Other hazy grey growths in both lungs. Growths are seen in the left lung. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung as seen before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Spread of cancer in the bones looks worse than before.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. The esophagus is widened. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The valve of the aortas is hardened. Old fractures in the left ribs are healed.
Prior surgery of the thyroid. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart. Low blood count.
Mild scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A tiny growth in the left lung looks the same as before and is probably a lymph node. Tiny growths in the thyroid look the same size as before.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before.
There is thickening of the airways. There is mucus blockage. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The main blood vessel coming out of the lung is bigger than normal which could be due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The aortas is mildly hardened.
A growth in the left lung is probably a lymph node. Enlarged lymph nodes in both lungs.
Loss of air in both lungs is seen again and is probably due to inflammation. Damage of the airways of both lungs. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably because of high blood pressure in the lungs. Prior chest surgery.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Radiation related changes in the left lung are seen again. There is more fluid around both lungs than before. Abnormal air is seen in both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Tiny hazy gray growths in both lungs look the same as before. Growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the thyroid. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the esophagus. Mild damage of the airways. Growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the tops of both lungs. Tiny growths are seen. The airways are thickened. Enlarged lymph nodes in both breasts. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes of the middle spine.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening and fluid around the right lung looks the same as before. The heart is bigger than normal.
The blood vessels of the heart are severely hardened. Fractures in both ribs are healed. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. A tiny growth in the middle of both lungs looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a patchy area and hazy gray areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung that is probably due to pneumonia. Scattered spots in the right lung may be due to infection or inflammation.
There are severe smoking related changes of both lungs. Hazy gray areas in both lungs could be due to scarring. Scattered spots in the lungs are probably due to mucus blockage. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
The heart is bigger than normal. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
A pea sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Other small growths look the same. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit is bigger than before.
The esophagus is wider than normal. Hazy gray areas are seen. Growths are seen in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Prior heart surgery. Stones in the gallbladder.
Mild hazy gray areas with thickening. Small amount of fluid around the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal.
Hazy gray areas and thickening of the lungs. Small amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air at the bottom of the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal. There is some fluid around both lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are wider than normal, probably due to low blood count.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. The right lung is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
The airways are thickened and there is mild damage of the airways. Thickening, damage, scarring, and scarring of both lungs. A tiny growth is seen in the bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Low blood count in the gallbladder.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. New tiny growth in a lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A ladybug sized growth seen before is probably due to loss of air. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Hazy gray areas in both lungs look worse than before and are probably due to cancer. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than before. Fatty liver.
A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm looks the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
Thickening, mucus blockage, mucuses blockage and blockage of the airways are due to large airway disease. Thickening of both lungs looks the same as before. Tiny growths in both lungs look the same. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The kidneys are smaller than normal. The liver is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Small amount of fluid around the right lung. Loss of air, areas, and areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs. There is abnormal fluid in the left chest. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, its valve, and its valve are hardened.
Prior surgery of the tops of both lungs as seen before. Tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Scattered tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Small amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. The heart is bigger than normal. The valve in the aorta is severly hardened. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Prior surgery of the chest. Smoking-related lung changes.
A pencil eraser sized spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths at the tops of both lungs look the same.
There is more fluid around the left lung than before. Thickening of the lungs is seen. Severe hardening in the blood vessels of the heart. The gallbladder has been removed.
The blood vessels of the heart are moderately hardened.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scattered tiny growths in both lungs. The tops of both lungs are scarred. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The right kidney is bigger than normal. Age related changes of the middle of the spine. Fractures in right ribs are healed.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation are seen in both lungs. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are probably due to infection.
Mild damage of the airways in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. There is mucus blockage in the lungs. The tops of both lungs are scarred. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is hardened. Prior surgery of the left breast.
There are new hazy gray areas in both lungs. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The spleen is bigger than normal.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths look the same or smaller than before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before.
There is more fluid around both lungs than before. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again. New hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the left lung.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation and hazy gray areas in both lungs. New tiny amount of fluid around the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Low blood count.
Spread of cancer to the breast bone looks the same as before.
There is growth in the tops of both lungs. Smoking related changes are seen. Small amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Mild smoking related changes in the tops of both lungs. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Thickening of the airways.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spread of cancer to the bones is seen again. Fracture of the breast bone is healed.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. A tiny growth is seen at the bottom of the right lung. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is wider than normal.
Prior surgery of right lung. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Damage, scarring, blockage, thickening, damage, damage of the airways, hazy gray areas, and spots of fluid or inflammation are seen. Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are seen again. The esophagus is wider than normal, probably due to acid reflux. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. There is more fluid around the heart than before.
A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior surgery and scarring in both lungs. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The aorta is hardened.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring of the bottom of the right lung. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. A small part is bulging through a small part in the stomach. The aorta and heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. There is abnormal fluid around both kidneys. Old fracture in a right rib is healed.
There is a ladybug sized area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the right lung that looks the same as before. Smoking-related lung changes. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths are seen. The tops of both lungs are scarred. The airways are thickened. There is mucus blockage of the airways.
There is a large amount of mucus blockage in the windpipe. Thickening, thickening, and thickening of the middle of the right lung. There is more thickening around both lungs than before. A pencil eraser sized growth is seen again. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a ladybug sized growth in the left lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Old fractures in the right ribs are healed.
A ladybug sized growth is bigger than before. This growth was previously not seen. There are other tiny growths in the lungs. The airways are thickened probably due to airway disease. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta and its valve are hardened. The valve of the heart is hardened.
A pea sized growth in the middle of the right lung is probably a lymph node.
Mucus blockage of the airways. The airways are thickened. A pea sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray area is seen. There are smoking-related lung changes. A lymph node near the left lung is bigger than normal.
There is a large area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. Tiny growths are seen. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed.
A tiny growth seen before is no longer seen. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before and may be gone. A ladybug sized growth seen on the last scan is bigger than before. Prior radiation treatment in right lung. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. Hazy gray areas in both lungs look better than before and are almost gone. New thickening, damage, and scarring of the airways of right lung due to radiation treatment. There is less fluid around a right lung than normal. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, its valve, and its valve are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Thickening in the airways. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. There are smoking related changes in both lungs. The tops of both lungs are mildly scarred.
There is thickening of the airways. A ladybug sized growth is smaller than before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. There is less fluid around the windpipe. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
There are new tiny growths in the lungs. The thyroid is bigger than normal as seen before. Spread of cancer to the middle of the spine looks the same as before. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the right lung looks the same as before and is probably a lymph node. Prior surgery of the top of the aorta. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Damage, scarring, thickening, and scarring is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The lungs are thickened. Small amount of fluid around the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. The esophagus is blocked. The gallbladder has been removed. The main blood vessel coming out the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure. Severe hardening of the aorta and heart's blood vessels. Low blood count. Age related changes of the spine.
A ladybug sized spot in the bottom of the right lung is probably mucus blockage. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the left lung as seen before. Smoking related changes are seen in the tops of both lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure of the lungs. A lymph node in the right lung is bigger than normal. Old fractures in the ribs.
Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung looks better than before. Fluid around both lungs is no longer seen. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine look the same as before.
Small amount of air around the left lung. Small amount of fluid around both lungs.
A small amount of air is around the left lung. Smoking related changes in the lungs look the same as before. The spleen is bigger than normal. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung.
There are tiny growths in both lungs. Mild loss of air in the lungs. The spleen is bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Spread of cancer to the liver.
There are hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung.
There is more area of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs than before. Areas in the tops of the lungs are seen again. The heart is bigger than normal. Smoking-related lung changes in both lungs are no longer seen.
There is more fluid around the right collar bone than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look smaller. Smoking-related lung changes are seen again. A small amount of fluid around both lungs looks the same as before.
Old fractures in the left ribs are seen again.
There is some loss of air in the bottom of the left lung due to a large part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. Fractures in right ribs are healed.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A pea sized spot in the top of the left lung is seen again. A tiny growth is seen in both lungs.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same.
Prior surgery of the esophagus. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A pea sized growth is seen in the top of the right lung.
Growths in the lungs look worse than before. New areas are seen in both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The esophagus is wider than normal. Mild amount of fluid around the heart is seen again. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Mild smoking related changes of the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Severe hardening and thickening of the heart's blood vessels is seen again. The blood vessels in the heart are hardened.
Prior surgery of the thyroid. The heart is bigger than normal.
Moderate hardening of the heart's blood vessels. The aorta is mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the windpipe. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look better than before. Moderate amount of fluid around the right lung. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There are severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The airways are thickened. Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. The aorta is mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the right lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes are seen.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Patchy areas of fluid or inflammation and damage of the airways of both lungs. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Fluid around the lungs looks the same as before. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Small amount of fluid around the heart is seen again. The blood vessels of the heart are severely hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways.
There are smoking related changes and damage of the airways. Thickening and damage in both lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The aorta is hardened.
The esophagus has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of both lungs is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Prior surgery of the left breast. The heart is bigger than normal. Hardened spots in the ribs look the same as before and are probably due to spread of cancer.
There are growths in both lungs. Growths look the same as before. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Damage, thickening, mucus blockage, and blockage of the airways. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Fat is seen again in the top of the abdomen.
There is abnormal fluid around the windpipe. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in both lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes and scarring of the tops of both lungs. Thickening of the airways is seen. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. Damage and mucus blockage of the airways. Tiny growths in the lungs. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
The heart is bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal as seen before. The heart's blood vessels, aortas, its valve, and its valve are hardened. Age related changes in the right shoulder.
Growths in the top of the left lung are probably due to infection or inflammation. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
There is a patchy pattern of air around the bottom of the right lung with signs of inflammation of the airways. A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm with thickening of the esophagus. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the lungs are no longer seen. Prior radiation treatment of the left breast. A lymph node near the right armpit is smaller than before.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same. Mild damage in the airways with mucus blockage is seen again.
There are severe smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. A ladybug sized growth is seen in the top of the left lung. There is also a new pea sized growth. Other tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before. Severe hardening in the heart's blood vessels. The aorta's valve is hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A fingernail sized growth in the top of the left lung is smaller than before. New tiny growths in both lungs. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A patchy pattern of the lungs could have different causes. There is less fluid around the lungs than before. Tiny growths in the lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. New groups of tiny growths in both lungs. New tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the right lung. The airways are thickened. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
A large growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. The airways are thickened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Small amount of fluid around both lungs is no longer seen. A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in both lungs looks the same as before.
Mild damage of the airways. A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Scarring at the bottoms of the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The spleen is hardened.
A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
Moderate hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs. A tiny amount of fluid around the right lung is seen. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels. The aorta is mildly hardened.
Small amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than before. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. The airways are thickened. The tops of both lungs are scarred. New small amount of fluid around both lungs. The heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure. The aorta is hardened. Age related changes of the spine and right shoulder.
Tiny growths in the top of the right lung look the same as before. A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring in the bottom of the right lung looks like before. A tiny growth in the right part of the thyroid looks the same.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The airways are thickened. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to infection or inflammation.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. The gallbladder has been removed.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs.
There are scattered spots in the lungs. Some of these spots look bigger than before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air. Growths in both lungs are probably due to small airway blockage. Prior surgery of the chest.
The blood vessels of the heart are severly hardened.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs.
Mild loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. There are sacs in the liver.
There is new fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the chest. There is a small amount of fluid around the aorta and its main blood vessels. The heart is bigger than normal.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A spot near the esophagus looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. There are multiple new growths in the lungs. A ladybug sized growth in the bottom is bigger than before. A pencil eraser sized growth near the suture line looks the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth is seen in the bottom of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. A pea sized growth in the left part of the thyroid is seen. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in both lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal as seen before. Mild amount of fluid around both lung. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Smoking related changes in the lungs. Prior chest surgery.
A pea sized growth in the right lung looks the same as before.
There are growths in the thymus.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Prior surgery of the left chest. Spots in both lungs look the same as before. Thickening of the right lung looks the same and is seen again. Prior surgery on the left kidney.
There is another area of fluid or inflammation in the middle of the right lung.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the top of the right lung is seen again. Mild damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before. The right part of the thyroid is bigger than normal.
The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to infection.
There are spots of fluid or inflammation in both lungs. There are other growths and hazy gray areas in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen again.
There is a patchy pattern of the bottoms of both lungs, probably due to small airway disease. Loss of air in the lungs. The thyroid is bigger than normal as seen before.
There is hazy gray areas of the lungs with patchy pattern. There is some loss of air in both lungs. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Fat in the top of the left lung is probably due to a prior heart attack.
Smoking related changes are seen again in the tops of the lungs. Scarring of the top of the left lung looks the same as before. The airways are thickened. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels. The aorta's valve is hardened. Loss of height of bones of the mid spine is seen again.
Small growths in both lungs look the same as before. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Prior surgery of the right breast.
Moderate smoking related changes of the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Severe hardening in the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Fractures of the mid spine look the same as before.
Moderate amount of fluid around both lungs and loss of air. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is mild damage of the airways. Prior surgery of the mid spine. There is less fluid around the left lung than before. Fluid around the right lung is no longer seen. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Spread of cancer to the breast is seen again and is probably due to prior radiation treatment. Prior surgery of the right breast.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. Fatty liver.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are no longer seen. Smoking related changes in the lungs. The airways are thickened and there is damage of the airways. Growths are seen again and are probably due to small airways disease.
A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung and hazy grey growths in both lungs. A pencil eraser sized growth is seen. A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. A valve in the heart is mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are severely hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Enlarged breast tissue is seen again.
Small amount of fluid around the left lung. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Low blood count. Fracture in the breast bone.
There is new fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. New hazy gray areas in the tops of both lungs. Smoking related changes and thickening of the airways are seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Fractures of right ribs.
A fingernail sized growth in the top of the left lung looks better than before. Thickening, hazy gray areas, thickening, and hazy grey areas of the tops of both lungs is no longer seen. The airways are mildly thickened. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
Smoking related changes in the tops of both lungs are probably due to airway inflammation. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal as seen before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe with thickening. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, its valve, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Small amount of fluid around the right lung is less than before. The blood vessels of the chest are bigger than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The gallbladder has been removed.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid has been removed. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Damage of the airways in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before and is probably due to prior infection. Mild hardening in the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Prior surgery of the stomach. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Damage, thickening, mucus blockage, and spots in the airways are seen again. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. New hazy gray areas in both lungs. A moderate part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Prior surgery of the left armpit.
There is new small amount of fluid around the right lung. Lymph nodes in the chest are smaller than before. Low blood count.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. A ladybug sized growth is seen again. A lymph node near the windpipe is bigger than before. The aorta's valve is hardened.
Fluid around the right lung is smaller than before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Fractures in the right ribs are healed and scarring. Hardening of the aorta is seen.
Scarring and hardening in the lungs are probably due to prior granulomatous disease.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Damage and mucus blockage of the airways. Hazy gray growths in both lungs look the same as before. Other tiny hazy gray growth in the lungs look like normal. The heart is bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Thickening around the left adrenal gland is seen again.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to infection or inflammation. A pea sized growth in the left lung may be a lymph node. Prior surgery of the left breast.
There is severe airway disease, thickening, damage, mucus blockage, and blockage of the airways. There are growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Other tiny growths look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Stones in the gallbladder are seen again. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. New pea sized spot in the top of the left lung. Scarring around the middle of the right lung. A part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed.
Tiny growths in the lungs are probably due to small airways disease. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Old age related changes in the middle of the spine. Fractures in the left ribs.
Mild damage of the airways. There is abnormal fluid around the windpipe. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks smaller than before. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
There are growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are new hazy gray areas in both lungs. Scarring of the tops of the lungs. New spot near the top of the right lung is probably scarring. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways is probably due to airways disease.
Prior surgery of both breasts. The aorta is mildly hardened.
Mild scarring of both lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in both lungs. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The airways are thickened. Growths are seen in both lungs. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is scarring, damage, loss of air, and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of both lungs. A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal with a moderate sized part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm. A sac in the left kidney is seen again.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Scattered hazy gray areas are seen in the right lung. Fatty liver.
There are multiple growths in the lungs. Damage of the airways of the bottoms of both lungs is seen again.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air. There is thickening of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node near the chest is bigger than before. Other enlarged lymph nodes are seen in the chest. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A valve in the heart is replaced.
The heart is bigger than normal. Old fractures in right ribs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. New enlarged lymph node in the chest. Enlarged breast tissue. Prior surgery on the left chest.
Hardened spots in the right lung are seen again.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of both lungs. The airways are thickened. Tiny hazy gray growths in the lungs look smaller than before. Enlarged lymph node near the left collar bone is smaller than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Old fracture of right ribs.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look like normal.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Age related changes of the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Scarring of the tops is seen.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. New tiny growth is seen near the right lung. Fatty liver.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. The liver is hardened. Fractures in the left ribs.
Tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung are probably due to infection or inflammation.
A tiny hazy gray growth is seen in the top of the right lung and may be due to infection or inflammation.
Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Growths in both lungs look the same as before.
Hazy gray areas and areas are probably due to infection. Smoking related changes are seen. A lymph node near the windpipe is bigger than normal. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Small amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air is seen again. The thyroid is bigger than normal as seen before. Old fractures in the spine.
Spread of cancer to the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look better than before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes are seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit are bigger than before.
A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Spread of cancer to the bones looks like before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Patchy hazy gray areas in both lungs look the same as before. Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A pencil eraser sized growth is bigger than before. Other tiny growths look the same as before. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is wider than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Patchy spots seen before are no longer seen. Tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Moderate hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. A pencil eraser sized growth is seen again. The aorta is hardened.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior radiation treatment of the right lung as seen before. A ladybug sized growth is bigger than before. Small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The esophagus is thickened, probably due to acid reflux. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Mild scarring of the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is a large amount of fluid around both lungs and areas in both lungs. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Fluid around the left lung is no longer seen. The heart is bigger than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look the same as before and are probably due to inflammation. New growths in both lungs. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Mild hazy gray areas in the lungs are probably due to loss of air. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs are probably due to air not being able to leave the lungs. New patchy hazy gray areas are seen in the top of the right lung. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Thickening and damage of the airways of the bottoms of both lungs looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the esophagus. Severe smoking related changes in the tops of both lungs. Fluid around both lungs is no longer seen. There is less fluid around the abdomen than before. The aorta is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in both lungs looks the same as before.
Spots, thickening, damage and damage of the airways look the same as before. Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. Parts are widened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again.
Tiny growths in the right lung look the same as before.
Prior radiation treatment of the neck.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in the right lung look the same as before and there are new hazy gray areas. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. Thickening of the airways is probably due to airway disease. There is mucus blockage. There are smoking related changes in both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The aorta's valve is hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. The spine is abnormally curved.
Growths in both lungs look the same as before. The airways are thickened. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is fluid around the left airways. The bottom of the left lung is collapsed.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Old scarring and thickening of both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. Smoking related lung changes. Thickening in the lungs is probably due to smoking related lung disease. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
There is thickening and hazy gray areas in both lungs. Severe hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. There is abnormal material in the gallbladder. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Damage of the airways of the bottoms of both lungs. Hardened spot in the right breast.
The tops of both lungs are scarred.
A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other hazy grey growths in the lungs look the same. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Loss of air in both lungs is seen again. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. There is mucus blockage in the windpipe. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
The heart is bigger than normal. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is more fluid around the right lung than before with some loss of air in the bottom. Damage of the airways of both lungs is seen again. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. The spine is abnormally curved.
Spread of cancer is seen throughout the lungs. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes, spots, signs of inflammation and spots in the tops of the lungs are seen again. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before but is new. Thickening, loss of air, thickening, and spots of fluid or inflammation is seen again and is probably due to air not being able to leave the lungs properly. Tiny growths in the chest look the same and are probably not cancerous. Mildly prominent breast tissue. Fractures in both ribs are healed.
A ladybug sized growth seen before is no longer seen. Other growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, its valve, and its valve are hardened. Fatty liver.
There is a ladybug sized spot in the windpipe.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air. Hazy gray areas are no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The thyroid is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Spread of cancer is seen across the body. The airways are thickened. Scarring in the bottom right lung. Old fractures in the ribs are healed.
There are enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta's valve. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild damage of the airways of the bottom of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
