The number of people referred to a charity for help to find housing for men and women released from prison in Wales has more than doubled in a year, according to new figures.
A man has been charged in connection with an attempted armed robbery in Edinburgh.
A judge has denied bail to four people accused of kidnapping and beating a black man in a video posted on Facebook Live, in what has been described as a hate crime.
West Bromwich Albion have appointed former Reading boss Alan Knill as their new director of football.
A low-calorie diet can rejuvenate the pancreas and help people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, a study suggests.
When Essilor and Luxottica announce plans to merge, you might not think there would be much reason to be concerned about such a deal.
Wendy Houvenaghel has told the BBC she was left out of British Cycling's 2012 team pursuit squad because it was "not good enough".
The owner of a comedy club in the US city of Austin, Texas, tells the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire: "When you come to see a show, you're expected to laugh."
When the regulator, Ofcom, announced last week that it would not be splitting up BT into two separate companies, many of the company's shareholders rejoiced.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is looking forward to returning to Hampden Park for the first time as he prepares for Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of student places by 1,000 over the next three years, the BBC has learned.
A health trust has apologised to more than 850 patients who received leaflets containing the wrong information about cancer treatment.
The shadow foreign secretary has said Labour is "trying to get a compromise" on the Brexit bill ahead of a Commons vote on Wednesday.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Kevin O'Kane to Bournemouth.
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in the sea off the Gwynedd coast has heard he was visited by a police officer the day before he died.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker David Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has said it would take a "tremendous paradigm shift" for the US government to make climate change data unavailable to the public.
The Specials drummer John "Brad" Bradbury has died at the age of 71, the band has announced.
Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as England's Justin Rose took a one-shot lead into the final round.
Former England striker Carlton Cole says it is a "tough road ahead" as he continues his recovery from a kidney transplant.
Pakistan has lifted a ban on the US-based video-sharing website YouTube after the government reached a deal with Google to allow it to resume operating in the country.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Matt Benjamin is likely to miss the remainder of the season after breaking his leg.
Welsh cyclist Owain Doull said it felt "dreamlike" to win his third Olympic gold medal in a row after beating Australia in the men's team pursuit final.
Authorities in the western Indian state of Gujarat are continuing to search for survivors of floods that have killed more than 100 people in the state.
It is thought to be the first wedding to be held on skis.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined $1.3bn (£1.1bn) by Hong Kong regulators for falsifying trading records.
La La Land has won the best picture prize at the Bafta Film Awards - but it wasn't the only topic of conversation at this year's ceremony.
It has been a season of highs and lows for Andy Murray.
South African police have arrested two suspects in connection with the murder of a popular hip-hop star in the south-eastern city of Soweto last month.
A shot has been fired at a car outside a Liverpool primary school, police have said.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill remains on course to qualify for the Rio Olympics after the second day of the heptathlon at the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting in Belgrade.
Formula 1 team Manor have gone into administration, with the loss of up to 1,000 jobs, the BBC understands.
The number of female candidates standing in the Northern Ireland Assembly election will be the lowest on record.
How do you know if you will get the best value for your money when you go abroad?
A teenager from North Tyneside has won a competition to become the UK's first alternative model of the year.
More than 1,800 people have signed a petition calling for a statue commemorating the Falklands War in Portsmouth to remain where it is.
A man has appeared in court in connection with an alleged breach of a terror control order, the BBC has learned.
Sussex have appointed former seam bowler Chris Anyon as their new head coach of women's cricket.
League One side Bury have signed midfielder Ryan Brown on a one-year deal following a successful trial with the Shakers.
Fairytales have long been considered to be one of the most cliche fairytale stories of recent years - from Frozen to Beauty and the Beast, the latest instalment of the Coen Brothers' Oscar-winning Cinderella story is no different.
Last year's Eurovision Song Contest took place in Ukraine's capital, Kiev, with countries from around the world cheering each other on.
When The Beatles played their first gig at The Cavern Club in Liverpool's basement in 1963, the Cavern Club was in the basement of a warehouse in the city centre.
South Africa's government has proposed a minimum wage of 3,500 rand ($230; Â£125) an hour, up from the current rate of 2,800 rand ($90).
The death of Ethiopia's long-serving Prime Minister Meles Zenawi, who has died at the age of 84, has left the Horn of Africa in a state of shock.
Azhar Ali hit an unbeaten half-century for Pakistan before rain washed out the second day of the second Test against Australia in Melbourne.
Labour has won the Leith Walk by-election with a swing of more than 7% from the SNP.
Russia has said it will continue to support Syrian government forces, despite growing tensions with the US over the conflict in Syria.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-20 internationals Rhys Hughes and Jack Evans from Welsh rivals Llandovery.
US President Barack Obama's decision to impose fresh sanctions on Russia over its alleged interference in the US presidential election has sparked a storm of reaction in Moscow and Washington.
Labour's big move on university tuition fees is the party's biggest change in more than 20 years.
Fire crews have finished their work at the scene of the Shoreham air show crash, the West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service has said.
The director of US intelligence has said he has never been ordered to do anything "immoral, unethical or inappropriate" by the White House.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama celebrated their wedding anniversary with a party in Washington, the White House has said.
The following road closures have been announced in Londonderry and Tyrone.
Mental health is one of the biggest challenges facing our society today, with many of us struggling with anxiety, depression and panic attacks.
To Kill A Mockingbird author Harper Lee has been cleared of any wrongdoing after an investigation into whether she consented to the release of a new book in the US state of Alabama.
The US has suspended its participation in peace talks in Geneva between Russia and Syria, the state department has announced.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has become the first Muslim mayor of a European city.
A vicar has been appointed after a children's song was posted on social media to find a new parishioner with a "cheery disposition".
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will be out for at least 10 weeks after breaking his leg in the 2-2 draw with Everton.
A man who set fire to a train at a station in the Swiss canton of St Gallen before attacking other passengers on board has died, police say.
A drone flew within 50m (164ft) of a passenger plane as it made its final approach to an airport.
A seal has been freed from a large amount of netting after being found tangled in it in the middle of a beach in Aberdeenshire.
An archive of letters and personal items belonging to one of Scotland's most famous authors has gone on public display.
David Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
Laura Mvula is taking to the stage for the first time on BBC Two's Later... with Jools Holland later this month.
Newcastle midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he wants to prove he can still play in the Premier League after returning to action for the first time since being diagnosed with testicular cancer.
Exeter City have released their accounts for the financial year to the end of the 2015-16 season.
Paralympic javelin thrower Abdullah Hayayei died after a throwing cage collapsed on his head, the International Paralympic Committee has said.
Optimism among Scottish firms is continuing to grow, according to a new survey for the Chambers of Commerce.
Lord Justice Pitchford has opened a public inquiry into the use of undercover police in England and Wales, hearing evidence from women who have had relationships with undercover officers.
New Zealand reached the World Cup semi-finals for the third time in four years with a hard-fought victory over South Africa at Loftus Versfeld.
The National Trust is using radar technology to try to find out what is going on underneath the world's thinnest obelisk.
Inditex, the owner of Spanish chains including Zara and Pull&Bear, has reported a sharp rise in profits and sales, helped by a strong performance from its online business.
When Lady Gaga takes to the stage at Super Bowl 50 in Houston on Sunday, Texas, it will be the biggest show in the history of the game.
Victims of child sex abuse in Rochdale are still not getting enough support, a victim has said.
A shop in Belfast city centre has been forced to close for the rest of the week after a "major" water main burst.
A growing number of people are apparently posting comments on the internet regulator's website in support of net neutrality, the BBC has learned.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Jim Cotton says the club need to "rebuild" their facilities if they are to attract fans back to the north of England.
Moana has topped the US box office chart on its first weekend of release, despite a row over its depiction of Polynesian culture.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Sydney International with a straight-set win over Madison Brengle.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a masked man in Londonderry, County Tyrone.
Scientists believe they have found evidence that the fruit bats that carried the deadly Ebola virus that killed seven-year-old Emile Benikou in Guinea may have been eating bushmeat.
World number one Stuart Bingham says he will have to wait and see if he will be able to play at the PDC World Championship if his wife gives birth to their third child.
A section of a pier which partially collapsed in February is to be demolished because of a lack of planning permission, Newport City Council has decided.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the University of Oxford's controversial new student flats.
Parents have been warned their children's schools may have to shorten the school day to save money, in an open letter sent to parents.
Millions of people in parts of West Africa could be displaced as a result of plans to expand protected areas, according to a new report.
Skeletal remains have been found on a motorway slip road in Shropshire, police have said.
Colombia's Omar Martinez lost to Kazakhstan's Ruslan Dusmatov in the Olympic men's middleweight final, losing to the Uzbekistan's world champion in Rio.
University lecturers in England are to stage a one-day strike on Wednesday in a dispute over pay.
The Scottish government is to investigate plans to close a primary school in East Dunbartonshire and replace it with a new £9m school.
Former Japan striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with Japanese side Sagan Tosu.
At least 11 people have been killed in clashes in Indian-administered Kashmir on the first day of the first anniversary of the killing of a militant in the region.
Following the UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union, central banks around the world are considering how to deal with the potential impact on financial stability.
Sale Sharks forward Matt Easter is to leave the Premiership club at the end of the season to take up a job as a teacher.
Families of patients at a mental health unit at the centre of a major scandal have been told their deaths may have been caused by poor care, the BBC Wales Today programme has learned.
A 32-year-old man has been jailed for the attempted murder of a man in County Londonderry.
The United States goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches after testing positive for cocaine at a training camp in California.
Three men have admitted conspiring to supply cocaine with intent to supply, a court has heard.
Police in Scotland are to begin using Tasers on passengers travelling on the country's railways.
Glasgow-based engineering firm ID Systems is to create 100 new jobs after securing a £1.5m loan and equity investment from UK Steel Enterprise Services (UKSE).
One of the Brazilian footballers injured in a plane crash in Colombia last week that killed most of the team from the Brazilian club Chapecoense has made a partial recovery, doctors say.
BBC presenter Alan Robinson has said Highways England's plan to turn Stonehenge into a dual carriageway into a "high-class Disneyland" is "really old-fashioned".
Steven Naismith scored his first goal of the season as Everton eased to victory over Wolfsburg in their Europa League opener at Goodison Park.
Scunthorpe United midfielder Chris Bishop has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner who was stabbed to death in south London.
Prostate cancer is the "the Cinderella cancer", according to one of the UK's leading charities, but is it the most under-appreciated cancer in men?
Christian Wade scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps secured a bonus-point win over Worcester Warriors to move up to third in the Premiership.
The French woman killed in the attack on the Bardo museum in Tunisia's capital, Tunis, on Wednesday has been named as the first foreign victim of the attack, which left at least 39 people dead.
The scale of the destruction caused by Islamic State (IS) militants to Mosul airport has been revealed in satellite imagery of the city.
Network Rail has said there is "no danger" of further disruption to services on the East Coast Main Line during the Easter break.
A company has been given a permit to carry out exploratory drilling in an Aberavon field, Natural Resources Wales has said.
Online retailer Amazon is to record sales in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy after the European Union launched an investigation into the company's tax arrangements.
Junior doctors will stage a series of one-day strikes on Monday and Tuesday in a dispute over pay and conditions, the chief medical officer for England has said.
Oxford United have extended the loan of Everton Under-20 midfielder Joe Kenny until the end of the season.
Two Dorset colleges have been awarded grants of £1.5m to help them improve their facilities.
The Football Association's chairman is to meet the family of former footballer Jeff Astle to discuss the dangers of head injuries and concussions.
If you want to know what it's like to be one of the world's richest people, ask a wealth management expert, and she'll give you a very simple answer.
Sale Sharks have signed teenage twins Tom and Jack for the 2017-18 season.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an attempted robbery in Edinburgh city centre.
The United States and Egypt have failed to reach an agreement on the agenda for the next round of talks on the future of the world's first nuclear disarmament conference.
Plans to devolve control of fracking to the Welsh Government have been put on hold.
Tyson Fury has had the year of his life so far.
England head coach Eddie Jones is expected to name his final 23-man squad for the autumn internationals on Friday.
An exhibition of paintings by a soldier who served in World War One has gone on display in his home town.
Scott Brown's decision to retire at the age of 31 was premature, according to former Celtic boss Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after getting stuck in a garden fence in North Yorkshire.
Workers at the Post Office are to stage a 24-hour walkout in a dispute over plans to close branches and pensions.
Ulster Unionist Party leadership candidate Mike Nesbitt has said he is "confident and relaxed" about the party's prospects in next month's Northern Ireland Assembly election, despite the continuing controversy over his comments about voting for the SDLP.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have said they have found drugs with an estimated street value of up to 1.5m euros (Â£1.1m) in Dublin.
The Northern Ireland Secretary of State, Gerry Adams, has said there is a "greater opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley has urged his players to "keep their feet on the ground" as the League Two promotion hopefuls continue their impressive start to the season.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said Qatar's response to a list of demands from four Arab states has not been "measured and realistic".
Christine Evans has said she will not stand in the UKIP leadership contest, saying she has "given up hope of becoming the next leader of the party".
A taxi driver has been arrested in the Indian capital, Delhi, on suspicion of kidnapping and raping a female passenger, police say.
When the final whistle went at the Stade de France in Lyon on Sunday night, the atmosphere at Parc des Princes was deafeningly deafening.
Renfrewshire has been ranked as the most deprived area in Scotland, according to new figures.
Olympic gold medallists Paddy Cassells and David Scrimgeour won their lightweight double sculls semi-final at the Rotterdam Rowing Championships in the Netherlands.
Raith Rovers have signed midfielder Callum Johnston from Kilmarnock for an undisclosed fee.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to beat Swansea City and leave manager Francesco Guidolin's future at the Liberty Stadium in the balance.
Rugby has had a week that has left me pondering a question that has been bugging me for a long time.
Radiohead will headline the opening night of the TRNSMT music festival, which will take place in Glasgow this weekend.
The US has urged North Korea to stop "irresponsible provocations" after Pyongyang said it had restarted a key nuclear reactor.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who went missing 25 years ago, police have said.
It was the question you did not expect to hear on BBC Radio Manchester this week.
Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce starred as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets to move top of the Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier Group B table.
A hospital which has been in special measures for the past three years is still failing to recruit enough qualified nurses, a report has found.
Britain's Mark Cavendish is in contention for a medal in the men's road race after a successful start to his Olympic career in Rio.
The Northern Ireland Executive is to spend an extra £200m on health services over the next financial year.
Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss have filed a new lawsuit against Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in a long-running dispute over who created the social network.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being hit by a car in South Yorkshire.
Harry Pincher was one of Britain's best-known journalists and one of the country's best known spies.
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Dundee striker Scott Stewart on a season-long loan from Scottish Premiership side Dundee United.
A former soldier who was arrested as part of an investigation into alleged payments to public officials will not face trial, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
Two care homes have been told to make urgent improvements after inspectors found "serious concerns" about the quality of care being provided to residents.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted armed robbery in north London.
Power has been restored to the remaining 10,000 customers left without electricity in a Lancashire city after a substation lost power.
The government has been told to reconsider a decision to refuse planning permission for 1,000 new homes.
The Isle of Wight's troubled new Solent ferry is to be temporarily closed to the public until the end of the month, following a series of problems with it.
Paris St-Germain have signed Lille midfielder Djibril Sliti from French Ligue 1 side Caen on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to kids on a trip to the International Space Station.
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
A military aircraft has made an emergency landing at Prestwick Airport after it lost contact with air traffic control.
Police have been granted more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
The Euro 2016 finals will begin in France this summer, with Germany aiming to defend the title they won in 1998 and Spain aiming to win a third successive title.
Great Britain will host Greece in a friendly at the Copper Box in Stratford-upon-Avon on Sunday, 17 June, at 17:30 BST.
Wales' hopes of reaching the World Cup semi-finals suffered a major blow as they lost to Australia in the last eight at Twickenham.
Scotland scrum-half Josh Strauss says the players are determined to give Vern Cotter a send-off in his final Six Nations match as head coach.
David Petraeus, the former CIA director and top US military commander in Iraq and Afghanistan, has told the BBC that the battle against Islamic State (IS) must have a "political" component as well as a military component.
The City of Edinburgh Council has confirmed the personal details of more than 100,000 people have been accessed through a cyber attack on its website.
Rebels in Syria say they have begun a series of attacks against government forces in response to recent violations of the country's seven-week truce.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it will begin advertising on its platform.
David Bowie's widow, Susanne Hall, is to perform a tribute to the late singer at this year's Mercury Music Prize.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner 30 years ago.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has backed calls for a cross-party approach to Brexit following the general election.
Relatives of the 96 football fans who died in the Hillsborough disaster have met the home secretary for the first time.
Bullying and cyberbullying could be prosecuted in the same way as other crimes under new laws aimed at tackling online abuse.
When 10-year-old Faizan Bhat, who was shot dead in Indian-administered Kashmir on Sunday, came home from school, his mother, Zarifa, took him for dinner.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd.
Four companies have been shortlisted to bid for the Welsh Government's first rail franchise.
BBC Radio Scotland's longest-serving presenter, Robbie Robertson, is to step down from his show after 35 years of broadcasting.
Preston manager Chris Coleman has criticised the Football League for giving Carlisle United an 'unfair advantage' by allowing the Cumbrians to play their next three matches away from home.
Two Manchester United fans have been released without charge after cutting themselves off from the rest of the party at Emirates Stadium ahead of Saturday's Premier League match against Arsenal.
Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat Preston in extra-time and reach the EFL Cup second round for the second successive season.
A shop worker has said he has been offered an offer to appear on a TV show after posting an appeal on Facebook to find his tools after they went missing.
Laura Muir says she is "gutted" she will not be able to represent Scotland at the Commonwealth Games in April.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the new season as he continues his rehabilitation from a fraud conviction.
BBC Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans has opened a book of condolence for Sir Terry Wogan, describing him as "one of the greatest broadcasters of our age".
Scottish politicians have been giving their views on the future of the Clyde shipyards on the site of Govan and Scotstoun.
Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Marco Rubio went head-to-head in their first televised debate ahead of next week's primary election.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second time in three years.
Lifeguards are to be stationed at a beach where six people drowned in the space of a month following a series of incidents at the same spot.
Partick Thistle captain Scott Osman says the players would be disappointed if manager Alan Archibald were to leave Firhill this summer.
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of trying to leave the country to join so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq and Syria.
York City have signed Hull City midfielder Callum Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS in England could save up to £500m a year by cutting the number of foreigners visiting the country, such as expats and asylum seekers, the government has said.
Belfast Giants boosted their hopes of catching Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils by beating Braehead Clan 4-1 on Monday night.
The Flying Scotsman, the world's first steam locomotive, is returning to the UK for the first time since 1966.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a boy at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has been awarded damages from the De La Salle Brothers.
The first Harry Potter spin-off film, Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them, has topped the UK and Ireland box office on its opening weekend.
Britain's Elinor Williamson says she is lucky to be alive after breaking her spine in a crash at the European Track Championships in Rotterdam.
The gap between the life expectancies of men and women is starting to narrow, according to a new study.
A former police and crime commissioner has resigned from his post to appear on BBC One's Question Time.
"If you want to know how to deal with debt, read Stephen King," says one of the best-known economists of the 21st Century.
Thames Water could get a return of up to 14% a year on its investment in the Thames Tunnel project, according to a leading academic.
The developer of the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon project has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of making "unrealistic and grossly misleading" claims about the potential impact on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Glasgow Warriors forward Josh Strauss on a two-year deal from next season.
A China Eastern Airlines plane has been forced to make an emergency landing after part of its left engine exploded shortly after take-off.
The family of a woman who was refused permission to stay in the UK because of her husband's low income have said they are "hopeful" the Home Office will reconsider its decision.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Czech coach Tomas Fitzel has backed the idea of a 16-team top-flight in the Czech Republic, saying it would benefit the development of young players.
Congo-Brazzaville's President Joseph Kabila has appointed opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi as interim leader.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored his first goal of the season as Wycombe ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with victory over Exeter.
Australian journalists at Fairfax Media, the country's biggest newspaper publisher, have gone on strike in a dispute over plans to cut jobs.
Richard Hannon says apprentice jockey Jack Marquand has the potential to follow in the footsteps of former champion jockey Ryan Moore.
The Colombian government and the Farc rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks next month, a week after the former head of the Colombian army was kidnapped by the rebels.
Blackburn Rovers have been charged by the Football Association with failing to control their players following a charge of violent conduct against West Bromwich Albion striker Emmanuel Akpan.
Octopuses appear to change colour and pose in ways that suggest they are showing aggression, according to a study.
Former British number one Laura Robson will return to Nottingham for the first time since 2013 when she plays in the Nottingham Open.
The Democratic Republic of Congo government has said it will not exhume the bodies of up to 1,000 people whose bodies have been found buried in a field near the capital, Kinshasa.
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has agreed a three-and-a-half-year contract with Everton, BBC Sport understands.
The government's Housing White Paper is supposed to be the start of a new era for housing policy in England.
At least one person has been killed and several people injured in a bomb attack on a Turkish military base in northern Iraq, the Turkish military says.
Police searching for a missing teenager have found a body in woodland in North Lanarkshire.
Luis Suarez has been named the world's most valuable player for the first time, with a value of £150.8m, according to a study.
The Solar Impulse plane has set off from China's east coast on the final leg of its attempt to fly around the world using the power of the Sun, with its pilot, Marc Borschberg, leading the way.
A police and crime commissioner (PCC) who was suspended after being accused of gross misconduct has reached an "amicable settlement" with her former boss, the BBC understands.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as the grandfather Rory Gilmore in US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 72.
Northern Ireland captain Gareth McAuley says it was a "very special moment" for the players after scoring the winning goal in their 2-1 Euro 2016 victory over Ukraine.
The High Court in Belfast has rejected a challenge to the UK government's power to trigger Brexit without consulting the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The daughter of a mother and her 13-year-old son who were killed in a suspected murder-suicide has paid tribute to her "bubbly and full of life" son.
As North Korea prepares to celebrate the release of two Americans who have been sentenced to hard labour for crimes against the state, BBC News takes a look at their cases.
South Korea's education minister has apologised after a question-making error in a high school entrance exam caused "chaos and inconvenience" among thousands of students.
Gloucester Rugby League have held talks with the owners of Cheltenham Town Football Club about a potential partnership.
A Labour MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to "isolate and ostracise" him from his family.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish are among the stars set to compete in this year's Tour of Britain.
A man has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering offences linked to a £1m fraud at a cardiac charity.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have arrested five people accused of beating up a Dalit woman with a sari and a sledgehammer.
Turkey has accused the United States of trying to "put Turkey on a par with a terrorist organisation" over its military operations in Syria.
Mae'r Church Times wedi dweud ei gael ei anfon gan Esgob Llanelwy yng Nghymru, yn ôl e-bost dyddiedig 8 Chwefror.
Toshiba, the world's second-biggest conglomerate, is in talks with banks about taking out loans, according to reports.
England will have to "pull their fingers out" if they are to beat Pakistan and level the three-match series, says James Anderson.
British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland says New Zealand head coach Graham Henry was right to leave out half of his squad for the first two Tests of their tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have signed midfielder Ryan Hodson on a season-long loan from Championship rivals MK Dons.
The Croick Decanter, a key relic of the Highland Clearances, has been donated to Inverness Museum.
A woman has been jailed for life for the "horrific" murder of a man who was tied up and stabbed to death in his home in County Antrim.
Guns are being sold on the "dark web" - the part of the internet where people buy and sell illegal goods - according to a new study.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A man once dubbed the world's fattest has been granted a visa to travel to the United States for free weight-loss surgery.
A new class of drugs that target several different parts of the prostate cancer molecule at the same time could help men with the disease, say researchers at the University of Aberdeen.
Uefa and the English Football League have signed an agreement ending a long-running dispute over the scheduling of domestic matches on the same night as Champions League matches.
Pupils should be given information about female genital mutilation (FGM) as part of their school lessons, a teachers' union has said.
Police have launched an investigation after a woman was raped in a park in Paisley.
Swansea City have lost their "swansea Way" and it will be "tough" to return to the Premier League if they are relegated from the Championship, according to former manager Alan Curtis.
More students in Wales are repaying their student loans than any other part of the UK, new figures have shown.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of posing as a Lufthansa pilot and trying to board a German airline's flight from Munich to Turin.
David Cameron has called for "tougher rules" to be put in place to make it easier for migrants from the Indian sub-continent to settle in the UK.
The number of children in working families living in poverty in Wales has more than doubled in the past decade, according to a new report.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that people who regularly travel between jobs should be paid for the time they spend travelling between them.
Pupils have returned to schools in Guinea's capital, Conakry, for the first time since Ebola was declared a public health emergency last month.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 has closed down for a second day as global stock markets continue to slide amid continuing concerns about the health of the global economy.
The family of a teenage girl whose mutilated body parts were found in a County Tyrone garden have said they are "angry and fearful" after receiving information about her killer.
Former Russian Prime Minister Sergei Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" for a Chechen leader who posted a video apparently showing him being shot dead.
Louis van Gaal did not need to use the word "surprise" to describe his side's performance in the 1-0 Premier League win over Arsenal.
Scottish brewer and bar operator BrewDog has launched its first US crowdfunding round to help fund expansion plans in the US.
Tata Steel workers in the UK have reached a deal with the company in a long-running dispute over the future of their pension scheme.
Keurig Green Mountain, the US single-serve coffee pod maker, is being bought by a group of investors for $3.7bn (Â£2.1bn) in cash.
A university has removed a poster after it was branded "in bad taste" in the wake of the Jennifer Lawrence iCloud photo leak.
A man has been stabbed to death in north London.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has defended the club's lack of players called up to the England and British and Irish Lions squads.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side are aiming to become the first team to go unbeaten in a season after matching the most wins in the club's history.
The University of Londonderry has said the developer of a new student accommodation will not be ready for the start of the new academic year.
A council in Northern Ireland has said it is "sorry to disappoint people" after it was unable to use a popular children's cartoon character at a festive event.
Aston Villa have appointed Brighton & Hove Albion head coach Colin Calderwood as their new first-team coach.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says he will use the disappointment of being dropped for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand as motivation as he prepares for his first captaincy.
England's performance in the Six Nations win over Scotland was exactly what they wanted it to be.
Great Britain's hopes of winning the Olympic men's 4x100m relay were ended by a last-second baton change in the semi-finals against Jamaica.
A man has been seriously injured in a crash between a car and a bus travelling from Edinburgh to Falkirk.
A 23-year-old man has died after a forklift truck he was driving crashed into a tree in South Lanarkshire.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says her new trainer Virgil Hunter can help her follow in the footsteps of former world champion Andre Ward.
World powers have been trying to stop Iran developing nuclear weapons for 70 years, ever since the end of World War Two.
Former Anglo Irish Bank boss David Drumm has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland after being extradited from the United States on fraud charges.
Lala Njava is one of Madagascar's best-known musicians, who is best known for playing the Malagasy blues.
For the first time in years, there are signs that Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar's opposition leader, is trying to help the country's Muslim minority in Rakhine State.
When I first met my coach Ivan Lendl at Queen's Club this week, I didn't know what to expect from him.
The voting age for 16 and 17-year-olds has been lowered from 18 to 16 for the first time in the UK.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff has spent the last few months trying to find a replacement for Nico Rosberg, who left the team at the end of 2016.
Smokers may be increasing the risk of developing schizophrenia, a study of more than 300,000 people suggests.
Three people have been rescued from the sea after getting into difficulty at a beach in Somerset.
The former Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Carey, has said the Church of England could be "promoting anguish and pain, the very opposite of a Christian message of hope".
Former Leicester City striker Gary Lineker says the decision to sack Claudio Ranieri as manager of the Premier League champions "beggars belief".
Rescue workers in Bangladesh are continuing to dig through the rubble of the collapsed Rana Plaza garment factory in the capital, Dhaka, where dozens of people are still trapped.
Dundee United have signed goalkeeper Harry Lewis from Southampton for an undisclosed fee.
Aberdeen won the Scottish Cup for the first time in the club's history with a 3-0 victory over Celtic at Hampden.
The public inquiry into the death of Alexander Litvinenko, who was killed by radioactive radiation poisoning in London in November 2006, is due to begin on Wednesday.
A health board has been criticised for "misunderstanding" over how it handled a charity's fundraising campaign to raise money for an organ donation charity.
An elderly woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving after being seen using a tractor as a taxi in North Yorkshire.
A man has denied pretending to be a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire in west London last year.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu, a former government minister and member of the opposition, looks ahead to 2017.
A man who built a mock Tudor castle without planning permission has been told to demolish it after being found in contempt of court.
Nottingham's new tram line has opened to the public for the first time after months of delays.
The DIY SOS team has been targeted in a spate of break-ins while working on a charity DIY project at a charity show.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.7bn for the year to the end of September, compared with a profit of $1.1bn in 2014.
EE and Three are the best mobile networks in the UK in terms of reliability and speed, according to a new study.
A man has been given a two-year driving ban after he admitted stealing a wheelie bin and driving it across Dumfries.
Residents of Vila Uniao, one of Rio de Janeiro's poorest neighbourhoods, have taken to the streets to protest against the planned demolition of their homes.
The UK's nuclear safety watchdog has been accused of "moving the goalposts" after raising a safety limit on one of the country's oldest reactors.
The American hunter who shot and killed Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe has been arrested and charged with the unlawful killing of the famous animal.
One of Scotland's best known whisky distillers is toasting the 200th anniversary of its first distillery on the island of Islay.
David Hockney's assistant jumped head first off a balcony after drinking acid, an inquest into the death of a friend has heard.
Nigerian rower Chierika Ukogu has made history by becoming the first female Nigerian to win an Olympic medal.
A plane bound for Chicago has made an emergency landing in Edinburgh after declaring a second emergency in 24 hours.
A minute's silence will be held before this week's major sporting events in the wake of the Manchester terror attacks.
The government has been criticised for spending £8.3bn on converting more than 2,000 schools in England into academies in the last two years - £1bn over budget.
When Russell Knox walked through the door at Royal Troon Golf Club this week, you could almost hear the excitement in his voice.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes is taking legal action against Lancashire Police in a bid to force them to release CCTV footage of her daughter's last day.
Rio de Janeiro police have asked the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, for a formal interview as part of an investigation into alleged corruption at the Rio Olympics.
Joyce Banda is the first female president of Malawi.
The English Football League has announced the first round of EFL Cup first-round ties for the 2017-18 season.
Three pygmy marmosets have been returned to their zoo enclosure in Australia after being stolen from their enclosure last week.
Recruitment websites like Mumsnet could help increase the number of women working in the UK's intelligence services.
The head of the UK's largest Muslim faith group has said the Westminster terror attack was a "barbaric atrocity".
Singer Charlotte Church has announced that she and her partner have lost their baby.
A man who admitted causing the deaths of two men in a head-on crash during a police chase has been jailed for 12 years.
A woman who lived as a man for more than 30 years before having gender reassignment surgery has spoken of her joy at finally being able to live as a woman.
Astronomers have discovered a baby Jupiter-like planet orbiting a distant star.
Campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport in preparation for the Nato summit in the city later this month.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of hacking after Pippa Middleton's iCloud account was allegedly offered to a newspaper for private photographs of her children.
The Polish ambassador to Britain has called on all Polish nationals who have fallen victim to "xenophobic abuse" to come forward and report it.
Ospreys have signed Wales international flanker Rob McCusker from London Irish on a deal until the end of the season.
Masked gunmen have robbed a convoy carrying a Saudi prince's motorcade in Paris of 250,000 euros (Â£200,000; $300,000) in cash and official documents, French prosecutors say.
When you hear the words 'women in a man's world' and 'women at the Olympics', you might be forgiven for thinking they are two very different things.
Shetland has been advised to stay away from the coast after the island was cut off from the rest of Shetland due to a fault at Orkney's main transmitter.
A Jersey school has cancelled its school prom after a colleague raised concerns about the strain of trying to "be slim, fashionable, have perfect skin".
Mohamed is the kind of man you would expect to find at the centre of Europe's migrant crisis.
Former Leyton Orient boss Gary Porter has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club, with the option of a third.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted that she did fall asleep during last year's State of the Union address after drinking wine before the speech.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of a terrorism offence.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has announced he is to step down next month after eight years in office.
Labour has accused the Conservative Party of running an "industrial scale" campaign of "personal attacks" on Labour candidates in the general election.
A taxi driver has been asked to come forward in connection with an attempted child abduction in Derby.
A food truck which trains former gang members in catering and hospitality skills is to expand its operation to help more offenders in Scotland.
A man who raped a woman in Edinburgh 10 years ago could be living in the Netherlands, police have said.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at their headquarters, moving armoured vehicles close to the main building amid fears of a possible attack.
A paedophile who groomed a 12-year-old boy on Facebook before raping and sexually assaulting him has been jailed for 12 years.
Samantha Geraghty is the latest astronaut to board the International Space Station (ISS).
A councillor has been warned by the council to expect a High Court injunction if she continues to take part in tree-removal protests.
Team Sky riders Geraint Thomas and Peter Kennaugh have backed team boss Dave Brailsford in his fight to stay in charge of British Cycling.
Snap, the owner of messaging app Snapchat, has confirmed that it is developing a wearable camera which can record 360-degree video.
Guinea-Bissau's players have received their bonuses for qualifying for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations, the country's government has announced.
David Cameron has said he "strongly supports" plans to expand a Kent grammar school and has backed plans to open a satellite campus in Sevenoaks.
Bristol City ended Watford's unbeaten start to the Championship season with victory at Vicarage Road, despite playing most of the game with 10 men.
Two wings at a prison in Wiltshire have been "destroyed" after two days of "disturbances", the Prison Officers' Association has said.
England women's player of the year Joe Root has praised former head coach Peter Moores after being appointed Test vice-captain for the 2017 season.
Southend United manager Grant McCann says he will not give up on the League One play-offs despite seeing his side beaten by Peterborough United.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Kent.
A railway line which was closed for more than a month after a section of track collapsed is to remain closed until the end of the month.
The Metropolitan Police has reached a settlement with an Asian detective who claimed he was racially discriminated against after he saw a stuffed monkey toy on a black colleague's desk.
Philippine President-elect Rodrigo Duterte has said he wants to "kill the media" if they criticise his administration's war on drugs.
A surfer has died after being attacked by a shark while surfing in Western Australia.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a kayak at a lifeboat station in Gwynedd.
Botswana has a lot going for it.
A toddler who was allegedly murdered by her mother's partner suffered "terrible injuries" before she died, a court has heard.
Manager Mixu Paatelainen hailed the spirit of his Dundee United players after they beat 10-man St Johnstone to keep their Premiership survival hopes alive.
A man has been found guilty of killing his partner after she sent him a text message saying she hoped he would stay away from her.
Three men who gave a man the "kiss of life" after he was trapped in the back of a car in a dyke have described the moment they saved his life.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has welcomed the decision by Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe to increase the number of armed officers patrolling the capital.
Italy's lower house of parliament has approved a new proportional representation system for the first time in the country's history.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Friday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs.
A man who admitted causing the death of a three-year-old boy in a head-on crash has been jailed for five years.
London will host this summer's World Para-athletics Championships for the first time in the same year as the World Athletics Championships.
The Afghan president has promised to investigate the case of a man who threatened to kill his wife after she was allegedly gang raped by a gang of men.
A man who barricaded himself into his girlfriend's home before breaking through the roof has been jailed for two years.
Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott hit his second Championship century of the season as Division Two leaders Somerset were made to toil on a rain-affected third day.
Newport County manager Mike Flynn won his first game in charge of the Exiles as Mickey Demetriou's free-kick saw off Yeovil Town.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England eased to a 5-1 win over Guinea-Bissau in their second match at the Under-20 World Cup.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned from the party's front bench after posting a picture of a "snob" home on Twitter following the Rochester and Strood by-election defeat.
Richard Carpenter, one half of The Carpenters, is suing the record label that has released his band's music for decades.
Scottish Enterprise is leading a trade mission to Myanmar, which will see a number of Scottish companies visiting the country.
At Parc Cadeau, a dusty ranch on the outskirts of Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic, hundreds of Haitians are living in squalid shacks, some of them children as young as five.
A Surrey school is to become the first in the county to receive a "substantial" increase in pupil numbers, the county council has announced.
Portsmouth have made their third signing of the January transfer window by bringing in Congo international Aristote Linganzi on a short-term deal.
Ulster pair Jared Henderson and Sean Bowe are set to return from injury in time for the Pro12 game against Zebre.
Councillors in a Brecon Beacons town have met to discuss a plan to turn a pub into a convenience store.
Airdrieonians were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle in Scottish League One.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been urged to do more to help refugees fleeing conflicts in Syria and Iraq.
The Scottish government has been urged to rethink plans to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland.
A primary school has been accused of breaching the Equality Act after a four-year-old girl was banned from wearing a headscarf.
A man who fraudulently claimed £39,000 in benefits has been jailed for two-and-a-half years.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of an elderly man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in West Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Women's World Cup has been a huge success for women's football in the UK and I'm looking forward to the next stage of the tournament, which starts in Canada this weekend.
Neil Hamilton has hit back after UKIP leader Nigel Farage accused him of being an "ageist" over his bid to lead the party in Wales.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says his side prepared for the game they wanted to play against Manchester United "the way they wanted it to be".
Older people living in residential care in Wales are being asked to give their views on the quality of care they receive.
S4C has appointed Neil Evans as its new chief executive, the Welsh Government has announced.
Mae'r Prif Weinidog, Theresa May, wedi dweud ei bod yn cael ei chynnal yn dilyn pleidlais gwleidyddion y Undeb Ewropeaidd, yn ôl y blaid Lafur.
The search is under way for clues to the identity of the mythical Himalayan "yeti", one of the world's most bizarre myths.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho's failed drugs test was the result of an "inadequate" investigation by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada), Uefa has said.
The UK should regulate genetically modified (GM) crops based on their individual benefits and risks, rather than following the European Union's "blanket" approach, a report says.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said he is "shocked and saddened" by comments by Israel's top military commander about the Holocaust.
The Welsh language broadcaster S4C is to get an independent review into its future, the Wales Office has said.
Passengers are being warned to expect disruption to their journeys to and from Glasgow to Edinburgh as a major engineering project gets under way.
Liverpool owner Fawaz Al Hasawi has confirmed the sale of the Premier League club to a consortium of American businessmen.
There has been a slight rise in the proportion of Northern Ireland pupils getting top A* to C GCSE grades this year.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned of a global economic slowdown, as it held its spring meeting of finance ministers and central bankers in Washington DC.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry will not take part in the first televised Republican presidential debate, his spokesman has said.
Leicester Tigers have extended the loan of Bristol centre Ellis Genge until the end of the season.
The car tax disc is to be replaced with a direct debit system, the transport minister has said, amid concerns about the future of thousands of jobs.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes believes the introduction of artificial pitches has helped improve the county's batting form.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live next door to Facebook HQ?
A teenage boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of 14-year-old Bailey Gwynne who was stabbed to death at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have signed Carlisle United goalkeeper Ben Davies on a one-year deal after he turned down a new contract with the League Two club.
Three teenagers who stabbed a teenager to death after a Notting Hill Carnival have had their sentences increased.
It was the scene at the end of Sunday night's closing ceremony in the Olympic Park.
Sykes-Picot, the map of the Middle East drawn by the British and French colonial powers in the 1920s and 1930s, is in the midst of a crisis of its own.
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts says he came to the club to improve and wants to return to Manchester City at the end of the season.
The Premier League has more than doubled its spending on agents' fees in the 2016-17 season, according to the latest full-year figures.
Colchester United have signed former Watford goalkeeper Matt Gilmartin and Colchester United goalkeeper Chris Brill.
Dingledine, the Tor Project's co-founder and one of the founders of the controversial "dark web" software, is a man who does not like talking about his work.
A couple who were found dead in their garage were unlawfully killed, an inquest has heard.
Gordon Strachan was speaking to his players at half-time on the opening day of the World Cup qualifier against Malta on Sunday.
Bury moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory at home to struggling Coventry City.
Australian authorities have returned 46 Vietnamese refugees to their home country after the boat they were travelling on was scuttled, the government has said.
World champion Marc Marquez extended his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings with victory in the final race of the season in Valencia.
Helen Glover says she is looking forward to the start of the new season after returning to Great Britain's women's double sculls team for this weekend's European Championships in Amsterdam.
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of "dismaying" the Liberal Democrats' "commitment to fairness", in his final Commons speech as leader.
China's industrial output rose at its slowest pace in more than two years in April, adding to concerns that the world's second largest economy may be losing momentum.
Microsoft's research and development team is working on ideas which could change the way we interact with computers and other devices.
It has been a night of highs and lows for the Welsh political scene.
Hartlepool United have signed Reading striker Ola Tshibola on loan until the end of the season and Mansfield Town striker Jake Bingham on a month's loan.
Voting is under way in the general election on Merseyside.
A County Down teenager who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer has had a huge outpouring of support from people all over the world, thanks to a billboard in County Down.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Pride London parade, with organisers urging people to "be your true selves" and "live without filter".
Up to 230 jobs could be lost after a helicopter manufacturer announced plans to move production out of the UK, the Unite union has said.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping and kidnapping a woman in east Belfast and assaulting a police officer.
The UK government claimed the remote North Atlantic island of Rockall in the 1950s, according to newly released documents.
The Beatles' drummer who played on Sgt Pepper has been honoured for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life.
National League side Alfreton Town have signed York City midfielder Joe Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
The UK government has outlined its vision for the future of the country's energy supply, with a focus on bioenergy.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cut its forecast for the next government's ability to balance the books.
Sophie Raworth is to join the line-up of presenters on BBC Two's Watchdog.
The head of the Liberian Football Association (LFA) is threatening to challenge Fifa's decision to allow a member of its executive committee to take part in the 26 February presidential election.
A man has been found guilty of raping and murdering a teenage girl 35 years ago.
The BBC's spending on research and development helped boost the economy in the north of England and the south of England in the last financial year, the corporation has said.
World number two Ding Junhui eased into the World Championship semi-finals with a 10-2 victory over top seed Mark Williams.
The US is to resume providing security assistance to Bahrain, the US has announced, despite criticism from rights groups.
A ticket signed by members of The Beatles for a gig they played in 1963 has been valued at £3,000.
MPs are calling for a review of the government's strategy for young people leaving care in England.
Requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" is "deeply ill-considered and political posturing", a teachers' union has said.
A body has been found by police searching for a man who has been missing from his home in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
David Oyelowo has spoken out in support of Benedict Cumberbatch after he used the word "coloured" to describe black actors.
Vulnerable people with learning disabilities and learning disabilities are being deprived of their rights unlawfully, the Law Commission has said.
Margaret Thatcher was prime minister in the 1980s and 90s, and is widely credited with ushering in a new era of economic prosperity.
GDF Suez and BP have announced the discovery of a joint oil and gas discovery in the North Sea's Central North Sea.
Red Bull say they have ended their relationship with Mercedes engines and are in talks with other manufacturers about engines for next season.
A cruise ship that caught fire last week has docked in the US Gulf of Mexico for the last time, after thousands of passengers and crew were evacuated.
London Irish came from behind to beat Harlequins in the European Challenge Cup quarter-final second leg at The Stoop.
The Department of the States of Guernsey has launched a consultation on the potential for development in 10 areas of the island.
A Slumdog Millionaire film is to be screened in Kingussie later this month after the village featured in the Oscar-winning film.
Marcus Trescothick hit a career-best century to help Somerset fight back against Middlesex and leave the game in the balance.
A report into the so-called "Trojan Horse" "Islam plot" in Birmingham schools has found evidence of a "hardline and politicised strain of Sunni Islam" in some schools, according to a leaked report.
Venezuela's opposition-controlled parliament has been left in the dark after the electricity was cut off during a debate on a new energy law.
When her son needed an operation for eye surgery, his mother went to the doctor's office and asked for a thank-you envelope to thank him for the treatment.
Argentina says it will seek the extradition of four British oil companies operating in the Falkland Islands.
Two of England's best-known rugby union players are celebrating their 20th birthday by playing for their old club.
The world's oldest human being has died at the age of 112.
Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, according to Scarlets captain Ken Owens.
Widnes Vikings moved off the foot of the Super League table thanks to a hard-fought win at St Helens.
A boxer who was banned from competing for Team Wales because of her kickboxing past is set to make her professional debut in October.
Maria Sharapova is back in the top 500 of the women's rankings after winning her first match since returning from a doping ban at the Stuttgart Open.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Japan's Kei Nishikori in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Tokyo Open.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston is keen to add a veteran striker to his squad in the January transfer window in a bid to shore up his attacking options.
French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have issued starkly different responses to the European Union after voters in France and the UK turned against it.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of being "wilfully dishonest" over his pledge to cut immigration.
The UK should renew its Trident nuclear weapons system and build a fleet of four submarines to provide "continuous, around-the-clock" defence, Theresa May has said.
Councils in England are to be given a share of £250m to pay for weekly bin collections, the government has announced.
The Amazon rainforest may have been used as a "prehistoric supermarket of useful forest products", according to new research.
Tom Walsh kicked Catalans Dragons to their second win of the Super League season as they came from behind to beat Hull FC at the Madejski Stadium.
Actor Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal songs, called Metal Knight, which he has described as "the most metal fictional character I know".
Cardiff City have parted company with manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer after just two years in charge of the Championship club.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to repeat the mistakes of his first season in charge of the Premier League club.
Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Drake has been re-elected.
The Queen has dined out at a historic Edinburgh pub for the first time in more than 200 years.
Stephen Copoc, from Garston, Liverpool, travelled to the match by car with a group of friends, all of whom survived.
A US marine has been found guilty of killing a transgender woman in the Philippines and sentenced to a minimum of 12 years in prison.
Ian Fleming says anyone found guilty of match-fixing should be banned from the sport.
The US military is considering whether to transfer Chelsea Manning, who has gender dysphoria, to a civilian prison, the Pentagon has said.
David Cameron and George Osborne are due to meet for the first face-to-face talks after Iain Duncan Smith quit as Conservative leader and work and pensions secretary.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out of the Korea Cup in the second round by American Lauren Davis.
What do you do when you're the world's oldest person and your family is moving on?
Kimi Raikkonen headed a Ferrari one-two in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix.
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland international Kyle McClean on a free transfer.
The Walt Disney Company is one of the most powerful companies in the entertainment industry.
The number of students who have been accepted on to university courses through the so-called A-level "clearance" system has reached an all-time high.
Increasing the use of phosphorus as a fertiliser must double by the middle of the century if the world's grasslands are to cope with demand for food and feed crops.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said he is looking into banning foreign homebuyers from buying newly built properties.
The family of a three-year-old boy who has had a liver transplant have said they are "very happy" with his progress.
A Cumbria charity boss has been given a suspended jail term for defrauding a teenage girl's charity out of thousands of pounds for a bucket list trip.
A former police community support officer who groomed and sexually abused a teenage girl and took indecent photographs of her has been jailed for 12 months.
ScotRail has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union in a long-running dispute over the role of conductors, the company has announced.
A humpback whale has been spotted in the Forth estuary for the first time in Scotland.
Sheffield Panthers moved within a point of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 5-2 win at the SSE Arena.
Helen Williams, the former Miss America who was asked to resign the title in 1984, has accepted an apology from the pageant's new head judge.
The Ministry of Defence has received more than 1,000 bids to buy four Royal Navy frigates due to be sold as scrap, the BBC understands.
The company behind plans to build a cross-border electricity interconnector between the Western Isles and the mainland has submitted a business case for the project.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson, who was kidnapped and held hostage by Islamist militants in Mali in 2013, has been released.
Will Grigg scored his first Wigan goal of the season as the Latics eased to victory over struggling Blackburn Rovers at the DW Stadium.
Children in Wales with type 1 diabetes are being kept out of school and away from their families, according to new research.
Preston North End came from behind to earn a point at Nottingham Forest and end a three-game losing run in the Championship.
Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro has been visited by the father of a young man who was killed during an anti-government protest in the capital, Caracas.
A historian has said he will fight a request by police to obtain the recordings of interviews he made for the Boston College project known as the 'Boston tapes'.
A tortoise has been stolen from a tank at a pet shop in Lancashire.
A case of bird flu has been found at a turkey breeding farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The UN refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of violating a deal with Nigeria to end the forced repatriation of people fleeing Boko Haram militants in north-eastern Cameroon.
The family of a girl who drowned while on a school trip to a swimming pool have won compensation after a High Court judge ruled the council was liable for her death.
Middlesbrough midfielder Adam Bogdan Carayol says he is looking forward to playing international football for The Gambia for the first time.
Burundi's ruling party has won a parliamentary election that was boycotted by the opposition, the electoral commission says.
Millions of savers are having to dip into their savings for the first time in two years as interest rates continue to fall.
The Forth Bridge has been awarded the status of a Unesco World Heritage Site.
The Scottish Football Association's statement on Gordon Strachan's future as manager of Scotland's under-strength squad for the remainder of the Euro 2016 qualifying campaign has been met with a mixture of indifference and indifference.
Planting a single hectare of jatropha trees could absorb up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere every year and produce biofuel, according to a study.
Scotland's main political parties have been campaigning across the country in the final days of the general election campaign.
The family of Burkina Faso's assassinated former President Michel Sankara have been asked by an investigating judge to see if France played a role in his assassination, his lawyer has said.
A pedestrian bridge has collapsed in the Indian state of Goa, killing at least one person and injuring several others.
Edinburgh has more traffic jams than any other city in the UK, according to a new study.
A man has admitted secretly filming women and children in a retail park in Falkirk while wearing khaki shorts.
Police in the US state of Texas say they are investigating the possible kidnapping of a group of Central American migrants.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he will "come down "severely hard" on Scott Foster and Ryan Swanson if they are found guilty of violent conduct after the pair were sent off during Saturday's 1-0 win over Hamilton.
British singer Sam Smith has been nominated for a Grammy Award for best new artist.
Millions of Muslims across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr this weekend.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed and a man shot in the leg.
The partner of a transgender woman who was found hanged in a men's prison cell has told an inquest she wanted to move to a women's prison.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose sharply in the second quarter of the year, according to new figures.
Three children have been released from hospital after being injured in a trailer accident on a school trip to a farm.
Andy Murray will take a two-point lead into the decisive third round of the Davis Cup final against Belgium on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says his heavyweight title fight against Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April will be the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has marked Good Friday by laying a cross at the foot of the Roman Colosseum in Rome to highlight the plight of Christians in war-torn countries.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ruled that the media will not be allowed to use the name of the man accused of carrying out a mass shooting at a cinema.
Bolivia has declared a state of emergency in parts of the country where a plague of locusts has been wreaking havoc in the countryside.
Former British and Irish Lions captain Gareth Edwards has been made a CBE in the New Year Honours list.
Scotland slumped to a 1-0 defeat by England in their Euro 2016 qualifier at Hampden.
The Antarctic emperor penguin is more adaptable than previously thought to cope with the challenges posed by climate change, a study suggests.
The first polar bears to be bred in captivity in the UK for the first time in more than a decade have started a new life together.
Martin McGuinness will return to compete in the Supersport class at this year's Isle of Man TT for the first time since suffering serious injuries in a crash in 2015.
Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete who shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, has been released from court after being handed a five-year jail sentence.
A whale has been spotted swimming in Belfast Harbour in the River Lough.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the death of an African-American woman whose death sparked a national outcry.
Fleetwood and League One side Shrewsbury played out a goalless FA Cup first-round draw at Highbury.
Louis Styles' message to Harry Styles has become the most retweeted tweet of all time.
A Chilean court has found a former member of a German-run commune responsible for the torture and sexual abuse of children in the 1970s and 1980s guilty of crimes against humanity.
The new members of the House of Commons have been delivering their first Commons speeches.
If you want to know what it would be like to fight at a fairground, you'd know exactly what to look for.
A village pub has been named Community Pub of the Year in a competition to find the best community project in the UK.
The Mexican authorities are investigating allegations of medical fraud in the state of Veracruz.
The decay of a particle at the Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) has been detected for the first time.
Gloucester City manager Gary Hughes says the club may have to move to Cheltenham Town next season if fans do not come out to watch them play.
The funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the London Marathon has taken place.
A teenager has spoken out for the first time about the "terrifying" sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of a man he thought was going to rape him.
The US-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria has killed a senior member of the militant group, the Pentagon has said.
Zac Efron has picked up the best actor prize at the Critics' Choice Movie Awards for the second year in a row.
Torquay United striker Joe Spencer is likely to be out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg.
Radamel Falcao has been left out of Chelsea's 25-man Champions League squad for the second half of the season as he continues his recovery from injury.
Tourists in Spain have been accused of causing the death of a young bottlenose dolphin after they tried to photograph it in the middle of the sea.
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of masked men during a raid on a house in west Belfast.
A Gwynedd doctor has started a challenge to get people to climb a mountain every day for a month in a bid to improve their health.
When Kavitha Kewlani won the Miss Wheelchair India beauty pageant last year, she says she had no idea that her life would take a turn for the better.
Power has been restored to all customers left without electricity in parts of Northern Ireland after it was cut off in the early hours of Sunday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in the street.
Councillors in Edinburgh have voted to move forward with plans for a new cycle and pedestrian path across the city centre.
Maternity services in Wales are "on watch", according to a new report which has called on the Welsh government to "act now".
The former head of MI5 has said the UK's involvement in the Iraq war "reduced the extremist view that the West was trying to bring down Islam", the Chilcot inquiry has heard.
Four horses have failed to make the final cut for Friday's Grand National, with odds-on favourite Many Clouds the only one to miss out.
Northern Ireland's head teacher's pay is higher than other graduate professions in Northern Ireland, according to the head of the Education Authority.
It's that time of year when the staff at Chester Zoo go through their annual stock count.
The number of drunken passengers arrested at UK airports has more than doubled in a year, according to figures obtained by the BBC's Panorama programme.
German police are hunting for a teenager suspected of murdering a 15-year-old boy whose body was found in a cellar after he was found on the dark web.
Green Party leader Caroline Lucas has said the party wants a second referendum on the UK's future relationship with the European Union if it wins seats in the general election.
A mental health trust has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog following a re-inspection.
Two Bangladeshi gay activists have been hacked to death in the capital, Dhaka, after being attacked with machetes by suspected Islamist militants.
Rule The World will not race again in the Grand National at Aintree on 26 April, his owners Gigginstown House Stud have announced.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are due to arrive in Liberia later this week.
Police have said they are continuing to search for a 43-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Inverness for a week.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles in Coronation Street and The Royle Family, has died at the age of 83.
The number of female smokers diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has more than trebled in the last 40 years, according to new figures.
The search for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month is due to resume next week.
The average price of petrol and diesel has risen by more than 5p per litre in the last month, according to the latest figures.
Oxfordshire's largest university has written an open letter warning students living in private rented accommodation about the behaviour of some of their neighbours.
The 100th anniversary of the birth of playwright Arthur Miller is being marked with a series of events marking the anniversary of his birth.
A Merseyside hospital has banned the public from visiting its wards following an outbreak of the winter vomiting bug, norovirus.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with an acid attack on two young men.
Eurotunnel has failed to win the support of a French court to buy the cross-channel ferry firm SeaFrance, which has gone into liquidation with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
Thousands of people have joined a protest in Jordan's capital, Amman, calling for political reform, a day after King Abdullah dissolved parliament and called early elections.
Serial killer Levi Bellfield has denied confessing to the murder of Milly Dowler, his solicitor has said.
Israel's cabinet has voted to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has "come up trumps" in his two seasons in charge of the Pittodrie side, according to former Rangers midfielder Lee Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says Everton are in talks with his agent over a potential move away from Goodison Park.
Uzbekistan is mourning the death of President Islam Karimov, one of Central Asia's longest-serving and most controversial leaders.
A previously unreleased Led Zeppelin session recorded for the BBC in 1971 has been broadcast for the first time.
As the National History Museum celebrates the 500th anniversary of the birth of Prince Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, we take a look back at the history of Wales in the 13th Century.
The Prison Service has said it is "utterly condemns" an attack on a female prison officer in Northern Ireland.
Millions of shoppers are expected to return their Christmas gifts on Tuesday - but could they get their money back?
Northern Ireland's new health minister has used his first speech at the Ulster Unionist Party conference in Belfast to urge people to embrace change.
The father of a girl who escaped unhurt in a coach crash in Belgium has said she has had "sleepless nights and sleepless nights" since the tragedy.
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Premiership table with victory over Motherwell thanks to the "ghost goal" that was ruled out for offside.
Former Dundee United midfielder Barry Daly says he would consider a return to Rangers if the right offer comes along.
Derby County ended Ipswich Town's seven-game winning streak in the Championship with a comfortable victory at Portman Road.
The price of oil has hit a new record high, hitting $50 a barrel for the first time in more than two months.
Police in China have arrested a man suspected of driving a Ferrari around the capital, Beijing, in a "real-life Fast and Furious" race, state media report.
Councils in England are failing to build enough affordable homes to replace properties sold through Right to Buy, according to Shelter.
Russia's lower house of parliament is set to vote on a bill to limit foreign ownership of the country's media, amid growing tensions over the conflict in Ukraine.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands and move them to make way for a new station have been discussed.
A man has been arrested after a woman and her two children were abducted from a car in Belfast.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Lee Tubbs on loan.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has set out new plans to deal with Europe's refugee crisis.
Northampton Town owner David Cardoza and his father have been named as directors of several firms with links to a failed development at Sixfields Stadium.
Chechnya's Chechen leader has provoked an outpouring of outrage in the Russian media and on social media, with opposition politicians offering to give him psychiatric help.
Haiti's former police chief Guy Philippe has gone on trial in the United States on charges of conspiracy to import cocaine and money laundering.
A health trust is offering free accommodation to new nurses in a bid to encourage them to take up full-time jobs.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a building in India's western city of Mumbai that killed at least 36 people, police say.
French footballer Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation for his alleged role in the alleged blackmailing of a team-mate over a sex tape.
Ross County have signed midfielder Ryan Chow on a season-long loan from Wigan Athletic.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire moved into second place in Division One as they beat Hampshire by an innings and 88 runs at Old Trafford.
Thousands of people are expected to take part in outdoor Christmas Day swims across the UK this weekend, organisers have said.
Three weightlifting gold medallists from China have been banned for a year after being found guilty of doping.
The number of empty shops in Scottish towns and cities has improved over the last three years, according to a new study.
The UK will not be allowed to negotiate "special" trade deals with other EU member states after Brexit, the European Commission has said.
Greek shares have continued to fall after talks between Greece and its international creditors broke up without agreement.
German airline Lufthansa has cancelled all flights from Germany to the rest of Europe on Tuesday after pilots went on strike for the second day in a row.
Glastonbury Festival has admitted a charge of polluting a river after sewage leaked from a tank used for slurry storage.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that George Osborne may not have been quite as "an austere Chancellor" as critics of his spending plans have suggested.
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has been released by Belgian club Standard Liege after just one season at Old Trafford.
Ross Moriarty's British and Irish Lions debut has been anything but an easy ride.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the 14-19 education system in England.
Workers at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland operations have been told to expect an announcement next week on the future of their jobs.
The government should set a new target of delivering "world-beating" broadband speeds by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A sculpture of a man lying face-down in the River Weymouth has been found to be a life-size bronze sculpture.
A man who tried to meet a teenage girl for sex has been jailed for two-and-a-half years after he was caught by a paedophile hunting group.
Solihull Moors ended a run of three straight defeats in the National League with victory at 10-man Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has said the US will take in 110,000 refugees in the coming year as part of a global pledge to take in a record number of refugees.
Former Liberal Democrat MP David Laws has started a new job with a think-tank as he continues his search for a new career.
Archaeologists working on the restoration of Brighton's Corn Exchange building have uncovered a series of Quaker burial cairns.
Mae gwasanaeth Tân ac Achub Gogledd Cymru wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle.
Only 13 people have applied for a grant to help those affected by flooding in York last year, the BBC has learned.
A woman whose friend was killed in a motorway crash on her hen party trip has said she wants to help others who have suffered similar injuries.
Police in Cuba have arrested dozens of human rights activists who were protesting against the government's human rights record, reports say.
Scottish new car sales rose by more than 5% in March compared with the same month last year, according to new figures.
Police in Edinburgh have warned tourists visiting the city centre of being targeted in a series of scams in which they have been the victims of impersonators trying to steal money.
The European Commission has said it will not reopen the controversial CETA trade deal with Canada, despite growing criticism from both sides of the Atlantic.
A chocolate artist has recreated ships from the Battle of Trafalgar in the shape of galleons to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle.
A man who had to be shocked 17 times with a defibrillator after suffering a cardiac arrest has been discharged from hospital.
Enniskillen rower Eimear Nesbitt has won Great Britain's first medal of the World Cup regatta with a bronze medal in the women's double sculls.
The Kids Company charity, which has closed down amid a row over funding, has been accused of failing to investigate allegations of sexual abuse at one of its sites.
A shop-goer's pet pug has become so popular with shoppers he has his own Facebook page.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with victory over fellow promotion hopefuls Southend United thanks to Craig Evans' first-half strike.
South Africa's new mayor of the southern city of Tshwane has said he will not buy or lease new luxury cars, after the local government bought 10 BMW cars worth more than half a million rand ($356,000; £266,000).
The new owners of Bernard Matthews have promised to honour the current workers' pension agreements, the Unite union has said.
A man in a wheelchair has blown up a device in a terminal at Beijing's international airport, state media report, in what appears to have been a protest against his treatment by the authorities.
A tanker has crashed into a tree on the M4 in Cardiff, causing the westbound carriageway to be closed for several hours.
He is one of Belgium's best-known footballers but Jean-Marc Bosman's life has been anything but a dream come true.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is to hear an update on progress being made on plans for a new emergency management centre.
The Legoland theme park has said it is working with the local council to improve traffic management after hundreds of people had to wait up to an hour to leave the car park.
A care home has been told to improve after inspectors found it to be "inadequate" in a number of areas.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he's gay.
A girl has written a letter to the burglars who stole jewellery and other items from her home, telling them to "thank you for scaring me so much".
A second teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing at a shopping centre in south-east London.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has signed for Phoenix Rising FC in the United Soccer League.
Chelsea have completed the signing of Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas on a three-year deal.
A 20-year-old New Zealand man is recovering in hospital after falling from the 14th floor of his home.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's coach Michele Minichiello says the British Olympic gold medallist should not rush into a decision on her future.
Will Miller's injury-time equaliser rescued a point for Burton Albion as they came from behind to draw at Wolves in the Championship.
A heavily pregnant woman has been threatened with a gun during a raid on her Manchester home, police have said.
Borders town centre footfall has risen by 3% in the past year, according to new figures.
Bhutan is one of the world's most isolated countries, with its capital, Thimphu, the capital of the Dzongkha Himalayan kingdom.
Motherwell striker Scott Grant believes new head coach Shelley Kerr can take Scotland women's team "even further" than the current squad.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the second time this year.
A public meeting has been held to discuss plans to close a Flintshire community hospital.
Stoke City have signed Schalke midfielder Eric Choupo-Moting on a season-long loan deal.
Mark Connolly scored the only goal of the game as Crawley Town ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with victory over Blackpool.
AMs have voted to give consent to the Wales Bill, despite opposition from Plaid Cymru and UKIP.
The BBC has been speaking to some of the people who have been taking part in the "Tahrir Square" sit-in in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
A by-election has been held in Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock, South Ayrshire.
A court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of a group of scientists.
Bacteria-killing bacteria can be boosted with a single dose of a compound normally found in animal studies, a study suggests.
The police failed to properly investigate the extent of child sexual exploitation of teenagers who went missing from care in Northern Ireland, a report has found.
Zombie apocalypse is coming to South Korea, and it is coming on a high-speed train from Seoul to Busan.
Congolese singer Joseph Olomide has been arrested in the Democratic Republic of Congo after he was filmed appearing to punch a Kenyan dancer in the face, his lawyer has told the BBC.
Three inmates on remand have absconded from a minimum-security prison in Gloucestershire.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager.
US rapper Kanye West has revealed he wants to work with Ikea to design furniture for the Swedish retailer.
The British Airports Authority (BAA) has said a computer problem at Edinburgh Airport has been fixed.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged after a teenager was taken ill after taking what is believed to have been ecstasy tablets.
Burma is to set up a commission to investigate the violence that erupted in the western state of Rakhine in June, killing more than 100 people.
The chances of becoming a mobster can be boosted by a year of education, a study has found.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed full-back Sam Tomkins from NRL side Salford Red Devils on a two-year deal.
Airbus chief executive Fabrice Bregier has said the company will continue to invest in the UK even if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
Nasa's Kepler space telescope has spotted the first Earth-like planet to be detected outside our Solar System.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who died after a crash in Lancashire has been named by police.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Marcin Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.
Two new buildings which will be full of plants will be built in China to help clean up the air.
Tom Daley missed out on the chance to win Great Britain's first medal of the Rio Olympics after failing to reach the final of the men's 10m platform.
Alexis Sanchez scored his first goal of the season as Arsenal reached the FA Cup quarter-finals with victory over Burnley at Emirates Stadium.
The finance minister is to be briefed on a report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loan portfolio later this week.
A Kent council has apologised after its Twitter account was hacked.
Ismael Amara is a PhD student from Sierra Leone who's living in the UK for the moment.
The BBC is to extend the length of its 10 o'clock News programme from Monday to Thursday, the corporation has announced.
The Rugby Coaches' Association (RCA) is "keeping an eye" on the number of head coaches being sacked in the Premiership, following a string of recent high-profile departures.
Craig Shakespeare should stay on as Claudio Ranieri's assistant manager, according to former Leicester City defender Martin Keown.
The family of a woman who took her own life after being discharged from hospital have said a report into her death is a "load of psycho babble".
Sony has announced plans to revive the production of vinyl records for the first time in more than a decade.
A polar bear has been moved from her enclosure at a Scottish wildlife park in a bid to ensure the safety of her cubs.
Experts say it is safe to go outside in the sunshine several times a week in the summer, as long as you cover up or apply sunscreen.
The government has unveiled a new counter-extremism strategy aimed at tackling the "growing threat of terrorism" in the UK, including the cancellation of passports for children aged under 16.
Campaigners are calling for a specialist centre to be set up in Cardiff to treat people living with a rare muscle wasting disease.
Repairs to a flood-damaged bridge are to be carried out in the summer of 2017, it has been announced.
Ricky Burns fought back from a second-round knockdown to retain his WBO light-welterweight title on a unanimous points decision over Mexican Jesus Beltran at Glasgow's SSE Hydro.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in the South African city of Durban to protest against recent xenophobic attacks on foreigners.
A man has died after falling from the window of a first-floor flat.
MPs are to hold an inquiry into the government's plans to partially "disapply" the so-called purdah period during the EU referendum campaign.
The first person to cash in a pension of more than Â£18,000 has told the BBC he is "thrilled" to have become the first person in the UK to do so.
The ruins of a Stone Age "crannog" have been discovered in Monmouthshire, dating back thousands of years.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A55 in Monmouthshire.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in the UK are earning more than £150,000 a year, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
On the centenary of the start of one of the bloodiest battles of World War One, the Battle of the Somme is being marked.
The European Commission president has defended a plan to introduce an emergency "emergency brake" on benefits for new EU migrants as "fair to the UK and fair to the other 27 EU states".
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl at a school has been given a two-year suspended jail sentence.
Two teenagers have been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a 15-year-old boy who was attacked in a supermarket car park.
Five Republican presidential hopefuls clashed in the first televised debate in the race for the party's nomination in Colorado.
A man whose body was found in his car in Birmingham has been named by police.
Ukraine's president has said the army's retreat from the strategic city of Debaltseve has been "planned and organised", after pro-Russian rebels overran the town.
Coldplay have topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row with their latest release, Revolution Radio.
Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to take charge of League One side Bury until the end of the season.
The Turkish government has sacked three more senior military officers in the aftermath of last month's failed military coup, officials say.
Councils across England are carrying out "urgent" safety checks of high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Mike Young, creator of the SuperTed comic strip, is making a film about one of his favourite characters - Cardiff City footballer Robin Friday.
A bus carrying Egyptian Muslim pilgrims has crashed in Saudi Arabia, killing at least one person, the country's state news agency, Mena, has reported.
David Barnes, who was knocked unconscious in a street attack, has said he is ready to move on from his life-threatening injuries.
World number one Dustin Johnson pulled out of Sunday's first round of the PGA Championship at Royal Birkdale because of a back injury suffered in a fall at his Florida home.
Exeter City moved out of the League Two relegation zone with victory over Cambridge United at St James' Park.
Rolls-Royce's research and development could be "put at risk", according to a senior Unite union official.
Bangladesh Cricket Board chairman Mushtaq Ali Khan has criticised Cricket Australia for postponing the Test series against Australia because of security concerns.
The immune system of a bird may be able to fight off a deadly fungus that infects humans, according to new research.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing after being struck by lightning.
Scientists have reconstructed the nervous system of an extinct species of "great appendage" arthropod using a CT scan.
A woman has appeared in court accused of covering up the death of a baby.
Residents of Shrewton-under-Lyne are calling for the closure of a major road near Stonehenge to be re-opened after it became a "nightmare" to drive on.
Kartari and Karam Chand are the UK's longest married couple, celebrating their 86th wedding anniversary in Bradford.
Birmingham City have held talks with midfielder John Caddis about a potential move away from the club, reports BBC Sport.
Australia fast bowler Mitchell Johnson says he is relishing the chance to win the Ashes for the second time in three years after taking two wickets against England.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won the 17th stage of the Tour de France in Pinerolo to take the leader's yellow jersey from Alberto Contador.
An Orange hall in County Antrim has been vandalised in what police have described as a hate crime.
At least two people have been killed after a "monster truck" crashed into a crowd of spectators at a car show in the Netherlands, officials say.
The Labour opposition is "walking in the opposite direction" on key issues, a leading immigration campaigner has said.
The number of full-time fire stations in Suffolk could be cut from nine to five as part of plans to save £1.3m over the next three years.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to weaken security systems on iPhones and Android smartphones.
Google's chief executive, Eric Schmidt, has warned that drones could become the next weapon of war if they are not properly regulated.
Northern Ireland and England are among the best in Europe for reading and maths, according to a new study.
Jordan Spieth will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the Masters as Rory McIlroy's hopes of winning his first major ended with a disappointing third round at Augusta.
The UK is considering military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) targets in Syria, in response to a request from the Iraqi government for help in the fight against the militants.
Two care home workers have been given community orders after an elderly woman fell off her bed and broke her neck in Birmingham.
The number of babies born in England born addicted to drugs in 2015 was the lowest in the country, a BBC investigation has found.
The makers of Saturday Night Takeaway have apologised to customers who bought a card game based on the hit ITV quiz show after the answers to some of the questions were wrong.
Security has been stepped up in Berlin ahead of Germany's friendly match against France in the German capital on Saturday.
Scientists have discovered that the eyes of Arctic reindeer and other mammals are more sensitive than previously thought to flashes of light emitted by power lines.
Imax, China's biggest cinema chain, plans to list its shares in Hong Kong and New York.
Four teenagers who died in a head-on crash on the A55 in Powys had just passed their driving test, an inquest has heard.
A learner driver has been pulled over by police in east London after they spotted a car with a parking ticket on the windscreen.
Scooter Gennett became the first Cincinnati Reds player to hit four home runs in a game as the Reds beat the Baltimore Orioles 5-2 in the American League Division Series.
The Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police will not face any further action over an investigation into allegations of bribery and misconduct in public office.
Andy Murray marked his return to action with a straight-set win as defending champion Great Britain began the defence of their Davis Cup title with victory over Japan.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has praised the progress being made in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, during a visit to the city.
Former England captain Rio Ferdinand has paid tribute to his wife, who has died after a short battle with cancer.
A major search is under way for a teenage girl who has gone missing after going missing from a beach in Devon.
A man accused of murdering a motorist was suffering from "narcissistic" and "self-centred" traits, a court has heard.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley has left the League One club after Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.
Regulator Ofcom has announced details of the areas of the UK where it will award licences for the BBC's new Local TV network.
An RAF fast jet pilot had to be rescued by another aircraft after his jet was forced to make an emergency landing, the Ministry of Defence has said.
An Indian school textbook containing a chapter on the benefits of vegetarianism is "poisoning" children's education, the BBC has learnt.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a 23-year-old was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Wiltshire.
The Vale of Rheidol Steam Railway in Ceredigion is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year - and is helping to inspire a generation of young people to follow in its footsteps.
Athletes in Russia have gone to "the ends of the earth" in an attempt to cheat at national and national championships, a report says.
The BBC's Victoria Derbyshire takes a look at some of the key stories of the week in the world of politics.
A federal judge in Brazil has charged the former campaign manager of President Dilma Rousseff with corruption.
An international police agency is seeking the public's help in tracking down nine suspected wildlife criminals who have gone on the run.
Markets in mainland China and Hong Kong fell on Wednesday after a closely watched survey showed a further contraction in the country's manufacturing sector in September.
Ulster have appointed French coach Jono Gibbes as their new head coach from next season.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join the party.
Three climbers have been rescued from the summit of the highest mountain in Scotland, the Isle of Mull, after getting stuck in snowfall.
US regulators have given the go-ahead to ChemChina's planned takeover of Swiss agribusiness giant Syngenta.
Swedish police have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a knife attack on a minicab in the centre of the capital, Stockholm, on Tuesday, in which at least one person was killed.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton ended a run of three straight Championship defeats with victory over Wolves.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Newport County midfielder Chris Pidgeley on a deal until the end of the season.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to become "radical" if it is to regain the public's trust, former Leave.EU campaigner Arron Banks has said.
It has been a summer of plenty of transfer activity in the Scottish Premiership but, in the end, it has been the Pittodrie side who have been the beneficiaries of most of the action.
Marta Guadalupe is a 23-year-old mother-of-two who works hard to get by.
A man has been taken to hospital after his car crashed into the front of a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed on-loan Leicester City defender Ryan Davis on a permanent deal.
David Grabarz won Great Britain's first medal of the World Championships with a bronze in the men's long jump final.
Tom Rogic's injury-time goal gave Celtic a Scottish Cup final treble as they came from behind to beat Aberdeen and complete an unbeaten domestic season.
National League side Coleraine have signed midfielder Ryan Kettings on a one-year deal.
Five men accused of being involved in the 11 September attacks on the United States have appeared in court for the first time since the attacks of 11 September 2001.
Beyonce has been shortlisted for three Grammy Awards, making her the most-nominated artist in history.
Plans to build a new football stadium in Truro have been backed by the prime minister, who has promised to help pay for it.
Wayne Rooney is close to signing a new contract with Manchester United, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
Mansfield Town have signed Cambridge United striker Scott Brown on loan until the end of the season.
A World War Two Spitfire built for the Royal Air Force during World War II has failed to sell at auction.
Two of the world's largest manufacturers of wind turbines have announced plans to create more than 1,000 jobs in Scotland.
Three robin's eggs have hatched next to a real-life boar at a Cambridgeshire museum.
The government's immigration cap could have caused a "crisis" in the NHS this winter, a committee of MPs has warned.
The AA has reported a 1.5% rise in the number of car insurance customers it has signed up in the past year, with the cost of a policy rising by 1.1%.
Chelsea midfielder Joe Allen spends his spare time caring for abandoned birds and caring for cats, while Petr Cech is learning to play the drums, while Peter Crouch is a tattoo artist and Paul Hibbert is fishing for carp.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he is in talks with the leaders of the Coptic and Orthodox churches about changing the date of Easter.
Russian air strikes on the Syrian city of Raqqa, the de facto capital of so-called Islamic State (IS), have killed at least 24 civilians and injured dozens more, activists say.
It is one of the UK's best-known car brands and one of its biggest suppliers - but is the town of Solihull becoming a Land Rover Land?
Stevenage have signed Shrewsbury Town defender Luke Caton on loan until the end of the season.
A US appeals court has upheld a temporary travel ban on people from six mainly Muslim countries, hours after President Donald Trump lashed out at the ruling.
Plans to change the way library staff are employed in West Yorkshire have been shelved after a public consultation.
Substitute Scott Lee scored a late equaliser as Sheffield Wednesday and Burnley played out a draw at Hillsborough.
Bakery chain Greggs has reported a rise in sales for the three months to the end of September, helped by a "robust" performance in the UK market.
British eventer Henry the mechanical horse won gold at the Rio Olympics for the first time in his career as Germany's Thomas Jung took gold in the dressage.
People in parts of the UK are to be offered the chance to buy a stake in their local community's renewable energy business, under a new government plan.
A 47-year-old man has been charged in connection with the shooting of two cats in Surrey.
The Duke of York's Duchy of Cornwall has said it is trying to find a solution to the safety of a beach where a man died.
When you look at the foetuses of a humpback whale, you notice how similar they are to other mammals.
The Bank of England has held interest rates at 0.5%.
The decision by an international tribunal to uphold China's claim to most of the South China Sea is the latest in a series of moves by the Chinese government to downplay the significance of the ruling.
Asian shares headed lower after disappointing economic data from the US and disappointing corporate earnings weighed on investor sentiment.
David Warner hit an unbeaten century as Australia drew the third Test against West Indies to end the series with a 2-2 draw.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from the Bavarian town of Deggendorf after the River Danube burst its banks and the River Elbe entered the German city of Dresden.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in a "domestic-related crime" in Gwynedd.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a knife fight in east London left one person dead and two others injured.
Nigeria's cricket team have been promoted to the fifth tier of the World Cricket League for the first time in the competition's history.
The Bank of England's chief economist has said he expects interest rates to remain on hold for longer than previously expected.
Taiwanese manufacturing giant Foxconn, the world's biggest contract manufacturer of iPhones and iPads, has reported a jump in profits, helped by strong sales of its smartphones and tablet PCs.
The story of St Winefride's Well in Holywell, Shropshire, is one of the most famous in the history of Wales - but for Henry V, it was just one of many reasons why he chose to visit the town in 1416 before the Battle of Agincourt.
When Sebastian Vettel takes to the track at Interlagos this weekend, he will be aiming to become the first German to win a grand prix in Brazil.
A former university lecturer has been cleared of raping a student who later took her own life.
Up to 1,000 jobs are to go at a chemical plant in Merthyr Tydfil which is to be decommissioned.
King Arthur's mythical home of Camelot has long been one of Wales' most famous myths.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is close to scoring again, says Foxes boss Claudio Ranieri.
Euroscepticism is the "tip of the iceberg" of British politics, according to two Conservative MPs I interviewed for BBC Radio 4's Analysis, but is it the tip or the iceberg?
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of promising "tax giveaways for the wealthy" at the same time as promising to "cut and cut and cut".
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed while trying to break up a fight between adults and children.
West Indies won the Women's World Twenty20 for the first time in their history as they beat Australia by three wickets in a tense final in Delhi.
UKIP assembly member Nathan Gill has said he would give up his role as an MEP if asked by party leader Paul Nuttall to do so.
A charity which runs a school where Benefits Street was filmed has offered advice on what to do if you get the wrong kind of attention from TV producers.
The Prison Officers' Association (POA) has reached a pay deal with the government in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A man is trying to track down the mystery photographer of a photograph taken of his wife's last day at a stately home before she died.
Ivory Coast has banned the use of so-called skin whitening creams, the country's pharmaceutical authority has announced.
The two biggest opposition parties in the House of Lords have gone their separate ways after falling out over the government's Brexit strategy.
At least 1,306 members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) have been killed in UK air strikes in Iraq and Syria since the start of last year, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Passengers at Norwich International Airport have been unable to check-in and check-out information after a hacker attacked the airport's website.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have moved a step closer after the council agreed to buy land on the site of two former college campuses.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a man whose body was found buried in an outhouse.
As Ukraine grapples with the aftershocks of the cyber-attack that hit the country last month, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been speaking to some of the country's top cyber-security experts about what they know and what they don't know.
Wasps moved up to third in the Premiership table with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks at Franklin's Gardens.
Four people have been taken to hospital following a crash between a bus and a lorry in Edinburgh.
Rashid Dewani, who has been cleared of murdering his wife in South Africa, has returned to the UK after being extradited from South Africa.
The company behind plans to frack for shale gas in Lancashire has said it expects to spend up to Â£50m on the project.
The daughter of Mexico's attorney-general has been sacked after she was caught up in a row over a restaurant, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has announced.
Downing Street hopes to work with the Burmese government to find and restore two missing RAF Spitfire fighter planes that were lost in Burma during the country's military junta.
Two people have been rescued from the Brecon Beacons after getting stuck on the summit of Snowdon.
The government has temporarily suspended a controversial system of de-facto-detention for asylum seekers who have been detained pending hearings, the BBC understands.
David Cameron's promise of greater fiscal self-determination for the nations of the United Kingdom is a risky proposition.
Detectives investigating the murder of a Cardiff teenager are appealing for help in tracing a man who escaped from a railway station in India.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in a burnt-out car in Essex have been released on bail.
Fife-based interior fittings firm Havelock Europa has announced plans to expand its factory in Fife as part of a drive to diversify its business.
BrewDog, one of the UK's fastest-growing craft breweries, is celebrating the 10th anniversary of winning a competition to supply Tesco supermarkets.
Sterling has fallen back below $1.4 for the first time in two days as markets remain jittery ahead of the EU referendum on 23 June.
A former TV producer jailed for life for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner has lodged an appeal against his sentence.
The body of a British man killed fighting against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been returned to the UK in an emotional ceremony.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency's (NSA) bulk collection of phone records is unconstitutional.
Birmingham City have re-signed West Bromwich Albion midfielder Martin Lindegaard on a season-long loan deal.
A Rottweiler was kept in a cage without human contact for two years before being put down, the BBC has learned.
Labour MP Chuka Umunna has told the BBC there is "no glory in opposition" and the party will "betray its people" if it fails to get elected.
The widow of a Gwynedd man who died after being hit by a boat off the Maltese island of Gozo has described the moment he was knocked unconscious.
A court in Iraq has sentenced 32 men to death for their part in the mass killing of Shia Muslims in the city of Tikrit in 2014 that was filmed by so-called Islamic State (IS).
Surf forecasting company Magicseaweed has been bought by the Surfstitch Group for an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia is one shot off the lead after a rain-affected second round of the Dubai Desert Classic ended in a three-way tie for the lead.
Colchester United moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory at Bradford City thanks to Danny Ambrose's second-half strike.
Neolithic huts dating back to 4,500 years ago have gone on public display in Wiltshire.
Hundreds of people have joined protests in Washington DC and Berkeley, California, calling for US President Donald Trump to release his tax returns.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker will fight Luis Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title on 10 December, the Mexican's promoter says.
Mae gwobr yng Nghymru wedi dweud ei gyhoeddi i'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd sydd wedi gael ei gyd!
Ian Ritchie says England captain Dylan Hartley will be allowed to captain the national side despite serving a two-week ban for the red card he received at the Rugby World Cup.
The father of a US student who was held in a coma in North Korea for 15 months before being freed has accused the country of denying him top-level medical care.
"This is not a game, this is a mental warfare game," says Conor McGregor, the Ultimate Fighting Championship's UFC lightweight champion.
A Mexican man has appeared in court in the US charged with the murder of a US special agent who was shot dead in Arizona in 2010.
The White House has condemned threats to Jewish community centres in the US states of New Jersey, Missouri and Tennessee, the latest in a series of hoax bomb threats.
It is easy to look at the result of England's win over Wales and think they have all the ingredients for a Six Nations Grand Slam: two tries in a row, three tries in the space of a quarter of an hour, a bonus-point win over Italy.
Chinese search giant Baidu has announced plans to open up its self-driving car technology to other companies and carmakers.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect widespread disruption to services on Monday and Tuesday due to a strike on the West Coast Main Line.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a suspect in the rape of an elderly nun in March.
Texas lawmakers have passed a resolution urging people not to use the Chilean flag as a substitute for the Texas flag on social media.
The Premier League has signed a new three-year deal to broadcast matches in the United States from 2016-17.
A road in Stafford town centre is to be closed as part of a £1m project to replace water pipes.
Turkey has accused Russia of violating its airspace for the second time in a week.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Rob Howkins says he has never looked beyond finishing in the Premiership's top six this season.
Peterborough United have extended the loan of Middlesbrough defender Luke Chambers until the end of the season.
Belgian cyclist Elinor van den Driessche has been banned for six months after being found to have cheated in a cycling competition.
Conor McGregor is a man on a mission.
Sam Warburton will replace fly-half George Ford in the England team to face Australia in Saturday's three-Test series decider in Sydney.
A Stranraer schoolgirl has backed a campaign to have a life-extending drug for children with a rare genetic condition made available on the NHS.
Lichfield Ladies have said they are disappointed to have been left out of the Rugby Football Union's new Women's Super Rugby competition.
The Football Association's decision to leave out some of England's best players from the Euro 2016 squad will not be questioned despite their failure to reach the quarter-finals, says FA performance director Matt Ashworth.
President-elect Donald Trump has promised a "stable" and "fairer" trade relationship with the European Union and the rest of the world.
A police worker has described the moment he helped deliver a woman's baby after she went into labour in the back of a car.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is confident Manu Tuilagi will sign a new contract with the Premiership club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped and sexually assaulted by a string of men has been jailed for five years.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for a string of child sex abuse offences against girls in Peterborough.
Firefighters are continuing to investigate the scene of a crash on the A77 in Dumfries and Galloway.
At least 60 properties have been flooded in Cambridgeshire after torrential rain.
A Mexican government investigation into the disappearance of 43 students in Guerrero state in 2014 has found no evidence that the bodies of the victims were burned, a new report says.
The UK is to send a team of military personnel to Somalia, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A three-year-old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle she was playing on blew away is to have surgery.
Abby Wambach will retire from international women's football at the end of the United States Women's World Cup tour of China in December.
Fewer than a third of mothers in the UK are breastfeeding their babies, according to a new study.
Glasgow Warriors have completed the signing of South African scrum-half Jake Kebble.
Widnes Vikings head coach Danny Betts says his side have not lost momentum despite slipping down the Super League table after a strong start to the season.
Palace officials have said allegations of child sex abuse made against Prince Andrew are "categorically untrue", as further details of the alleged abuse emerged.
Krystian Pearce rescued a point for Mansfield Town with a late equaliser in a 1-1 draw with York City.
Two more people have been arrested after a man was stabbed in a street attack in Brighton.
A man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years after being found guilty of attempting to coerce a woman into having sex with another man.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
The first temporary classrooms have arrived at a West Sussex school which was badly damaged in a fire earlier this year.
Wales wing George North will not play for Scarlets again, according to Pro Rugby Wales chief executive Jonathan Davies.
Two-time Wimbledon finalist Petra Kvitova beat third seed Simona Halep in straight sets to reach the final of the Nottingham Open.
A man has described how he was beaten with iron bars by a gang of masked men who broke into his County Londonderry home while his children were asleep upstairs.
A Denbighshire leisure centre is to get a facelift as part of a major revamp.
More than 200 cases of suspected child sexual exploitation (CSE) are under investigation in West Yorkshire, according to new figures.
The driver of a pick-up truck has been arrested on suspicion of killing at least 11 people who were found locked inside the vehicle in temperatures of up to 40C (104F).
In our series of letters from women in the fashion and beauty and beauty industry, writer and former model Gemma Collins looks back at her battle to overcome body dysmorphia and anorexia.
A new exhibition has opened in Nottingham to coincide with the city's Notting Hill Carnival.
Shadow culture secretary Maria Eagle has accused Culture Secretary John Whittingdale of "interference" in the BBC's scheduling, amid reports the corporation could be forced to move popular shows such as Strictly Come Dancing.
An investigation is under way after a woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) was turned away from a taxi when she tried to get to a concert.
The European Space Agency (Esa) says it has made contact with Earth for the first time since its comet lander went into hibernation.
A Glasgow police officer has been filmed singing the Bee Gees on the karaoke stage in a pub.
South African seamer Dane Viljoen took five wickets on his County Championship debut as Warwickshire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup match at Chester-le-Street.
Sinn Féin has said it will be "very, very hostile" to any attempt to suspend Northern Ireland's political institutions.
Northamptonshire seamer Matt Buck took a career-best 5-36 as Durham were made to to follow on at Chester-le-Street.
Police have renewed an appeal for information about a woman who has been missing from her Greenock home for almost a month.
An advert for a conference call service has been pulled after a disability charity called it "disturbing".
Gary Madine scored his first goal of the season as Bolton reached the third round of the EFL Cup with victory over Sheffield United at the Macron Stadium.
Muslims in France are taking part in a "brotherly cup of tea" event to mark the first anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The UK and Norway have agreed a deal to increase the amount of fish available to Scottish and UK fishermen next year.
A pilot and his wife have walked to a pub for a drink after surviving a plane crash in the East Midlands.
For more than a century and a half, the Swansea canal has been a lifeline to many parts of south west Wales.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to return to full training on Tuesday ahead of Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday.
Landlords in England are to be given new powers to evict illegal immigrants, the government has announced.
Dutch Justice Minister Ronald Opstelten and Justice Minister Michael Teeven have resigned in the wake of a row over a payment to a Dutch drug trafficker.
Jordan Swankie scored a stoppage-time goal as Forfar Athletic beat Cowdenbeath 3-2 to extend their lead at the top of League Two.
Plans to build more than 100 new homes in the Highland village of Carrbridge have been refused planning permission.
A norovirus outbreak has been reported at a Cardiff hospital, prompting a health board to urge people to stay away from it.
In many ways, China is returning to the Mao-era era.
When crocodile eggs are laid by the animals of the Northern Territory in the Australian state of Queensland, it is easy to see why it is popular to gather them.
The County of Gloucestershire's fleet of salt gritters have been taken out of service for the first time this summer.
Ricky is on a mission to find out what's going on in the world of robots.
A former friend of the couple who murdered Liam Fee has said she was "shocked" when she found out they had been convicted of the boy's murder.
Plans to build a new power-generating plant at a paper mill in King's Lynn have been submitted to the government.
Thousands of migrants and refugees in the French port city of Calais have begun to move out of the main migrant camp known as the "Jungle", French media report.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has called for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, saying he hopes Israel will begin to pull back from the conflict within days.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after three people were stabbed in a town centre.
Plans to reduce the number of Welsh councils from 40 to 28 have been published by the communities minister.
US cable company Charter Communications has announced plans to buy Time Warner Cable (TWC) for $78.7bn (Â£53.5bn) in cash and stock.
The Scottish government's inquiry into child abuse has been criticised by a former pupil who was sexually abused as a boy at a boarding school.
Poland has said it will allow a Russian biker group accused of being involved in the conflict in eastern Ukraine into the country.
South Africa captain Hashim Amla has stepped down after the second Test against England, ending a two-and-a-half-year reign.
Australia's economy grew by an annualised rate of 0.9% in the first three months of the year.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's favourite birds.
Force India have confirmed the signing of Mexican Sergio Perez for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
A mother in west London has won an appeal against a council order to return her son to school after he turned down the chance to be educated at home.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson leads the Swedish Open by one stroke after carding a second-round 69 to take a two-stroke advantage after two rounds.
Women who have had female genital mutilation (FGM) in Wales are being urged to get help from a new clinic in Cardiff.
Scientists in the US have discovered a new class of plastic materials that can be "recycled" and used in a wide range of products.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at supporting start-ups, according to James Woodford, co-founder of start-up accelerator Start-Ups.
A new gin distillery has opened its doors in the Scottish Borders.
The fire at a former cigarette factory in Nottingham, which destroyed more than 80% of the building, has left the area's historic industrial heritage in tatters.
For the past century or so, women have enjoyed an advantage over men when it comes to life expectancy.
A Michigan man has gone on trial accused of forcing a fellow student to eat peanut butter and jelly as part of a fraternity initiation.
Norway's prime minister has turned down a proposal to give Finland's highest mountain to celebrate the country's independence from Russia.
The Scottish economy will continue to grow this year but at a slower rate, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said his wife persuaded him to take the job after he turned down the chance to meet President-elect Donald Trump.
A football club is trying to trace a bride-to-be who posed for a selfie with the players on their way to a match after being stranded on a motorway following the collapse of a bridge.
A third person has been arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences after returning to the UK from France.
A fundraising appeal has been launched to raise money for the cost of creating sculptures to mark the centenary of the Dorset and Devonshire Regiments' centenary.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the opposition leader in Myanmar (also known as Burma), gave an impassioned speech at the United Nations General Assembly in Nay Pyi Taw this week, railing against what she sees as the slow pace of political reform.
A man has admitted attempting to steal a handbag from a shop worker after he was caught on CCTV because of his distinctive hair.
The British National Police Officers' Association (NBPA) has said it is "very concerned" about the way the police in England and Wales are dealing with complaints about race.
A hoard of silver and gold coins found buried in a field in County Down have been declared treasure at an inquest.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being pulled from the sea in Northumberland.
A British man has been charged in connection with the death of a woman who was killed in a scooter crash in Thailand.
A 24-year-old woman has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack.
The mood in Number 11 is a little different this time of year.
Manchester United have named Manchester United defender Luke Shaw in a strong squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said goodbye to the Scottish Parliament as he delivered his final speech as an MSP.
Three hospitals in the US have had to shut down computer systems after being hit by a ransomware attack that encrypted files and demanded a $1,000 (Â£1,050) ransom.
We want you to join the BodyPositive team and help us bring you the very best in the world of health & fitness, wellbeing & lifestyle and style & beauty.
David Cameron has said Sepp Blatter should step down as head of football's world governing body, Fifa, after "the ugly side of the beautiful game".
The owner of a restaurant in the Spanish city of Gran Canaria has said he is trying to track down a group of diners who left the restaurant in a "stampede".
The number of livestock worrying incidents reported to police in the Highlands and Islands has risen following a campaign encouraging farmers to report them.
Force India have signed French teenager Esteban Ocon for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
Residents at an Edinburgh care home are being treated like "objects" by staff, according to a report.
When you take your dog for a walk, you might want to think about what you might say to them.
Three men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death as part of a turf war between rival gangs.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Ikechi Akpan has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct by the Football Association.
Bristol Rovers have signed midfielder Ben Jefford on loan from National League rivals Welling United until the end of the season.
Bristol City ended Cardiff City's unbeaten start to the Championship season with a convincing victory at Ashton Gate.
Adam Voges hit a career-best century and Dawid Malan hit an unbeaten century as Middlesex dominated day two against Hampshire at Lord's.
The mother of a baby with a cow's milk protein allergy has said she is "disgusted" by plans to stop giving GPs in south-east London the prescription for infant formula.
The sight of your smartphone screen smeared with fingerprints and crumbs is a familiar one - but how do you wipe it off?
More than 5,000 people have signed up to be a stem cell donor for a Cardiff student.
Doctors in Australia have carried out life-saving surgery on a baby girl who was born with an extra leg.
A man has been charged in connection with the death of another man in Dundee.
A man has died after a fire broke out at a retirement home in Fife.
Crawley Town have re-signed midfielder Mark Cooper on a one-year deal after he was released by National League rivals Gateshead.
In the days leading up to the Grand National, the streets of Aintree are lined with people dressed in their finest finery.
The death of a woman who died after being refused admission to Nottingham's King's Mill Hospital could happen again unless action is taken, a coroner has warned.
Niall Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
Former England all-rounder Michael Vaughan has been named as the BBC's Cricketer of the Year for 2015.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro says reports linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers are "wasting their time".
Michael van Gerwen won his first PDC World Championship title with a 7-5 victory over Martin Wright in the final of the Players Championship final at Alexandra Palace.
Northern Ireland's politicians are split along party lines over whether a vote to leave the European Union would be good for Northern Ireland or bad for the island.
Scotland defender Chris Greer says he is "open to anything" after being released from his contract with the national team.
Defence is a word you would expect politicians to be talking about as much as the economy.
Lord Avebury, the former Liberal MP and human rights campaigner, has died at the age of 83.
The number of council houses sold in Scotland has risen for the first time since before the recession, according to new figures.
Lord Heseltine has accused Boris Johnson of behaving "irresponsibly and recklessly" in the EU referendum campaign and said he would be surprised if he leads the Conservative Party one day.
Police investigating a serious sexual assault have released images of two women they want to speak to in connection with the case.
Hundreds of people have joined a protest against planned cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Goodison Park.
More than £16m was paid out in compensation last year to teachers who were injured in the workplace, the National Union of Teachers has revealed.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is one of the most high-profile trade deals negotiated between the US and the European Union.
Bristol head coach Andy Robinson says he is "disappointed" by the timing of Steve Borthwick's departure from the club to become England's new forwards coach.
Germany's economy shrank in November as exports and industrial production fell, adding to the gloom surrounding the European Union's second largest economy.
A Red Cross volunteer who was on duty at the scene of the Shoreham air crash has been awarded an MBE in the New Year's Honours list.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) is "too timid" in its efforts to tackle corporate mismanagement, according to the former chairman of the Cadbury code, Lord Myners.
A statue of a gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled in Shropshire by TV illusionist Uri Geller.
Vladimir Putin and Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's far-right National Front party, shook hands at a news conference in the Kremlin last week.
The Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 apprenticeships in Wales over the next five years if they win power in the assembly election.
Vodafone has said it is "unclear" whether its London headquarters will remain in the UK after the UK leaves the European Union.
A man who boasted on social media about raping a baby and abusing other children has been jailed.
A police officer has been disciplined for incorrectly recording the date of birth of a man in a search of his home in west Belfast.
Defending champions Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won the French Open doubles title for the first time with victory at Roland Garros.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland said his players were not good enough to beat South Africa in their World Cup quarter-final defeat in Johannesburg.
Gatwick Airport has made a series of "guarantees" to the Airports Commission to ensure it will be able to afford the cost of building a new runway, it has said.
Carlisle United have signed Dutch winger Jose Pedro on a one-year deal after he impressed during a trial with the League Two club.
Boris Johnson is one of Britain's best-known and most colourful politicians.
Crewe Alexandra have re-signed Bury striker Chris Lowe on loan until the end of the season.
A British woman who was jailed in Malaysia for stripping off on a mountain in Borneo has left the country, officials say.
Ethiopia has come a long way in the last seven years.
At the funeral home in the Turkish town of Suruc, in the south-eastern Turkish province of Hakkari, relatives of the victims of the attack on the town of Kobane are mourning the loss of one of their sons.
Bomber Command Centenary Centre has been targeted for a second time in less than a year.
Northampton Town have reached an agreement with Northampton Town Borough Council over a £10.25m loan.
Shares of two Hong Kong-listed financial services companies have seen sharp falls in value after their shares were suspended from trade.
Two Labour MPs have resigned from Jeremy Corbyn's front bench as he continues to reshuffle his front bench.
As the Premier League season draws to a close this weekend, there will be a sense of relief among some fans that the cost of attending matches has gone down.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined for posting photos of himself and his wife, Reeva, posing for selfies with endangered Asiatic lions.
A man charged with the attempted murder of two boys in Hampshire has been found dead in his prison cell.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US TV has risen, according to a new study.
Education Secretary Michael Gove has been accused by the Lib Dems and Conservatives of "ruthless" decisions over funding for free schools in England.
Tower Hamlets will go to the polls on 7 May to elect a new mayor.
When the Copper Box at the Olympic Park opened its doors to the public for the first time in the summer of 2012, it was described as "the biggest sports stadium in the world".
Castleford Tigers back-rower Joe Chase says he is in the best shape of his career, having returned to the club for a second time.
Britain's Adam Rooney says it would be "amazing" to receive his Olympic bronze medal at next month's Anniversary Games in Beijing.
Scientists believe they have discovered a gene that could explain why some people are more addicted to coffee than others.
Thailand's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn has received an official invitation to take the throne, months after his father's death.
Ian Wilson has said he will not put his name forward to become the next leader of the Democratic Unionist Party.
The One Show's Zoe Jones has said Cardiff will be "buzzing" when she returns to the city for the first time since having a baby.
The Church of Ireland's most senior bishop has said he supports same-sex marriage.
A man's body has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty in the US to illegally shipping a high-temperature coating for a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.
The rumours are flying that there could be a fourth Ghostbusters film in the works.
Passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being advised to check their journeys during the August Bank Holiday weekend.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Barcelona to mark Catalonia's independence day.
Prince Harry has shared photos of his visit to a children's home in South Africa on social media.
Singapore has banned the use of smartphone-based taxi booking apps such as Uber and GrabTaxi in the city-state.
Steven Finn and Chris Woakes have been called into the England squad for the first Test against South Africa, which starts in Durban on Thursday.
When a police dog was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt, it was the worst moment of his life.
A man and a woman have died after a fire broke out at a house in Aberdeenshire.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at a protest camp outside a police station in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Lesotho's prime minister has said he will not return to the country after the army staged a coup against his government.
A Plaid Cymru assembly member has said he has been the victim of a second break-in at his Cardiff home within a year.
Campaigners are taking to the streets of the Lake District to protest against plans to lay electricity pylons across part of the National Park.
Photographs by Raul Roman, Lonnie Schlein and Joey Rosa
A curfew in the US city of Baltimore has been lifted after the mayor of the city said it was "not necessary" to extend it.
Ross County have signed Aberdeen midfielder Ryan Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Birmingham City midfielder Nicklas Bendtner was taken to hospital after suffering a suspected broken leg in Nottingham Forest's 3-1 Championship win.
Alviro Petersen made a career-best century as Lancashire dominated day one of their County Championship match against Warwickshire at Lord's.
(Close): Wall Street markets were little changed on Tuesday as investors assessed the latest batch of emails released by the Trump campaign following the release of the so-called "Podesta" emails.
David Cameron has said he is "deeply committed" to staying in the European Union.
Lord Coe is the new president of athletics' world governing body, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).
National League side York City have signed Forest Green Rovers midfielder Joe Kamadjo on a season-long loan deal.
Sunderland have terminated the contract of midfielder Emmanuel Eboue, who has been banned from all football-related activity for six months by Fifa.
A neighbour has told a trial of two men accused of throwing acid in the face of a News of the World journalist that he tried to wash the corrosive liquid off his face.
Vauxhall has said it is investigating whether a problem with one of its Zafira models is causing some cars to burst into flames.
As the race for the Republican and Democratic presidential nominations enters its final few weeks, both sides are complaining about the "rigging" of the process.
A new lightsaber combat sport has opened in Gloucestershire, where pupils are learning how to wield a lightsaber in the style of Star Wars.
A man has died in a two-vehicle crash in Dorset.
The US government has given conditional approval to Royal Dutch Shell's plan to drill for oil and gas in the Chukchi Sea off the coast of Alaska.
A man has admitted murdering a teacher whose body was found in a hotel room on New Year's Day.
Oscar Pistorius, South African Paralympic champion and double-amputee track athlete, has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his girlfriend.
Turkey is cracking down on people trying to use the Tor network, according to a monitoring group.
Middlesbrough have terminated the contract of forward Gaston Ramirez after just one season at the Championship club.
Rugby union has come a long way since the 2002 World Cup, when New Zealand became the first nation to host a major international tournament.
Islamic State (IS) militants are reported to be advancing on the ancient Syrian town of al-Sukhanah, near the ruins of the ancient city of Palmyra.
A Co-op supermarket sign has been painted over after it was spotted spelling the word "left" as "right".
Former Bath and Leicester Tigers scrum-half Chris Guscott will return to The Rec for the first time since leaving in the summer of 2015 to help decide who is in the Premiership title race.
More than 1,000 employees in Nottingham have decided not to pay a new charge for parking at work.
Former Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren says Rafael Benitez will be given greater control of the club now he is in charge at St James' Park.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts is determined to win the Scottish Cup for the first time in his career after turning down the chance to play in the Under-20 World Cup.
Plans are being drawn up to transform one of Aberystwyth's most iconic buildings into a postgraduate centre.
Voters will be required to show ID such as a passport and a driving licence before casting their ballots, the government has announced.
Nottinghamshire's Ryan Mullaney hit an unbeaten century on the opening day of the One-Day Cup match against Surrey at The Oval.
The family of a man who took his own life at Dignitas clinic in Switzerland have said he wanted to end his life "with dignity and control".
Hundreds of people have taken part in a series of horse safety awareness rides across Wales in a bid to get the Welsh Assembly to pass a petition calling for a horse safety campaign.
A book about life in the Welsh Guards in Afghanistan has won this year's National Book of the Year award.
The National Deaf Children's Society has said it is "deeply concerned" about plans to cut funding for disabled students in England.
A bookseller has been forced to cover up promotional material at a Women's Institute (WI) event after being asked to remove stickers emblazoned with "censored" place names.
Ireland scrum-half Conor Murray will not be targeted by Glasgow Warriors in Saturday's Six Nations match, according to his team-mate CJ Stander.
Obese women who are diagnosed with breast cancer are to be offered advice on how to lose weight as part of a new trial, the American Society of Oncologists (ASCO) has announced.
Leon Goretzka scored twice as Germany reached the Confederations Cup final with a comfortable win over Mexico in St Petersburg.
Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed his challenge to run 27 marathons in 27 consecutive days in 27 different countries at once.
Norwich City head coach Alex Neil says his side deserved to win at Ipswich Town, despite hitting the woodwork in the first half.
Crotone secured their Serie A status for next season by beating 10-man Lazio, who finished with 10 men after Bastos was sent off.
Actor Richard Grant is to star in Guy Ritchie's film adaptation of The Man From U.N.C.L.E, according to reports.
Nigeria's economy shrank by 1.8% in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Tuesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes closing at record highs for the second day in a row.
Nicholas Winton, who has died at the age of 106, was the man who saved hundreds of Jewish children from persecution by the Nazis during World War Two.
The number of prisoners who have escaped from prisons in England and Wales has risen by more than 20% in a year, according to new figures.
The Royal Mint is to issue a £5 coin to celebrate the first birthday of Prince George.
The Great Exhibition is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead next year, it has been announced.
The mother of a man who was stabbed to death in Dublin has appeared in court charged with his murder.
Juventus took a huge step towards winning the Serie A title for the first time in the club's history with a comfortable win over Crotone at the Allianz Stadium.
Newcastle United clinched the Championship title with victory over 10-man Barnsley at St James' Park on the final day of the season.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a kebab shop.
When I was 14 years old I used to give a speech calling for Yorkshire to become an independent state.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 new homes at two developments in Edinburgh.
Britain's Bethany Page won Olympic silver in the women's trampoline final at Rio 2016 - the first British woman to win a medal in the event.
Jamie Vardy scored his first Premier League hat-trick of the season as Leicester City moved six points clear at the top of the table with victory over Liverpool.
Historic England is calling on the public to help preserve symbols used to ward off evil spirits in medieval England.
The tower of Didcot Power Station's chimney has partially collapsed, prompting people to take to social media to report seeing it fall.
The Isle of Wight's ferry operator, Hovertravel, has provisionally agreed to offer a new service between the island and Portsmouth.
Guernsey's harbour master has said the number of cruise liner visits to the Channel Islands last year was the worst since 1987.
The man in charge of Titanic Belfast's visitors' centre has said Northern Ireland is not "mature enough as an industry to do that just yet".
A man who absconded from a mental health unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to step down next month amid a misconduct investigation.
Barnet boosted their League Two promotion hopes with victory at Hartlepool United, who are now two points adrift at the foot of the table.
Sunderland defender Marco Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a cruciate knee ligament injury.
Kortney Harnik has been ruled out of Germany's friendly against Slovakia on Saturday after suffering a hamstring injury in training.
Nottingham Forest head coach Philippe Montanier says the League Cup is "the only way" the Reds will qualify for next season's Europa League.
A passenger plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a "technical fault" with the aircraft.
The number of people visiting a sculpture made from thousands of ceramic poppies has increased by 170% in a year, according to new figures.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has become the first German footballer to come out as gay.
A police investigation has found no evidence of criminality by any of the men featured in a BBC investigation into the activities of a paramilitary unit in Northern Ireland in the 1970s.
A dispersal order has been issued in an Anglesey town following a series of anti-social behaviour incidents.
A boxer has been jailed for three-and-a-half years after breaking into his ex-girlfriend's flat and punching and kicking her.
North Korea has sent US-American Christian missionary Kenneth Bae back to the labour camp where he is serving hard labour, according to US media reports.
Three seaside piers in Lancashire are being put up for sale for a total of £12.6m.
South Africa coach Russell Domingo will step down after this summer's tour of England.
The security of the UK's major internet service providers (ISPs) has been improved since the TalkTalk hack, according to an audit carried out for the BBC.
The UK's competition regulator is taking action against a number of online gambling companies over "tempting" and "unfair" promotions.
The death of musician Lil' Chris, who was found dead at his home in Suffolk, was "unexplained", an inquest has heard.
Northern Ireland's performance in the 1-0 defeat by Poland in Nice was not good enough.
Electrical stimulation of a specific part of the brain could improve maths skills, according to researchers.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car in West Yorkshire have paid tribute to their "inspirational father".
The US government's electronic spying programme, Prism, has been revealed in a series of documents leaked by the US intelligence contractor Edward Snowden.
Rory McIlroy has withdrawn from this week's Dubai Desert Classic because of a stomach bug.
Warwickshire captain Ian Bell is to step down at the end of the season after 18 months in charge of the county.
Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has said he will sue a policewoman who has accused him of ordering her to lie about the presence of national police on the Nice seafront during the Bastille Day attack.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton said it was a "very, very odd weekend" as he failed to win a race for the first time in the Formula 1 season in the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Uganda's opposition leader Kizza Besigye has long been a thorn in the side of President Yoweri Museveni.
A Cardiff man has said he is worried for his pet cats and dog after discovering a colony of giant tube web spiders living in his garden.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.1bn for the year to the end of March, an increase of 5% on the same period last year.
A murder investigation is under way after a man's body was found in north Belfast.
A Nobel Prize-winning scientist has apologised for saying he has "trouble with girls" in the lab.
Fewer than half of people in England who asked for help to care for themselves are getting it, according to new figures.
A former Bolivian air traffic controller has said she tried to stop the flight of a Brazilian football team's plane that crashed last month, killing most of its players.
A court in China has begun hearing evidence in the trial of cult members accused of beating a woman to death in a McDonald's restaurant.
Katy Perry and Taylor Swift have gone head-to-head on Twitter.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
Colin Turner has left his role as director of football at League One side Chesterfield by mutual consent.
The Welsh government has refused to publish an internal audit into how it spent more than £500,000 of taxpayers' money last year.
The Scottish government has announced plans to help fund the development of a new film and TV studio in Aberdeen.
Prue Leith is to step down from Great British Menu after 11 series, the BBC has announced.
Abdallah El Said scored the only goal of the game as Egypt beat Uganda 1-0 to keep alive their hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Oxford could become the first city in the UK to issue dog control orders.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Zimbabwean film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how Zimbabweans are coping with life under President Robert Mugabe.
The University of Staffordshire has announced plans to move its student information centre from Wolverhampton Town Hall to Stafford Town Hall.
Rescue workers in Greenland are searching for survivors of a tsunami that hit the country's west coast.
A man in his 20s has died after a two-vehicle crash on the A1 in Newtownards, County Down, in the Republic of Ireland.
Prime Minister Theresa May will meet US President-elect Donald Trump in Washington next week, the White House has confirmed.
The FBI was asked by the US State Department to delete a classified email from Hillary Clinton's private server, newly released documents show.
London is the most expensive city in the world to live in, according to a new report.
Gillingham manager Keith Pennock is hoping to sign two or three new players before the transfer window closes on Tuesday.
Digital games retailer Steam has struck a deal with Hollywood film studio Lionsgate to sell movies and TV shows on its platform.
Mexican police have arrested three more suspects in connection with the escape of Mexican drug lord Joaquin "Shorty" Guzman last month.
The completion of a new school in the Highlands will not be ready to open to pupils and staff until the end of the academic year, Highland Council has said.
The government has announced changes to the way VAT is paid by businesses which have a very low cost base.
The head of Ofsted has challenged the government's plan to make GCSE subjects compulsory, saying they are not suitable for everyone.
The Royal Navy's new aircraft carrier is due to arrive in Portsmouth in 2020, as part of a major revamp of the Portsmouth naval base.
Police are continuing to search for a man who has been missing from his home in Edinburgh for two weeks after travelling to Manchester from Scotland.
Fisheries and anglers are being asked to report sightings of a rare species of shark off the coast of Wales.
Lava from Hawaii's Kilauea volcano has been spewing out huge columns of lava across the island of Hawaii.
Lawyers for RTÉ and the Irish Times have won the latest stage in a long-running legal battle over an injunction against the Republic of Ireland's richest man.
Sergio Henao has been suspended by Team Sky for a second time over an alleged "ongoing investigation" into his personal data.
The US has confirmed the release of an American journalist who has been held hostage in Syria for more than three years.
A review into the murder of Belfast solicitor Pat Finucane has found evidence of a "systematic catalogue of failing" by the police, the Army and the intelligence services.
Scottish Football Association chief executive Martin Wishart has called for a "proper and adult conversation" on how to tackle gambling in Scottish football.
The trial has begun in Chicago of a white police officer accused of murdering a black teenager who was shot 16 times in 2014.
The publisher of the Independent newspaper is to close the print edition of the title next month, it has been announced.
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh has turned down the chance to sign Gillingham midfielder Luke Byrne, reports BBC Wales Sport.
The plastic fiver has gone on sale in Northern Ireland for the first time.
An Australian man who survived six days in the middle of the Australian Outback has described how he survived by eating ants.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side showed a "lack of desire" in their 2-0 Premier League defeat at Liverpool, who went 12 points clear at the top of the table.
Syrian government forces have regained control of a district of the central Homs district of Khalidiya, state media report, days after it fell to rebels.
An Arsenal midfielder, Granit Xhaka, has been racially abused at Heathrow Airport, the BBC understands.
Abkhazia's de facto president has gone on leave after days of protests in the southern Georgian region of Sukhumi.
A woman in India has thanked the country's Railways ministry for helping save the day after she used Twitter to help a baby girl in need of milk.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a music video for their new single, which features celebrities pretending to be psychiatric patients.
Arsenal, Chelsea and Leicester City have all denied allegations made by the Sunday Times that they used the services of a doctor accused of prescribing performance-enhancing drugs.
A campaign to have a directly-elected mayor for Cardiff has claimed it will struggle to reach its target of signatures for a referendum on the idea.
The closure of a Royal Navy base in Hampshire will cost the local economy about 1,000 jobs, a council has said.
Nigeria's military says the majority of the girls abducted from a school in the north-eastern town of Chibok last week have escaped from their captors.
The owners of a suspected illegal cigarette factory in Birmingham have been arrested in a major raid.
The way Surrey Police investigates crime is "still not good enough", the police watchdog has said.
The BBC's iPlayer app is to close on 26 June, the corporation has announced.
The Victorian reception house used by families to bury their dead relatives has been given Grade II-listed status.
An exhibition of cartoons depicting Donald Trump as Adolf Hitler has opened in Iran, drawing comparisons between the US president and the Nazi SS.
Bernie Sanders has been the top trending hashtag on Twitter and other social media sites in the past 24 hours.
Port Vale secured their first point of the League One season with a 1-0 win over West Brom at Port Vale.
Cambridge United have signed midfielder Chris Keane on a one-year deal after he was released by Cambridge United.
A woman has been left "very upset" after her home was burgled in Aberdeenshire.
Tributes are pouring in from across Scotland for the six people who have died after a lorry crashed into a crowd of shoppers in Glasgow city centre.
New Zealand won the Rugby Championship for the second time in three years as England finished second in Pool B by beating South Africa 24-22 in the final in Tbilisi.
Traffic on the M1 in Northamptonshire has been backed up for several hours after a lorry overturned on to the carriageway.
Zacchi Abramovic has opened her latest exhibition at the Serpentine Gallery in London's Kensington Gardens, where she has invited the public to meditate in silence.
The Irish foreign minister has said there is a willingness on all sides of Northern Ireland's political crisis to sit down and engage constructively.
A Scottish engineering company is to benefit from a £10m investment after securing a deal to supply water services in the Highlands.
An 82-year-old woman who was found dead in her Fife home had been subjected to a "brutal" attack, police have said.
The authorities in Chile have declared a state of emergency after a series of forest fires in the south-west of the country.
The US has condemned Israel's plan to build a new settlement in the occupied West Bank, calling it "deeply troubling".
A couple arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences should be allowed to return home to their children, a High Court judge has ruled.
A statue has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the first Black Country chain-making strike.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has released a report on Kenya's efforts to reintegrate more than 600 young people who have returned to the country from Somalia and other parts of Africa.
A woman in her 20s is in a critical condition in hospital after a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry, County Tyrone.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike for the second day in a dispute over pay.
Two 12-year-old boys from South Tyneside have been arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of children, police have said.
A teenager has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in an Essex street.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to the death penalty for killing a fellow soldier and wounding five others in an attack blamed on bullying, the military has said.
Toyota is to invest £100m in a new plant in the UK, creating 1,000 new jobs, the company has announced.
More public money is needed to tackle the "public health issue" of football in Wales, according to the head of the sport's governing body.
The leader of South Africa's main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) party has announced she will step down next year.
Chris Eubank Jr has offered to hand back Chris Blackwell's British middleweight title as a "goodwill gesture" after the British champion's father offered to meet the boxer.
A grieving family in Alaska have been reunited with the son they thought had been killed in a police car crash, only to discover he was alive.
Southend United have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Jake Cooper on loan until the end of the season after he turned down a new contract at Loftus Road.
The Supreme Court has been told it is "fatal" to the Scottish government's case for Holyrood having a say in the triggering of the UK's exit from the European Union.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
Gardaí (Irish police) have held a meeting with the family of former IRA member David Donaldson after claims that the murder of the republican was sanctioned by Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams.
A plaque has been unveiled to honour a British World War Two veteran who worked as a medical officer at a Nazi death camp.
A pipe bomb has been found on a street in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nico Rosberg headed a Red Bull one-two in final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Lewis Hamilton struggled.
A nursery in Ceredigion has said it has been burgled for the second time in two months.
British Home Stores owner Kingfisher has agreed to sell its B&Q business to China's Wumei Holdings.
Canada and the European Union have failed to reach an agreement on a landmark trade deal after talks ended in stalemate.
A conference to mark the 50 years since the Merthyr Tydfil slurry disaster has been held in Cardiff.
The 11st 10lb odds-on favourite The Last Samuri will attempt to win the Grand National for a second successive year when the race takes place on Saturday.
Former Premier League footballer Jamie McKenzie will make his professional debut in York next month.
The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) has issued a warning about the dangers of plastic bags after a rare bird was photographed in one.
A man has been found dead in a street in Merseyside.
Nottinghamshire has voted overwhelmingly to leave the European Union, with more than half of the county voting to leave.
Edin Dzeko scored his first Serie A hat-trick of the season as Roma returned to winning ways with a comfortable victory over Bologna at Stadio Olimpico.
The culture secretary has been cleared of any wrongdoing over a grant given to the organisers of the T in the Park festival, according to Audit Scotland.
Anthony Joshua has the "bruish strength" of a George Foreman or Frank Bruno, says former world heavyweight champion Chris Harrison.
Jayalalitha Jayaram, the popular and charismatic chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, has died suddenly at the age of 82.
The remains of a man whose skeleton was found on a motorway have been identified as a Sikh Sikh man, police have said.
More than 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a military base in the north-east of the country, the Afghan army says.
Great Britain's progress to the semi-finals of the Davis Cup is a huge achievement, but you can't win it as a one-man team.
The first thing you notice when you open the door to the Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is how small it is.
New Falkirk manager Peter Houston has set his sights on leading the Bairns to the Championship play-offs next season.
A man has died after being found lying face-down in the middle of the River Penlee in Truro.
Kilcoo produced a strong second-half performance to beat 10-man Scotstown 1-13 to 0-13 and set up a Ulster SFC semi-final against Kilcar or Glenswilly thanks to a goal from Conor Johnston.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins says she would love to qualify for Team GB's squad for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny has announced that he will stand down at next week's Fine Gael party leadership election.
An inquest into the death of toddler Poppi Worthington has been adjourned until next year.
United Launch Alliance, the US company that flies the Atlas and Delta rockets, has announced plans to develop a new rocket that will be substantially cheaper to launch.
The death of rapper A$AP Mob's founding member was caused by a drug overdose, according to a report.
Sheffield Wednesday manager Karl Saunders is investigating claims that striker El Hadji Diouf was seen in a nightclub hours before a Premier League match last month.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says his players are not fazed by the pressure of being underdogs when they take on Maribor in Europa League qualifying.
Defending champions Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together for Europe in the fourballs in the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine on Saturday.
Northern Ireland property agents have said there is a shortage of office space in Belfast, despite a rise in the price of office rents.
When the Chernobyl nuclear disaster happened in 1986, the whole of northern Europe was plunged into darkness.
A laser beam has been pointed at a police helicopter flying over Northamptonshire.
An artificial intelligence system that can read lips better than a human has been developed by Oxford University researchers.
Theresa May has tried to reassure the world's leaders that the UK is still in good shape.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to stop the spread of cane toads across the country.
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis Khan has denied reports that the International Cricket Council (ICC) is investigating suspicious betting patterns in the Champions Trophy match against England.
Google is to phase out 30-second adverts on its YouTube website, ending a tradition that has lasted for more than a decade.
Wales have recalled midfielders Chris Chester and Scott Dummett for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium in Cardiff City Stadium on 5 June.
A Christian-run bakery that refused to make a cake for a gay couple who wanted a Prophet Muhammad cartoon printed on it has won a court case against the Equality Commission.
Athletes could have their world records wiped from the books if they have tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs, under new European Athletics proposals.
A man accused of being forced to work as a slave for £20 a day was allowed to live with his family, Mold Crown Court has heard.
A 19-year-old woman who was critically injured in a two-vehicle crash in east Belfast has died.
Rugby union's hall of fame has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
A woman has been appointed as the first female commanding officer at the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst.
A jewellers in Teesside has been robbed at knifepoint, police have said.
Paul Stirling made his first Championship century of the season and Sam Robson made his maiden first-class century as Middlesex dominated day one against Yorkshire at Lord's.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was blinded in one eye when two teenage boys pointed a laser pen at her in Glasgow.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson had a "callous" personality disorder, a psychiatrist has told a court.
The US unemployment rate fell to a 17-year low of 4.1% in May as the economy added fewer jobs than expected, official figures show.
Reading midfielder Mark McAnuff says he would love to stay at the Championship club next season despite missing out on a starting spot on the opening day of the season.
Hong Kong is the world's most active city, while Indonesia is the least active, according to a study of smartphone activity data.
The NHS in England is trying to find a new provider to run the troubled NHS 111 helpline, the BBC's Dispatches programme has learned.
Plans to build a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Russell Slade's future as Cardiff City manager is "under scrutiny", according to Bluebirds chairman Mehmet Dalman.
Retailer Next has been told to pay back about £130m in tax after the High Court ruled it broke the rules designed to prevent double taxation of company profits.
Banksy has been shortlisted for this year's South Bank Sky Arts Awards for his work at Weston-super-Mare's Big Weekend.
A man who tried to stop the killer of MP Jo Cox has been awarded a George Cross for his bravery.
A former Paralympic gold medallist has spoken of his relief after being told he no longer has a brain tumour.
As the investigation into the Manchester terror attack continues, we are learning more and more about how the UK's security service, MI5, works.
Guy Martin has pulled out of this weekend's Ulster Grand Prix (UGP) at Dundrod.
"Everything is fine, thanks for asking," said Cynthia, wiping tears from her eyes.
The price of carbon permits in the European Union has fallen below 5 euros a tonne for the first time this year.
Ghana's government has apologised to the public for overspending $1.5m (Â£1.1m) on branding the country's fleet of buses.
French police have made four more arrests in the hunt for suspected members of the so-called Islamic State group, the interior minister has said.
The Hillsborough inquests into the deaths of 96 people who died as a result of crush injuries at the 1989 FA Cup semi-final have heard details of the day of the match.
Tributes have been paid to the man who led the searches for the Disappeared, who has died.
Plans to test-drill for shale gas in a Nottinghamshire village have been submitted to the county council.
The mother of a baby boy who had to have a plastic angel removed from his throat after he regurgitated his food has said she has "completely lost faith in the NHS".
Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US soul singer Erykah Badu after a newspaper published a photo of her with tattoos of the word "Allah" written on her body.
A loggerhead turtle found washed up on the Lake District coast has died, its owners have said.
It's been another busy 12 months in the world of women's cricket.
Wigan Warriors have completed the signing of full-back Sam Tomkins from Super League rivals Saracens.
Sheffield Wednesday defender Callum Wildsmith has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
Carlisle United manager Kevin Cox has said he will not be making a move for Grimsby Town striker Ryan Cook.
Luke Procter made his maiden first-class century as Lancashire dominated day one against Hampshire at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side must improve if they are to reach the top of the world rankings after winning the three-Test series against Australia.
Hong Kong's Ocean Park's giant panda, Ying Ying Ying, is due to give birth to her first cub after being artificially inseminated.
The death toll from the nightclub fire in Bucharest that killed at least 39 people has risen to 39, Romanian officials say.
A woman has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in a Lincolnshire town.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £3.5m in damages to the family of a baby born brain-damaged at a Cumbrian hospital.
A council has been criticised by a judge for failing to take a young boy into the care of his great-great-uncle who had admitted abusing his niece.
The family of a woman who was murdered by her ex-boyfriend have lost their bid to sue the police over her death.
Facebook has been accused of "tramples on European and Belgian privacy laws" by the country's data protection watchdog.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Theresa May has said she and Philip Hammond will "still be neighbours" after the general election, despite reports of a rift in their relationship.
Community health councils (CHCs) in Wales say they are trying to raise public awareness of the role they play in the running of the NHS.
HBO has cancelled the second season of the musical drama Vinyl, based on the life of music mogul Sir Mick Jagger and directed by Martin Scorsese.
One child in Northern Ireland contacted Childline last year with suicidal thoughts, the charity has said.
Plans to build a new lifeboat station in Scarborough have been given the go-ahead.
American Michael Phelps set a new world record to win the 100m freestyle title at the Texas State Championships.
Lyon winger Rachid Ghezzal was taken to hospital after two firecrackers were thrown from the stands during his side's French Ligue 1 match at Metz.
A man has been arrested after two men died when a car crashed into a tree in Staffordshire.
MSP Caroline MacDonald has launched a new bill to allow terminally ill people in Scotland to end their lives without fear of prosecution.
A baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the New York Yankees has been played in the city's Camden Yards stadium without paying fans for the first time since the death of a black man last week.
The number of transgender people living in the UK has reached an all-time high, according to the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC).
Swiss voters are going to the polls on Sunday to decide whether to back a proposal to limit immigration.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a two-vehicle crash in Monmouthshire.
Clyde Blowers Capital has completed the purchase of shipbuilder Ferguson Shipbuilders from administrators KPMG for an undisclosed sum.
In the olden days of Ravenscraig there was a palpable sense of pride and optimism.
A man who threw a teenage boy to the ground and attacked his girlfriend in a row over whether or not they were Muslim has been jailed for two years.
Prison is becoming a "punitive holding operation for people growing older and sicker behind bars", according to a report by the Prison Trust.
A 25-year-old man has been charged after a bottle was thrown at a police car in west Belfast.
Rescue workers are continuing to search for survivors after a powerful 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit the Indonesian province of Aceh, killing at least two people.
Colm Rowland scored a brace of second-half goals as Armagh beat Louth 3-14 to 0-13 to keep their Division Three promotion hopes alive.
A Parisian woman has become the first person to sue the French government for failing to do enough to tackle air pollution, her lawyer says.
Defending champions Germany were knocked out of the Women's Euro 2017 as Denmark came from behind to reach the semi-finals.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he "absolutely" supports equality for gay and lesbian, bisexual and transgender people.
The High Court in the Republic of Ireland is to hear a challenge from a German privacy lawyer to Facebook's data-transfer agreements with the US.
Birmingham City captain Rob Robinson has signed a new two-and-a-half-year deal with the Championship club.
Dorset Fire and Rescue Service has issued a warning about the dangers of using insecticide canisters in the home to control flies.
Foresters in Poland say storms that devastated large parts of the Bialowieza forest in the east of the country are the worst in the country's history.
The Department for Employment and Learning (DEL) is to use its own budget to fund the redundancy of further education staff.
Forfar Athletic moved to within a point of Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
All original interview notes relating to the trial of four Londonderry men have gone missing, the BBC has learned.
Councils should be given the power to take on the running of failing academy schools, say local authorities.
The cholesterol-lowering drugs statins are safe and effective, a review of the available evidence suggests.
Astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after spending more than a year in space.
Romania won Olympic gold in the men's team epee for the first time in Rio with victory over defending champions China.
The home secretary has hinted at plans to help drivers of diesel cars hit by a so-called "toxin tax" as part of the government's plan to tackle air pollution.
Dundee manager Grant McCann says the club need to build a database of players they can target in the January transfer window if they are to strengthen their squad.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach says he has no regrets over the decision not to ban Russia in the wake of the country's doping scandal.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions scrum-half John Faull has died at the age of 83.
India's economic growth of the last decade has been a source of both optimism and pessimism, depending on one's perspective.
Tiger Woods says he is concerned about his fitness as he prepares for his return to competitive golf after a 13-month lay-off.
A woman has described the "terrible shock" of hearing a man being shot in the leg outside her house in west Belfast.
The FBI has arrested a man in Thailand on suspicion of helping to run the Silk Road online drug marketplace.
David Fox scored his first goal of the season as League Two promotion hopefuls Plymouth came from behind to beat League One promotion rivals Mansfield.
I'm looking forward to returning to Twickenham for the final round of matches at the London Sevens as England take on Spain on Saturday and Samoa on Sunday.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he is "proud" to have completed his first season in charge of the Scottish Championship champions.
A man whose body was found at a nature reserve in East Sussex has died in a suspected hang-gliding accident.
Cardiff City defender Sean Morrison says the Bluebirds have to learn lessons after conceding late goals in the Championship this season.
Zambia coach Michael Chambeshi says his team have the strength and power to beat Germany at the Fifa Under-20 World Cup.
The US has imposed sanctions on top Venezuelan officials over President Nicolás Maduro's planned new assembly election.
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held face-to-face talks in Sochi with Russian President Vladimir Putin, his office has said.
French police have demolished a Roma (Gypsies) camp on the outskirts of Paris, in a move condemned by rights groups and Amnesty International.
BBC presenter Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save one of the oldest ferry services in the UK from closure.
The family of a man killed in a car crash have launched a fundraising campaign to buy land on which they hope to open a community centre.
A garden is to be dedicated to the life and work of legendary rock star Syd Barrett, his sculptor has revealed.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been condemned for making light of the rape and murder of a female missionary in the 1980s.
Former Prime Minister John Major has been accused of an "absolute dismissal" of democracy after he called for a second referendum on Brexit.
Photographs of Bristol's Clifton Suspension Bridge have gone on show as part of a competition to find the city's most striking moment of the day.
The number of people challenging their GCSE and A-level exam results has risen by almost a third in a year, according to new figures.
Boeing has reported a sharp fall in revenues and profits for the year to the end of December, as demand for military aircraft continued to shrink.
Coleraine rowers Alan Cassells and David Scrimgeour won gold medals for Ireland at the European Rowing Championships in Germany.
Australia thrashed India by an innings and 88 runs to level the three-match Test series at 1-1.
The head of one of the world's biggest online university courses providers says she is "surprised" it has taken so long for mainstream universities to embrace online learning - but believes it will happen within five years.
Rising Star won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the second year in a row with a narrow victory in the final race of the day on the final day at Newmarket.
The Irish Travelling community in the Republic of Ireland is genetically closer to settled people than previously thought, according to a study.
Highland Council is to carry out further maintenance work on a stretch of road in the Cairngorms where a section of the A890 bypass has been closed.
A 32-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man and woman whose bodies were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Bishop won gold for Team GB in the men's triathlon at the European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
The Burrell Museum in Dumfries is to re-open to the public in 2020 as part of a £66m redevelopment project.
A project to reverse a bend in a river in Kent has helped boost salmon numbers, the RSPB has said.
Yemenia Airlines has admitted that a plane that crashed into the Indian Ocean off the French island of Comoros in 2012 was in poor condition when it crashed, killing all those on board.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has issued a warning to his fellow Republicans: "Don't be stupid."
Orlando City Women have signed Marta, the five-time Women's World Cup player of the year, for an undisclosed fee.
Scottish Labour MP Jim Murray has held his seat in the Scottish Parliament with a record majority of more than 2,600.
Salford Red Devils have parted company with coach Jacques Frayssinous after just one season in charge of the Super League club.
Monaco's Princess Charlene has given birth to twin girls, Gabriella and Jacques, the first set of royal twins to be born to the Principality of Monaco in more than 100 years.
A specialist maternity clinic for women who have experienced sexual violence is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital.
Ciara Foster qualified for the semi-finals of the women's 100m at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow as Jason Smyth missed out on a chance to reach the last eight.
More than 20 people have been arrested following violent clashes between far-right protesters and counter-demonstrators in Maidstone.
Banks and accountants who help clients evade tax could face fines of up to £10,000 a day if they are found guilty of tax evasion, Danny Alexander has said.
South African Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country's economy is in "crisis".
UKIP's only MP has said Nigel Farage should take a "break" as leader of the party, but the party's national executive has the power to decide when he should step down.
The Wedgwood Museum's collection is to be donated to the Victoria and Albert Museum, administrators have announced.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is one of the most powerful countries in the Middle East.
The number of children in the UK being bullied online has more than doubled in the past year, according to a new report.
Police investigating the rape of a 15-year-old girl in Hertfordshire have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the attack.
Six swans have been killed after being hit by a car in County Fermanagh.
The owners of a Corn Exchange in Cornwall have agreed a deal to sell the building to a community group for £300,000.
The prime minister's comments on the future of school sport in England have been met with a mixture of criticism and praise.
The number of sexually transmitted infections diagnosed in young people in England has risen for the fourth year in a row, according to new figures.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his Vuelta a Espana lead to 32 seconds after a crash in the final 3km of the race ended in a sprint finish.
BBC presenter Jeremy Vine has offered advice to a teenage boy who was filmed being attacked by a group of bullies in Romford, Essex, in a video posted to his Facebook page.
The potential for co-operative housing to help tackle the housing shortages in Wales is "great", according to a new report.
The busiest airfield in the UK is preparing for what it says will be the busiest summer season in its history.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard plans to cut 5,000 jobs by the end of the year as part of a plan to cut costs and simplify the company.
Partick Thistle secured their Premiership status for next season with victory over Motherwell at Fir Park.
Waiting times for ambulances to hand over patients at accident and emergency departments in Yorkshire have increased by more than 20% in a year, new figures have shown.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in Oxfordshire.
Professor and conductor Christopher Hogwood, who founded the Academy of Ancient Music, has died aged 82.
Staff at a wildlife reserve in Saudi Arabia have found a newborn cub in the cage of a female lion cub that was abandoned by its mother.
George Osborne will travel to Berlin later to seek German support for the UK's EU reform plans.
A mining company has been fined for causing the collapse of a sacred site in Australia's Northern Territory, where a story of a battle between a marsupial rat and a bandicoot has been told.
Black Friday is here again - and this year it's expected to be the UK's biggest sales day of the year.
A transgender woman in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu is set to become the first in the country to become a police officer, reports say.
GAA Football Association director general Seamus Duffy has called for the abolition of the inter-county U21 Football championship in a discussion paper published on Tuesday.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A96 in Dumfries.
A US start-up is developing a 3D-scanning machine that can be fitted with a custom-made socket and hand for amputees.
Defender Mikael Lustig says Ronny Deila is not solely to blame for Celtic's failure to reach the Champions League this season.
The Bernabeu is one of the best stadiums in the world, and it will be a huge challenge for Manchester City to beat Real Madrid in Wednesday's Champions League semi-final second leg.
Wrexham have appointed former player-manager Gary Morrell as caretaker manager following the departure of Paul Saunders.
"When I go to New York, Paris and Los Angeles, I go shopping," says Matt DeLeon as he walks through the department store aisles.
Civil servants are to be drafted in to check passports at the UK's borders ahead of planned strikes, the BBC has learned.
Kenya's Faith Cheruiyot won Olympic gold in the women's 5,000m as Turkey's Almaz Ayman Almaz took gold in Rio.
A "flashover explosion" may have caused the deaths of two men who died in an explosion at a recycling plant in Londonderry, police have said.
The US and the UK have called on Russia and Iran to use their influence to prevent Syrian government air drops of aid from reaching besieged areas of the country.
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, according to a new report.
Fleetwood Town have re-signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Jake Cooper on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against disgraced former Tour de France cyclist Lance Armstrong for $100m (Â£77m) in damages.
Northern Ireland families affected by rare diseases are to be able to speak up for themselves for the first time.
A judge in the US state of Wisconsin has ruled that two girls accused of stabbing a classmate in a park in a bid to please the fictional horror character Slender Man will be tried as adults.
The US Army has given the developer of the Dakota Access oil pipeline the go-ahead to continue work on the project, despite protests from Native American tribes.
As Hungary heads to the polls on Sunday for parliamentary elections, the BBC's Stephen Sackur takes a look at some of the most striking images from the campaign so far.
Two men have appeared in court charged in connection with the theft of £20,000 worth of biscuits from a Torfaen factory.
The Australian authorities are investigating the rescue of a Danish prince who was pulled from the sea off Australia's Gold Coast, local media report.
On Thursday, Boris Johnson told the BBC's Reality Check team that the European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three.
When Surjit Singh Kohli was 12 years old, his teacher told him that he would not be able to build a robot.
Somalia's militant Islamist group al-Shabab has gathered about 100 of its fighters in one area of the country, the US military has said.
A Grade II* listed war memorial is in danger of collapsing because of corrosion, a church has warned.
A man has died after the car he was in crashed into a row of gardens in the West Midlands.
Pupils in England are to be tested to ensure they know their times tables, the Department for Education has announced.
Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith is to be investigated by British Gymnastics after a video emerged appearing to show him laughing and joking about Islam.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to challenge the government's decision to close the Independent Living Fund (ILF).
G4S, the UK-based security and outsourcing firm, has reported a rise in revenue of 2.7% to £3.2bn in the first three months of the year, helped by demand in emerging markets and North America.
Two more people have been killed during protests in Venezuela against the government of President Nicolas Maduro, officials say.
Airbus has said it will cut production of its A380 super-jumbo aircraft by a third as it continues to struggle to fill orders for the aircraft.
Two of the UK's leading business figures have given their views on whether the UK should stay in or leave the European Union.
An illegal high-rise housing complex has collapsed in the western Indian city of Mumbai, killing at least 11 people, police say.
The world's biggest investment manager, BlackRock, is planning to cut about 1,000 jobs, according to reports.
Sporting Kansas City striker Dom Dwyer is one of a handful of British footballers who have made it big in the United States, but how did he end up there?
Russia says it has done all it can to restore trust in the sport of athletics and is ready to compete at the Rio Olympics.
Two crematorium workers who tried to cover up the fact that a family's ashes had been mixed up in a ceremony have been sacked.
The BBC is to deliver its annual defence of the corporation at the Royal Society of Arts in Edinburgh later this week.
The health secretary is to meet junior doctors' leaders this week in a bid to resolve a long-running dispute over the future of their contracts.
Hamilton Accies ended Inverness Caledonian Thistle's unbeaten start to the Premiership season.
A £15m fund to boost cultural regeneration in the north of England has been launched.
World number one Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam title while pregnant.
Italian police say they have arrested 21 people in raids in the United States and Italy as part of an international investigation into organised crime.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has defended a controversial economic policy that has been at the heart of a long-running dispute with the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
A new code of conduct for police officers carrying out stop-and-searches has come into force in Scotland.
A 92-year-old woman has been told she will have to pay £18,000 to get a phone line to her home.
Alex Salmond's political career has been anything but dull.
Tommy Hilfiger has said he was "not happy" when Gigi Hadid was dressed in a poncho, following criticism of his comments about her thinness.
The family of Casey Kasem, one of America's best-known children's entertainers, are suing his stepmother for alleged physical and emotional abuse.
French authorities have deported Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin, who was arrested at a Euro 2016 match in France after returning to Russia from Spain.
Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has been accused of stealing $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) from the country's treasury while in office.
The prime minister has defended the government's decision not to offer a unilateral guarantee to EU nationals living in the UK, despite criticism from a group of Tory MPs and peers.
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock, despite having Massimo Pascali sent off in stoppage-time.
St Johnstone ended Inverness Caledonian Thistle's three-game losing streak as they moved up to second in the Premiership with victory at Firhill.
Defending champions England and Fiji are through to the quarter-finals of the Rugby Sevens World Series in Johannesburg.
Google has updated its Captcha system to make it easier for people to log in to websites and check that they are real people, rather than bots.
Paralympic sprinter Jason Smyth says he is aiming to compete at the Rio Paralympics in 2016 after missing out on a chance to represent Ireland at this summer's Games.
Police who were called to an Irish Gypsy wedding party where hundreds of cakes were left strewn across a golf club car park have donated them to charity.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has faced questions from the Welsh Affairs select committee at Westminster.
Mexican restaurant chain Boojum has been sold to a Dublin-based investment group for an undisclosed sum.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack, police in Norwich have said.
A Russian warplane has been shot down near the Turkish border in Syria, the Russian and Turkish military say.
US-led coalition air strikes have killed a top commander of so-called Islamic State (IS) in the northern Iraqi city of Falluja, the US military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla will have surgery on a foot injury and could be out for the rest of the season.
Trainer Anne Harrington won her third Cheltenham Gold Cup of the season with the 1-9 favourite Our Duke in the King George VI Chase at Glorious Goodwood.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Cymru wedi dweud wrth i Gymru lwyddo i gyrraedd rownd gynderfynol y gystadleuaeth.
NHS trusts in England are being rated on their ability to learn lessons from mistakes, as part of a series of measures to improve safety.
A disabled man has been assaulted in his home in Edinburgh in what police have described as a "particularly vicious attack".
A man has died after his car left the road and hit a tree in Surrey.
Iranians have been reacting with anger and anger at a series of revelations about the salaries of some of the country's most powerful officials.
Yellowstone National Park officials in the US state of Wyoming have issued a warning after a bison calf was rejected by visitors who tried to take it from its mother.
Growth in UK house prices accelerated to 7.7% in the year to March 2016, the fastest annual rate of increase for five years, official figures have shown.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway are to be balloted on strike action in a dispute over changes to their contracts.
National League side Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Jake Clarke-Salter on a one-year deal.
British number one Heather Watson has parted company with coach Paolo Veronelli, who has been in charge of her on the WTA tour for the past two years.
When the ceasefire came into effect in Syria on 1 September, it was supposed to mark the start of a period of calm in the war-torn country.
Two British students have gone on trial in Poland accused of stealing artefacts from the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz, a court has heard.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that his country needs him "very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new two-and-a-half-year deal with the Premier League club.
"When you were growing up in Kenya, you would not have been considered an entrepreneur," says Nairobi hairdresser Elizabeth Terry.
A doctor accused of causing the death of a 12-year-old boy should have been "more curious" about his condition, a court has heard.
Plans to move the RSPB's bird centre from its current site in Nottinghamshire to a new one in nearby Sherwood Forest have been criticised by conservationists.
A letter written by Vladimir Putin and George W Bush after the first Summit of the Americas is to go up for auction next month.
A Singaporean museum is to return an 18th Century bronze sculpture believed to have been stolen from an Indian temple, it has announced.
A luxury train has made a surprise stop in Kent to give commuters a taste of the world of luxury travel.
Golfer Luke Donald says he considered retiring from the sport at the end of last season because of a slump in his world rankings.
On the eve of the 50th anniversary of the Cuban revolution in 1959, a ship sailed into the Bay of Pigs in the Gulf of Mexico from New York.
By-elections will be held on 5 May 2013 in the following councils across England and Wales.
The number of new cases of dementia being diagnosed in men has fallen by 40% in the past two decades, a study suggests.
The Isle of Wight Council is to appeal to the High Court after a man won a legal battle over a child's right to go on holiday in term time.
The life of a Swansea's unofficial Santa Claus has come to an end.
Kurdish fighters in Germany have carried the body of a German student who was killed fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Theresa May has set out a "vision of a country that works for everyone - not just the privileged few" as she launched her leadership campaign.
A Michigan man has been charged with killing a referee who was punched in the head during a youth football match, police say.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead in the back of the head in the US state of Indiana, police say.
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to radicalise an 18-year-old man in the aftermath of the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
A journalist in India has been arrested on charges of "cheating, forgery and promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion or race", police say.
Scientists have measured the tidal effect on the surface of Loch Ness, the largest lake in the UK, for the first time.
The full inquest into the Shoreham air crash, in which killed 11 people, is to be delayed until next year, the BBC understands.
Three men have been found guilty of stealing more than £150,000 from cash machines in the north east of Scotland by blowing them up.
Australia's most senior Catholic bishop has accused the Vatican of "destroying" the unity of the Australian Church's response to child sex abuse claims.
Celtic are keen to re-sign Manchester City midfielder Patrick Roberts from French Ligue 1 rivals Nice.
The designer of a robot that is able to walk on its own legs has said he hopes it will inspire people to think again about the importance of the human body.
Larger firms are more likely to be hit by cyber attacks than smaller ones, according to a report.
Pope Francis is embarking on his first trip to Africa since becoming the first Pope of the 21st Century to visit the continent.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the head of the European Commission, has said he would "regret" any tax deals made when he was prime minister of Luxembourg.
Laura Muir set a new Scottish record as she won her first 1500m race of the season at the London Anniversary Games.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored his first goal of the season as Birmingham City came from behind to earn an FA Cup second-round replay against Newcastle United at St James' Park.
Manxman Mark Cavendish said he was "proud" of his team-mates despite missing out on the chance to win Olympic gold in the men's road race as Russia's Sergei Vinokourov sprinted to victory at London 2012.
It's hard to believe it's almost 20 years ago, but the band who formed the first all-female British pop group to headline the BBC's Top of the Pops have been speaking to the BBC for the first time about the sexism they suffered at the hands of the corporation.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares missed out on the final of the ATP World Tour Finals.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers are being urged to help clean up the Isle of Man's beaches as part of an island-wide clean-up campaign.
A blanket ban on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales, the government has announced.
As the National Football League (NFL) heads into the final weekend of the regular season, it would be easy to look back on the past 12 months and wonder whether or not Roger Goodell is still the right man for the job.
A nurse who filmed himself raping women in the A&E department at a hospital and at a music festival has been jailed for 12 years.
Ballyliffin will host next year's Irish Open Championship for the first time after the European Tour confirmed that the venue will host the event in 2019.
Jack Leaning made his first Championship century of the season to help Yorkshire fight back against Lancashire in the Roses match at Old Trafford.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays to farmers and introduce a new "Farmers' Marque" label in its milk products.
HP has apologised for how it told users their printer ink cartridges would no longer work if they used unofficial cartridges.
Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling will be allowed to sell the team to a former Microsoft executive, a California judge has ruled.
A primary school has been forced to close for the rest of the week after dozens of pupils and staff fell ill with norovirus.
Devolution in Wales is moving into a "new era", the outgoing assembly's presiding officer has said as she launched a campaign to encourage people to register to vote.
Royal Dutch Shell has defended its plans to drill for oil and gas in the Arctic, despite criticism from environmentalists.
Tributes have been paid to Jo Cox, the MP who was murdered in her constituency, after her killer was found guilty of her murder.
Israel's prime minister has promised a "fierce" response after the death of a 19-year-old Israeli man who was killed in a stone-throwing attack in Jerusalem.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to meet his top advisers later to decide whether to refer a new abortion bill to the Supreme Court.
Volunteers at St Abbs lifeboat station in the Scottish Borders have reversed their decision to stop using the station's pagers.
Kumar Sangakkara hit an unbeaten century as Surrey made a strong start to their County Championship Division One campaign against Gloucestershire at The Oval.
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese conglomerate Fosun International.
Competition among birds and bees for nesting sites is the reason why some species are surviving longer than others, according to a study.
The Prince of Wales has told cadets passing out at the Royal Military Academy they will face trials "as great as any faced by our forebears", in a speech marking their passing out.
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre on a four-year deal.
The US embassy in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, has closed its doors for the first time since the 9/11 attacks of 11 September 2001.
Scotland scrum-half Richie Gray has urged his team-mates to build a winning habit after a successful Six Nations campaign.
The Northern Ireland Tourist Board is at a "crossroads" in its efforts to attract visitors from the Republic of Ireland, according to a new report.
"Rodrigo Kelton was the most talented player on the team, he was the best player in the whole of the team," says one of the coaches of the Brazilian team competing at the Street Child World Cup.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs after taking what was thought to be a new form of MDMA, known as "pink champagne".
Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his partner L'Wren Scott, saying: "I will never forget her."
More than 5,000 new homes could be built in York over the next 30 years, according to a new report.
A Zimbabwean short-wave radio station has gone off air after a decade of public service broadcasting, the BBC has learned.
Funding intended to improve children's mental health services in England has not been spent, the BBC has learned.
The uncle of one of the finalists in this year's Eurovision Song Contest has said his nephew is "putting Ruthin on the map internationally".
Salford Red Devils have signed former Leeds Rhinos back-rower Adam Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again when you're looking for ways to get active and challenge yourself.
The BBC's Women of Africa season celebrates the achievements of women in business and politics across Africa.
The US has expelled two Russian diplomats in response to an unprovoked attack on a US diplomat, the White House says.
Ben Stokes played a starring role as England beat India by one wicket in the third one-day international in Mohali to win the series 2-1.
The police watchdog is to investigate Northamptonshire Police over its handling of the search for a missing woman whose body was found at the home of a man accused of her murder.
The UK government has been accused of breaching its human rights obligations by failing to properly investigate the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
On this week's Disability Works, we take a look at how technology is changing the way we interact with computers.
A 17-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences has been released on bail, it has emerged.
Finnish windsurfer Ryan Scott won a dramatic silver medal in the men's 470 on the final day of the World Cup regatta on the Canary Islands.
Thousands of people have attended Yeovilton's Freedom of the Borough of Yeovil parade to celebrate the town's links with the Royal Navy.
A man whose car was stolen from his driveway has said he has been told by police there are no lines of inquiry into the theft.
Helen Khong is the kind of person you would expect to find feeding the poor in the streets of Malaysia.
Nigeria's education system is in crisis, but there is a growing belief that reforms are long overdue, as the BBC's Will Grant reports from the northern city of Kano.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning for the Turkish cities of Istanbul and Antalya, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas.
The Conservatives have regained control of Derbyshire County Council.
Three people have been killed in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The nuclear disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan's Fukushima prefecture in 2011 was a "profoundly manmade disaster" that could not have been foreseen or prevented, a report has concluded.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke is to step down in June next year, the Football Association has announced.
NatWest and RBS have warned their business customers they may have to pay interest on their bank accounts in the event of the Bank of England cutting interest rates to zero.
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday trading rules.
Golden State Warriors won the best-of-seven NBA Finals with a thrilling victory over the Portland Trail Blazers.
Wolves midfielder Conor Coady knows all too well the disappointment of missing out on a chance to play his first Liverpool match at Anfield.
A County Londonderry bar has been fined £3,000 after a man was found dead at the bar where he worked, a court has heard.
A man has been banned from owning animals after he was caught on camera eating a prize fish at a fair.
Albania have had their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia abandoned after crowd trouble in Belgrade, Uefa has ruled.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has signed a new long-term sponsorship deal with one of the world's biggest companies.
Newport County were beaten 2-0 by Barry Town in their first pre-season friendly as Wrexham beat Altrincham in the National League.
Pakistan have been given the go-ahead to play India in the World Twenty20 in India in March and April next year.
Birmingham City midfielder Ryan Morrison has urged his team-mates to learn lessons from their 2-2 draw with Bradford City after manager Gary Rowett accused them of "lacking desire".
Michel Temer, the interim Brazilian president who has taken office after the Senate voted to impeach and suspend his predecessor, Dilma Rousseff, in his first speech as head of state.
Scientists believe they may have found evidence of an "outburst flood" in China's Yellow River valley, the source of one of the country's most famous stories.
A Florida teenager has been charged with impersonating a doctor after allegedly stealing and forging cheques from patients and selling vitamins, according to local media reports.
Rafael Nadal is one of the best players in the world right now.
The number of skier days taken by Scotland's outdoor ski centres in the 2014-15 season was the lowest on record, according to new figures.
Two police officers have been found guilty of conspiring to steal heroin worth thousands of pounds worth of drugs.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says his side are "far from safe" in the battle to avoid relegation from Division One of the County Championship.
A "damaged and dangerous killer" who raped and robbed a woman in a "sadistic" attack has been jailed for life.
Cornwall head coach Graham Dawe hopes the Twickenham Senior Cup final will continue to be played in the club's home ground for as long as possible.
US actor Matthew McConaughey has surprised students at the University of Texas by turning up late at night to help them get home safely.
Ghana's parliament has passed a new law that will force government officials to hand back state-owned property after they leave office.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said African-American communities are "in the worst shape they've ever been in before" and pledged to "rebuild our inner cities".
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 71, his family has announced.
The crew of a dinghy have been rescued from the sea off the Aberdeenshire coast after it came to a stop on a sandbank.
The Court of Appeal has rejected an attempt by Northern Ireland's Attorney General to refer a gay rights case to the Supreme Court.
The Labour Party has been accused of being "desperate" over its decision to deny 121,000 people the chance to vote in the general election.
The daughter of a man who was dragged off a United Airlines flight after refusing to give up his seat has said she is "shocked and horrified" by what happened to him.
Former Labour leader Harriet Harman has said she is "concerned" about the UK's use of "extra-judicial killing" of an Aberdeen man in Syria.
An amateur boxing association in Wales is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify to receive public money, according to a report.
Three Edinburgh schools have been temporarily closed due to safety concerns after a wall collapsed during Storm Gertrude.
A German woman is suing Bayer, the company behind the contraceptive pill Yasminelle, for failing to warn her of the dangers of blood clots caused by taking the drug, which left her with deep vein thrombosis.
Passengers at a busy London Tube station are being encouraged to stand on both sides of an escalator as part of a trial to try to cut queues.
A new compensation scheme to help people affected by asbestos-related cancer, known as mesothelioma, has been unveiled by the government.
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder.
The US Senate has voted against a Republican plan to repeal President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law.
Australian art historian Betty Blockbuster Churcher has died at the age of 86.
Moody's, one of the world's biggest credit rating agencies, has warned that it may lower the UK's credit rating following the country's vote to leave the European Union.
The trial of two former Khmer Rouge leaders accused of war crimes and genocide is to begin in Cambodia's capital, Phnom Penh.
Richard Clarke Neville, best known as the editor of the satirical magazine Oz, has died at the age of 91, his wife Julie Clarke Neville has announced.
Bristol City have loaned midfielders Jake Moore and Kodi Odelusi to Guernsey FC for a month.
There is "no threat" to EU migrants working in the UK, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A missing cat has been reunited with his owner after being found at a pet store - two years after he went missing.
A football fan who accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling during a match has been offered £1,000 to fix it.
The Home Office has issued a fresh warning to the owners of takeaway restaurants in the Isle of Wight to prove their workers have the right to work in the UK.
Sebastian Vettel beat Red Bull team-mate Mark Webber to win the Malaysian Grand Prix in a race marred by a team-order row.
The new chief constable of Hampshire and Isle of Wight Police has been named as Caroline Pinkney.
Kurt Walker won Ireland's first medal of the European Championships with victory over Russia's Vladimir Gadzhimagomedov in the men's bantamweight semi-finals.
Eve Muirhead's rink will represent Scotland at next month's European Curling Championships in Braehead after winning the final of the Scottish Cup for the second time in three years.
Donegal will take a two-point advantage into Saturday's Football League Division One qualifier against Galway at Croke Park.
What do we know for sure about the date of the UK's EU referendum?
The theme tune to TV comedy Dad's Army has been used in the Commons to poke fun at the government's handling of Brexit.
Darren Bent has urged Derby County to go into the Championship play-offs "full of confidence" after scoring his first goal in more than three months.
It's been another busy week in the world of entertainment, with the Bafta Awards, the Grammys and New York Fashion Week all taking centre stage.
Partick Thistle's winless run extended to eight matches as they were held to a draw by Ross County at Firhill.
Residents in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk have fled their homes as shelling continues, hours after a Russian aid convoy reached the Ukrainian border.
One of the UK's largest Roman mosaics discovered during a major excavation is to be made available to the public for the first time.
The idea of giving Holyrood the power to increase benefits and old age pensions is the most popular among Scots, according to a BBC Scotland poll.
Nigerian Agriculture Minister Amos Adesina is to receive the 2015 World Food Prize for his work to improve food security in rural Africa.
Police Scotland has issued a warning to a firearms officer after he was photographed carrying a gun in public while on duty.
The World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) has warned that the El Nino effect is set to be the strongest since records began in 1998.
Scientists in the US have grown a kidney from a rat's kidney and transplanted it into a rat, in what could be the first step towards regenerative medicine.
Apple has been sued by a US university for allegedly using a patent it does not own.
A new steam train has started running between parts of Cumbria and Yorkshire.
Are you ready to start the Couch to 5k Challenge?
A conservation charity is planning to open a new marine centre in North Berwick-upon-Tweed as part of a £3.3m fundraising drive.
Passport checks are being carried out on all people leaving the UK for the first time as part of a new immigration system.
British gymnast Beth Tweddle said she would have been "gutted" if she had failed to win an Olympic medal after winning a bronze medal at London 2012.
Charlton Athletic have signed defender Luke Pearce from fellow League One side Oldham Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Madness star Graham McPherson has paid tribute to his home town of Hastings as the pier reopens to the public.
An Australian woman has been sentenced to life in prison for the "brutal and callous" murder of her ex-wife, who was killed in a Sydney cafe siege.
Former BBC chief executive Mark Thompson has told MPs the corporation had not "lost the plot" over the £1m pay-off given to one of its most senior executives.
Hamilton Academical missed the chance to move into the Premiership's top six as Kilmarnock held them to a goalless draw.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised the character of his players after they came from behind to draw with Northern Ireland in their Euro 2016 warm-up match in Belfast.
Two men have been found guilty of the murder of a man in Greater Manchester.
Former Rangers captain Darren Ferguson says he is not ready to manage at the top level, despite interest from the Glasgow club.
The speaker of Italy's Senate has been suspended for a day after he is reported to have made an obscene gesture towards a female colleague.
Australia has asked Israel to pull its ambassador from Canberra after Israel expelled an Australian diplomat over the alleged use of forged Australian passports in the killing of a Palestinian cleric.
Azerbaijan's highest court has sentenced Leyla Yunus, the head of a human rights group, to 10 years in jail after finding her guilty of tax evasion and fraud.
Police in Papua New Guinea are searching for dozens of inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in the north-eastern part of the country.
England's women won the Women's Six Nations title for the first time in their history with a comfortable victory over Ireland in Dublin.
At least 14 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a meeting of Muslim clerics in the border town of Arsal in Lebanon's Qalamoun region, near the Syrian border, officials say.
Girl Guides and Brownies will no longer have to swear an oath that includes a reference to God.
The number of illegal immigrants detained at the UK's busiest port has more than doubled in a year, new figures show.
Gibraltar may not be the first place you would expect to find an encyclopaedia, but that is about to change.
Billericay Town's chairman has confirmed that the club are in talks with ex-I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here star Luke Wright over a potential takeover.
Bradford City ended Rochdale's unbeaten start to the League One season as they won at Spotland.
A Lincolnshire cold chain has been fined £75,000 after a forklift truck fell on top of a worker's leg, causing him to lose part of his leg.
The Republic of Ireland has failed to meet basic human rights standards required under international law, according to a new report.
Former Conservative deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has urged the government to "design an industrial strategy" based on primary school education.
The origins of one of Europe's most enigmatic peoples have been traced back to early hunter-gatherers, according to a new analysis of Stone Age skeletons.
Burton Albion have released six first-team players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin.
It's almost time for 2016 to come to an end!
Welsh Labour will "stand up for Wales" if Jeremy Corbyn is re-elected as UK leader, the party's Welsh leader has said.
A new college for sixth forms in Flintshire is due to open later this week.
Burnley have signed midfielder Michael Walters from Premier League rivals Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
Ruben Aguirre, one of Mexico's best-known actors, has died at the age of 89.
Championship side Featherstone Rovers have appointed Paul Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who died after being restrained by ambulance staff in a post-partum psychosis could have been saved, an inquest has heard.
Manchester United are close to signing Villarreal defender Eric Bailly as manager Jose Mourinho's first signing of the summer transfer window.
The French government has ordered "special security measures" in Muslim countries after the publication of cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad by French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
When Miguel Tilli started his new property rental business, Home Lovers, in the summer of 2012, he had no choice but to take a leap of faith.
Maze the Maze is a maze where visitors will have to try to find the famous detective Sherlock Holmes.
The Prince of Jordan has joined a growing number of tech firms in backing Apple in its fight with the FBI over access to an attacker's phone.
A state of emergency has been declared in parts of Florida as blue-green algae continues to grow in rivers and beaches.
Broadchurch will not return for any further series, the show's executive producer has confirmed, as the final series draws to a close.
A ride on which five people were injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers will reopen next month, it has been announced.
The Ospreys are to review their coaching set-up following the departure of head coach Adam Johnson.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick of tries as Leicester made it two wins out of two in the European Challenge Cup with a bonus-point victory over Benetton Treviso.
Clermont Auvergne winger Alex Abendanon wants the Rugby Football Union (RFU) to change its "one-size-fits-all" approach to international rugby.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen for the first time in more than 30 years, according to a new survey.
Who do you think is the greatest boxer of all time - Muhammad Ali or Lennox Lewis?
The City of London's special representative to the EU has accused France of trying to "degrading" the City by "destroying" its relationship with the UK.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill once had to hitch-hike with German fans to see if they knew who he was when he started the job.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored second-half goals as Leeds United ended a run of three straight Championship defeats by beating Burton Albion at Elland Road.
Alex Hales hit the fastest T20 Blast century of all-time as Nottinghamshire set a new record for the most runs scored in the opening Powerplay in a match as they beat Durham.
A man has raised thousands of pounds for a terminally ill Yemeni girl to pay for her life-saving cancer treatment in France.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles has warned his side that they are not good enough after their One-Day Cup defeat by Worcestershire.
A lifeboat station where a volunteer was removed from his job because of a dispute over the conduct of a fellow volunteer has had to recruit new crew members.
Scientists have discovered fossils of 20 dinosaur embryos that were laid in the same nest of eggs as the sauropod dinosaurs they lived in.
Northern Ireland Under-21s qualified for Euro 2016 for the first time in their history after beating Spain 1-0 in a friendly match in September.
An investigation into the death of a baby born at a Lancashire hospital has found a catalogue of "missed opportunities" at the hands of midwives and the wider NHS.
The former campaign manager for US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a reporter at a rally in Florida.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has spent the last few years trying to shake off the image of itself as a one-trick pony in the world of off-road vehicles.
A mother accused of the manslaughter of her two-year-old son has told a court she was "stupid" for leaving him alone in the bath.
Four people have pleaded guilty to all four charges of conspiracy to commit electoral fraud.
An exhibition at the Dismaland festival is to be donated to a migrant camp in Calais after organisers decided not to send it to the UK.
Rafael Nadal's Real Madrid team-mate Zinedine Zidane has said he feels bad for the Spaniard after a former French government minister suggested he may have taken part in a doping test.
A US aircraft carrier that President Donald Trump said was heading to North Korea is actually heading to the Western Pacific, the Pentagon has said.
A man and his son have been released on bail after appearing in court charged with the murder of a man in the Republic of Ireland.
The Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) for Bedfordshire has said he is looking at the possibility of closing some police stations and replacing them with community centres in public areas such as supermarkets.
Ivo Karlovic produced a dominant performance to beat Novak Djokovic 6-4 6-2 and reach the semi-finals of the Madrid Open.
A study is to be carried out to find out how a new bridge over the River Thames could ease traffic congestion in Oxfordshire.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Pedro from Benfica for an undisclosed fee.
The Great North Run is taking place on Sunday, with more than 20,000 runners taking to the streets of the North of England.
Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford was once turned down by League Two side Crewe Alexandra, according to the club's academy manager Lee Collins.
The brother of former Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has gone on trial accused of corruption over the discovery of a weapons cache off the country's coast.
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended a satirical election campaign ad that has caused a political controversy after it was released in the wake of the Orlando shooting.
The NHS in England is to cap the number of expensive drugs it can offer to patients at £20m a year, under new plans.
Jordan Clark scored his first goal of the season as Accrington ended Bradford's unbeaten start to the League Two season with victory at Valley Parade.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty, according to a new report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex fast bowler Harry Podmore on a month's loan.
Stourbridge manager Keith Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round win over League Two Northampton Town is the biggest achievement in the club's history.
Uefa's Europa League match between Lyon and Besiktas had to be abandoned before kick-off because of crowd trouble.
Millions of savers who have savings of more than £75,000 in a single account may not be protected, the Financial Conduct Authority has warned.
Bournemouth have re-signed midfielder Luke Surman on a season-long loan from Norwich City.
Hearts have signed Prince Buaben as one of five new signings ahead of the new Scottish Premiership season.
Wales Under-20s secured their first win of the Junior World Cup with a hard-fought victory over Italy in Cardiff.
Gardaí (Irish police) investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing 14 years ago have begun a search of woodland in Dublin.
Arsenal Ladies have signed a new three-year deal with Boreham Wood Town Ladies, with the Women's Super League One club set to play at The Hive for the next two seasons.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has signed a new five-year sponsorship deal with Under Armour.
Formula 1 bosses have reached an agreement on the future of the double points rule.
Ed Miliband has said he wants to "put the interests of business first" as he set out his party's vision for the UK's relationship with the European Union.
Leicester Tigers head coach Danny Murphy says he is confident his side can challenge Premiership leaders Saracens in the Anglo-Welsh Cup final on Saturday.
Eastleigh and Macclesfield played out a goalless draw in the National League.
Two brothers from Northern Ireland have been jailed for a total of five years after admitting to a number of drugs offences, including possession of cocaine with intent to supply.
The British teenager behind the news-summarisation app Summly, which was acquired by Yahoo last year, has revealed plans to bring the product to smartwatches.
Liverpool will hope to have forward Roberto Firmino back in contention after he suffered a hamstring injury in the defeat by Crystal Palace.
The Queen can do a Norfolk accent, according to the cousin of the Queen.
A man has handed himself in to police after a siege at a Royal Bank of Scotland branch in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with an attempted murder in Paisley.
David Scott has resigned as British swimming's performance director following a review into the team's failure to reach its targets at the London 2012 Olympics.
Singapore's Joseph Schooling won his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as he beat Michael Phelps in the men's 100m freestyle final.
A seven-year-old boy has applied to be the Football Association's next England manager.
An MP has called for a "complete review" of the Dangerous Dogs Act following the death of a toddler who was mauled to death by a dog that had not been banned.
Former world number one Steve Davis lost 10-3 to Scotland's Martin Clements in the first round of World Championship qualifying in Sheffield.
A man in his 20s has been raped in west Belfast.
Two women have been taken to hospital after being rescued by the coastguard from the sea off the Isle of Wight.
A dog had to be freed from the back of a chair after its head became stuck in the mechanism, the RSPCA has said.
The owners of an animalarium in Ceredigion have been fined more than £1,000 for failing to register the sale and display of endangered animals.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has confirmed that Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of its most senior media managers, has been killed.
A man has been jailed for killing his partner by punching her on a platform at a Dorset railway station.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus at a Translink depot in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash at the Isle of Man TT races has been named by police as Noel Baker.
Valtteri Bottas could join Jenson Button at Williams next season should the Finn leave McLaren in 2016, BBC Sport understands.
Bond star Sean Connery wanted actor Roger Moore to avoid any comparisons to his predecessor, Sir Roger Moore has revealed.
Thousands of elderly people in Scotland are waiting too long for council care services to be put in place, according to a charity.
People are being asked to report sightings of wild rabbits and hares across the UK as part of a national atlas of mammals.
Four people have admitted selling hundreds of sick and abandoned puppies for up to £300,000, a court has heard.
Four British men have appeared in court in connection with an alleged plot to free the leader of a radical Islamist group in Iraq.
Amazon has launched its Prime Video service in the UK, with a line-up of TV channels such as ITV and Discovery.
The Office for Fair Trading (OFT) has lifted a ban on discount hotel room deals offered by some of the UK's biggest online travel websites.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell on Thursday, with shares in oil and gas exploration and production company BG Group down more than 7% after the company reported disappointing results.
Taylor Swift's song Shake It Off will not feature in this year's Triple J Hottest 100.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats are in talks with the owners of the club's Belle Vue stadium about taking back ownership of the ground, says chief executive Martin Carter.
Prince William has said he does not "lie awake at night waiting to be king" and that he takes his royal duties "very seriously".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has said the 'deflate-gate' scandal has been a "disaster" for the National Football League after being cleared to play this season.
Japanese messaging app Line plans to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange (NTSE) from next year.
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague's breast and tried to kiss her has been suspended for two years.
A council has been accused of being "hell-bent" on closing a community sports centre which could cost up to Â£8m to repair.
The body of the Russian ambassador to Greece has been found in his Athens apartment, days after the country's ambassador to Turkey was assassinated.
Renault has told Formula 1 engine suppliers Red Bull that it will no longer supply them next year.
Belfast City Council has said the BBC could move to a site to the rear of Belfast Central Library.
A man and his dog had to be rescued from a tree after becoming stuck in a tree as they tried to rescue their pet.
Thieves are stealing thousands of pounds worth of goods from an industrial estate in Wolverhampton, prompting a police investigation.
An Indian official's statement that a man who stares at a woman for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted has sparked a debate on social media.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to return to Strictly Come Dancing later this year, despite falling off the dance floor.
The UK is to extend free trade agreements with the world's poorest countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed woman has completed the Great North Run in a robotic exoskeleton.
At least two people have been killed in an attack on the National Directorate of Security (NDS) building near the US embassy in central Kabul, Afghan officials say.
Rising property prices in China's capital, Beijing, have pushed the average price of a home to an all-time high of more than 7,000 yuan (Â£1,000; $1,200).
Two more arrests have been made in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed to death in his Derbyshire home five years ago.
South African President Jacob Zuma should step down, the Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF) has said in a statement.
A ban on the use of e-cigarettes will be introduced in Wales next year, the Welsh Government has announced.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has backed Raheem Sterling's decision not to sign a new contract with the Premier League champions.
The BBC's Priti Gupta looks at what it's like to work into your 60s, 70s and 80s in some of the world's biggest cities.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Thursday, with the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 closing at record highs, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Great Britain will host the European Blind and visually-impaired Judo Championships for the first time next month.
Staffordshire's County Hospital has been rated as "inadequate" for how well it is caring for patients.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is "disappointed" by the Rugby Football Union's decision to replace him with Gregor Townsend.
Facebook has been ordered by a German data watchdog to stop it from sharing users' personal data with its parent company.
Actor Matthew Perry will not appear in a Friends reunion special next month, according to his publicist.
Wales have been praised for their "fantastic performance" at Euro 2016, despite losing to Portugal in the final of the tournament.
Members of the Muslim community are visiting mosques across the UK to "de-mystify" Islam and "break down barriers", a Muslim group has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by speculation linking him with the England manager's job.
The G20 has warned that a UK exit from the European Union would cause an economic "economic shock" to the world economy.
A former soldier who was awarded the Queen's Medal for bravery has said he is struggling to cope with the effects of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
US presidential candidate Donald Trump has sparked a backlash after saying he may not be able to stop Hillary Clinton from trying to abolish the Second Amendment.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has launched a campaign urging students to vote against the Liberal Democrats in the general election.
The new Metropolitan Police commissioner for England and Wales has said he is "extremely concerned" about the human trafficking of Nigerian women and children to the UK.
Sitting too much can make people's cells age faster, even as they get older, a study suggests.
Turkish police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse thousands of protesters in Istanbul and other cities, hours after a strike by public sector workers.
House prices in Northern Ireland have risen for the fourth quarter in a row, according to new figures.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme, according to author Neil Harris, who has called for the corporation to "give back" to authors.
An MP's chief of staff has appeared in court charged with the rape of a woman at the Houses of Parliament.
A fire has broken out at a secondary school where GCSE exam results were due to be collected.
Worcester Warriors full-back Stuart Hogg says playing on a 4G pitch will give his side an "added advantage" when they return to Sixways next season.
(Close): London's leading shares ended the day lower, as investors remained cautious ahead of the UK's general election on Thursday.
A Los Angeles hospital in the US state of California has paid a ransom of $17,000 (Â£11,000) after being hit by a ransomware attack.
British eventing rider Emily Gilruth has been moved out of intensive care following a fall at this year's Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Scottish aid worker murdered by Islamic State militants in Syria has said he thought the day his brother appeared in a recruitment video was the "worst day of my life".
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to chair a new Commons committee to examine the future of the job of House of Commons clerk.
A teenage cabin crew attendant has taken up a job with Orkney-based airline Loganair, where her mother was born on an air ambulance.
Jeremy Corbyn has been accused of being "out of touch" for comparing the death of Osama Bin Laden to the 9/11 attacks.
Angelina Jolie is to star in a film about conservationist John Leakey, who has been described as "one of the greatest conservationists of the 21st Century".
The BBC has confirmed that it's losing the rights to the hit animated comedy Family Guy.
Wreaths will be laid across the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell have topped the Sunday Times rich list for the second year in a row, with a combined fortune of £730m.
Former drug smuggler Howard Marks, best known for his autobiography Mr Nice, has died at the age of 72.
Somerset director of cricket Steve Rogers says he has no regrets after his side lost to Middlesex by two wickets in the final match of the season.
Scotland's new Finance Secretary John Swinney has been preparing for his first budget since taking office last month.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not decide whether to strip Sir Jimmy Savile of his knighthood.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho and Chelsea counterpart Antonio Conte went head-to-head for the first time on Saturday.
Alloa Athletic manager John Goodwin says he took himself out of the team at the start of the season because he could not justify playing himself.
Claudio Ranieri's reign as Leicester City manager has been described as "the greatest thing that has happened in the history of the Premier League".
The death of a man who tested positive for measles has been ruled out as a suspected case of the disease, Public Health Wales has said.
A neo-Nazi accused of posting online comments about the murder of Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he "probably did agree" with the man who killed her.
MPs have voted in favour of a bill paving the way for the UK to begin the process of leaving the European Union, despite a Labour rebellion.
The government has "swallowed a line" in its response to concerns about business rates rises, an MP has said.
Dover climbed into the National League play-off places with a 2-0 victory over Guiseley at the Crabble.
Derbyshire seam bowler Tom Taylor has signed a new one-year contract with the county until the end of the 2017 season.
A firefighter has described the rescue of the victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash as the "most technical rescue of his career".
South Africa's competition commission has accused the country's biggest banks of colluding to manipulate the rand against the US dollar.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the "near future" after missing out on a place in Team GB's Olympic squad.
More than 100 drivers a day have been caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in Neath Port Talbot since new speed cameras went into operation.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of herbal cannabis plants with an estimated street value of up to £1m in County Londonderry.
Russia's upper house of the Russian parliament is debating two bills that would allow Ukraine's breakaway regions of Crimea and Sevastopol to join the Russian Federation.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said there is "much to be proud of" in Scotland's education system.
A van driver has been threatened with a knife during a robbery in Edinburgh city centre.
A former soldier has been jailed after police found a stash of weapons and ammunition at his home.
A new unisex toilet is to open in Shanghai, China's first of its kind in the country, officials say.
It's the kind of story that makes headlines in the world over - a high-ranking member of the German government accused of treason.
Tim Peake, the British astronaut heading to the International Space Station (ISS) this week, is taking part in a series of experiments that will help improve our understanding of how humans cope in space.
Defender Kyle Bartley says Leeds United head coach Pep Guardiola has been a key factor in their improvement in recent weeks.
The Scottish government has approved plans to demolish large parts of the main stand at Tynecastle and replace them with a new one.
Brilon is the kind of place where Angela Merkel would like to be right now.
Russia's ambassador to Ukraine has accused the US of trying to destabilise the country by arming the opposition, as President Vladimir Putin heads to Sochi for talks.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled the Welsh government has the power to set minimum wages for agricultural workers.
Liam Payne has said that One Direction fans are the "the real Heros" after the band announced they are staying together.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has referred to a constitutional review committee a bill that would allow women to have safe abortions.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called on African leaders to end the country's dependence on foreign aid.
Stevenage have signed Christian Christensen on a season-long loan from Championship side Fulham.
A former Miami Dolphins football player has been rescued after spending the night in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean after his boat broke down.
Northern Ireland's most senior police officer has said he is disappointed that a deal on the legacy of the Troubles has not been reached.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is marking the 50th anniversary of the first time The Beatles played there.
British number two Heather Watson and number three Naomi Broady both lost in straight sets in the first round of the Nottingham Open.
Thailand's former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been formally charged in connection with a rice subsidy scheme that cost the state billions of dollars.
Ed Miliband has said he wants to be the first politician in a generation to "under-promise and over-deliver" after unveiling a stone tablet containing his election pledges.
Scottish Borders Council has moved a step closer to a multi-million pound shake-up of education services in the area of Jedburgh.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his chicken impression, has died at the age of 91.
Crawley ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with a comfortable victory over struggling Leyton Orient.
The family of a boy with special needs have appealed for information after his iPad was stolen from his bedroom.
UK economic growth is likely to slow sharply this year and next, a leading economic forecaster has warned.
A new group of street vendors are offering free guided walking tours of Edinburgh.
The families of two inmates who took their own lives at a prison in Buckinghamshire have lost a bid to have a judicial review of the authorities' handling of suicidal inmates.
What do you remember about the devastating 7.3-magnitude earthquake that hit Nepal in May 2015?
The Dark Knight Rises has received a five-star review from the Daily Telegraph, The Mirror and The Guardian, with the Daily Mail also giving it five stars.
National League side Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Chris Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The line-up for this year's Bestival on the Isle of Wight has been announced - and it's all female.
(Close): London's benchmark share index fell for a second day in a row, dragged down by mining shares.
More than 4,000 athletes at the Rio Olympics had no record of drugs testing in 2016, a report has found.
A group of Muslim leaders in Washington DC has been evacuated after a suspicious package containing a white powder was delivered to their office.
A man has been charged with the murder of a mother-of-two whose body was found at a house in Kent.
One of China's richest men, Zhou Chengjian, has gone missing for several days.
The BBC has a reputation for being very good at keeping secrets.
The Welsh Government should speed up the introduction of an electronic prescribing system, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Royal Mail has reported a sharp falls in half-year profits and revenues as it continues to struggle to cut costs.
A community group in the Highlands is appealing for help to raise funds to pay for the cost of a new river crossing.
The German press has a message for Britain: Don't vote to leave the European Union.
A nurse who posted sexually explicit comments on Facebook to a colleague has been sacked for "degrading and humiliating" behaviour.
A new Nigerian-produced stage musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has been accused of "hiding behind" a so-called "safe harbour" provision of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act in response to criticism from the music industry.
The BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has found out how a woman has been scammed out of £50,000 after her email account was hacked.
A woman has been taken to hospital after the car she was driving hit a tree in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have recreated the life of one of the biggest dinosaurs ever - the sauropod Argentinosaurus huinculensis.
Chile's foreign minister has urged Venezuela to release a Chilean-Venezuelan journalist who has been detained for more than a week.
Dogs could be banned from beaches under plans to make it easier for owners to pick up after their pets, Aberdeenshire Council has said.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Friday after the latest jobs figures showed the US economy added more jobs than expected in November.
Up to 100 World War Two Bomber Command veterans could be living in the area where a new centre is being built to commemorate the sacrifices of those who served during the conflict.
Motorists are being warned to expect delays on the roads this Easter weekend as millions head to the roads for the bank holiday weekend.
At least 18 people have died after a bus crashed into the back of a lorry and burst into flames, German police say.
Sussex seam bowler Matt Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a stress fracture of his back.
England slumped to a crushing nine-wicket Twenty20 defeat by Pakistan at Old Trafford, losing by nine wickets with two balls to spare.
A plaque has been unveiled in Wigan to commemorate the life of a teacher who was murdered in her own home town.
Nicola Sturgeon has pledged to work with Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood "in the best interests of our two countries".
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after a train guard was spat at on board a train.
A court in India has sentenced a former minister to life in jail for her role in the 2002 Gujarat riots.
The Bangladeshi authorities have released the names of some of the men they believe to be the gunmen who carried out the deadly attack on a cafe on Friday.
Conor McGregor is set to wear 8oz gloves in his boxing debut against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on 26 August after signing a document allowing him to do so.
An Australian court has ordered internet service providers (ISPs) to hand over details of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood movie.
Wigan Warriors half-back Ben Flower has been banned for two matches after being sent off for an elbow to the head of Catalans Dragons' Gareth Widdop in their Super League match on Saturday.
Nasa has unveiled its plan to send humans to Mars.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard were the biggest fallers on the S&P 500 after the company reported a sharp fall in quarterly profits.
Nigeria's military says it has regained control of four camps in the north-eastern Borno state from the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Israel has postponed a vote on approving hundreds of new homes in Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem.
Former Netherlands captain Patrick Kluivert made his first appearance of the season as Ajax beat bottom club PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie.
The number of UK house sales fell to their lowest level in more than a year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley head coach Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the League One club.
La La Land, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, has won the People's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival.
Firefighters from Hampshire have set a new world record by cooking the world's heaviest naan.
Edinburgh is gearing up for the start of its annual three-week celebration of the arts.
A 15-year-old boy who raped and sexually abused girls he met on social media has been detained for two years.
The entire board of the Vatican bank is to be replaced, the Holy See has announced.
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership, a week before the party's leadership contest, a new poll suggests.
Thailand's Senate has voted against a bill that would have granted amnesty to supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
JP Morgan is planning to move up to 1,000 jobs out of London as part of its European expansion plans after the UK leaves the European Union.
Britain's Greg Rutherford produced a scintillating performance to win the men's long jump at the Great City Games in Manchester.
Overfeeding babies and young children may be putting them at increased risk of obesity, research suggests.
Northern Ireland's first and deputy first ministers have been nominated for the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
A woman who was denied a life-extending treatment for breast cancer has said she felt like "a bear protecting her cubs" when she was told she would not be able to have it.
Tranmere Rovers moved up to second in the National League table with a comfortable win at Dover Athletic.
Blackpool owners Owen and Karl Oyston have been told to pay damages to a fan who accused them of "threatening and defamatory" comments on social media.
Britain's Chris Froome will become the first man to win three Tour de France titles after finishing third on the penultimate stage of the race in Montpellier.
Charles Rennie Mackintosh, who designed Glasgow School of Art's iconic Mackintosh House, has died at the age of 95.
Queen of the South have signed Motherwell winger Dom Thomas on loan until the end of the season and Dumbarton midfielder Joe Thomson on a permanent deal.
Three more men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Stephen McIlhagga.
The search and salvage operation to refloat the stricken oil rig Herakles is due to resume on Wednesday.
A collection of war medals belonging to a 92-year-old World War Two veteran have been stolen from his home.
The use of fireworks displays in people's back gardens are "rubbish", a Conservative MP has said.
Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are locked in a tight race for the Republican nomination for the party's nomination.
A priest who claims he was sexually abused as a child by a vicar in the 1980s has lodged a complaint against the Archbishop of York and three former bishops of South Yorkshire.
Most jockeys are opposed to the idea of racing on Good Friday for the first time, according to the president of the British Jockeys' Association.
More women should be encouraged to apply for and take up public roles and appointments, according to a new report.
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal after the Gunners' pre-season tour of Australia.
The family of one of the Paris attackers killed in the 13 November attacks have buried him in a secret ceremony, French media report.
Defending champion Sergio Garcia shot a five-under-par 66 to lie two shots off the lead after the first round of the BMW Masters.
Ruweyda is one of the few children in her class who doesn't play any instruments.
Two bottles of whisky salvaged from one of the most famous shipwrecks of the 20th Century may not have been officially recorded, according to the National Trust for Scotland.
An archaeological dig in Wiltshire has unearthed the UK's earliest Mesolithic settlement, dating back to the Neolithic, according to an archaeologist.
Every household in the UK would lose at least £850 a year in income if the UK leaves the European Union, according to a new report.
Wolves ended Leeds United's hopes of reaching the Championship play-offs with victory at Elland Road.
Hollywood actress Jennifer Lawrence has spoken out about why she signed a deal with Sony Pictures, saying she did so because she did not want to seem "difficult" or "spoiled".
The son of a powerboat racer who was seriously injured when his boat crashed into a buoy on the Hamble River in Southampton has been released from hospital.
Scientists are warning of a glacial lake forming on one of the world's most famous glaciers.
BBC Sport takes a look at some of the key stories of the week in the world of sport.
Pope Francis has pardoned a priest who was jailed for leaking confidential documents from the Vatican, in a repeat of the so-called Vatileaks scandal.
The stars of the new Star Trek film, Star Trek Beyond, have spoken out in support of the character Hikaru Sulu's inclusion as a gay character.
Voting has ended in the Scottish and London mayoral and assembly elections, while the SNP has retained control of the Scottish Parliament.
The work and pensions secretary has defended welfare reforms aimed at helping disabled people to get back to work.
Eugene has defended its decision to award the 2021 World Championships to the Swedish city of Gothenburg.
Boris Johnson has said he will not resign as an MP if the Conservatives back plans for a third runway at Heathrow Airport.
Torquay United boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from the National League with victory over fellow strugglers Kidderminster Harriers.
A newly-elected minister in Myanmar (also known as Burma) has resigned after being caught with a fake PhD on his CV.
An inquest into the death of a boy who was shot in the head by a soldier has been told there is a "significant risk" to the health of the former soldier who fired the rubber bullet.
The BBC is to return to a more traditional format for this year's Wimbledon highlights show, after a series of "formulaic" format changes.
A group of homeowners may have to pay hundreds of thousands of pounds to repair a flood defence wall that collapsed last year.
A County Armagh man who defrauded a bank out of £250,000 to pay off a mortgage and buy a property in England has been jailed for two years.
Marcus Rashford scored an injury-time winner to give Manchester United their first Premier League win of the season at Hull City.
Argentina have sacked coach Edgardo Bauza after failing to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Kathleen Pomsel, the former secretary of Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels during World War Two, has died at the age of 106.
Nato has condemned a Russian military incursion into its airspace that locked its radar on to Turkish aircraft over the Syrian-Turkish border on Saturday.
Swansea City have paid for supporters' tickets for the final two games of the Premier League season, with captain Leon Britton leading the charge.
A truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, has killed at least 42 people and injured more than 100 others, officials say.
A woman who died after being admitted to hospital with blood poisoning and sepsis was not given the "best chance of survival", an inquest has heard.
A Powys council member has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him for three months.
Curzon is to receive the Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema Award at this year's Bafta Film Awards.
Braintree Town manager Keith Cowley says his side's 1-0 defeat by Barrow is their "toughest challenge" of the season despite a strong second-half performance at Holker Street.
World number one Dominika Cibulkova and world number one Angelique Kerber will meet in the final of the WTA Finals in Singapore on Sunday.
Councils should consider selling off council houses in the most expensive parts of the UK to fund affordable housing, the government has said.
Guernsey have won back-to-back table tennis gold medals for the first time in the competition's history after beating Gotland 3-1 in the final of the Island Games.
(Close): The FTSE 250 index closed higher, with shares in Carillion leading the way after the construction giant announced it had appointed a new chief executive.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
Lord Sugar, the head of BBC Two's The Apprentice, has said he would like to see a spin-off series of the reality TV show, called Dragons' Den.
The father of Jules Bianchi, the Marussia Formula 1 driver who suffered life-threatening injuries in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix, says he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man whose body was found in a park in Leeds.
At least 11 people have been killed and dozens of people injured in an explosion and fire at an oil pipeline in central Mexico, officials say.
A British boxer has been given a suspended prison sentence after he admitted assaulting his girlfriend.
Five churches in Shropshire and three in Herefordshire have received grants of more than £500,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
At least one person has been killed in a suspected chemical attack on a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, according to reports.
Britain's Andy Murray won his second Olympic gold medal by beating Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in the men's singles final at Rio 2016.
This is the story of Arthur, a cocker spaniel who was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a rescue centre in New Zealand.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have received a warm welcome from Canada's governor general as they began their first official visit to the country.
Wales Air Ambulance is to carry new incubators for newborn babies on board its helicopters for the first time, the charity Babypods has announced.
A robin has returned to its nest at Loch Lomond Wildlife Reserve in Perthshire for the first time in two years.
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to become the first patron of a rape support charity, it has been announced.
In the wake of the latest scandal to rock the business world, it is easy to forget how many companies have been in the news in the past few weeks.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
Luke Donald has been named as the new ambassador of the British Masters at The Grove, the new home of the European Tour event, which will take place at Woburn's Royal Birkdale in 2017.
Bristol City have held talks with former Watford defender Martin Olsson about a potential move to Ashton Gate, says head coach Lee Johnson.
The Monaco Grand Prix is one of the most iconic events in Formula 1 history - but for Northern Ireland's Jonathan Rea, it was where it all began.
The US has carried out a drone strike in Yemen in an attempt to kill one of al-Qaeda's most senior leaders, according to US media reports.
A man accused of murdering a Denbighshire man has told a court he banged on his victim's car window with a knife because he wanted to "be scared".
Plans to redevelop a former gay and lesbian (LGBT) pub into flats have been given the go-ahead after a council agreed to give the landlord first refusal on a lease for a new bar.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has fined Michael Conlan, Joe Fowler and Joe Donnelly £10,000 each for breaching rules on betting on boxing events at the Rio 2016 Games.
The justice secretary has become the latest cabinet minister to join the campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
As the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Dunkirk is marked, BBC News takes a look at the experiences of some of the men who helped save hundreds of thousands of men from Nazi concentration camps in World War Two.
The head teacher of a primary school in Lincolnshire is paying for his entire staff to take a 'duvet day' at the end of term.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban the country's Paralympic team from next month's Games.
The future of a Powys town's library is to be handed over to a secondary school next year.
A powerful earthquake has struck south-east Japan, hours after a powerful 7.2-magnitude quake struck the same area as the one that killed dozens of people in the southern island of Kumamoto.
Fire crews have tackled a large blaze at a recycling centre in Greater Manchester.
A former Lavey GAA star has appeared in court accused of stealing more than £500,000 from a County Londonderry company.
A new community centre has opened in Llandaff, Conwy county.
Nato has been accused of failing to investigate the deaths of civilians killed in air strikes in Libya last year, according to a new report.
An academic symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo murders in Paris has been cancelled due to security concerns.
Plans to build a "vertical" pier in a Teesside town have been approved by the county council.
Mo Farah set a new world record to win the Great North Run for the first time in the men's half marathon at the London Marathon.
The UN mediator in Syria, Staffan de Mistura, has said he expects formal peace talks between the warring parties to resume on Monday.
Chris and Gabby Adcock are aiming to become the first English badminton players to win a world title at the World Championships in Glasgow next month.
A teenager has been arrested in connection with an attempted armed robbery in west Belfast.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the Pentagon for failing to open combat units to women.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced that he was to step down as head of the Roman Catholic Church, it came as a surprise to many observers.
Mae cynghorau lleol yng Nghymru wnaeth ymateb eu bod yn wynebu'r sefyllfa am weithwyr, yn ôl cynnydd yn eu gwmnïau gofal.
The fire service is investigating why it took 15 minutes for the first engine to arrive at the scene of a blaze in Suffolk.
Sam Warburton says Wales will have to "take risks" when they take on New Zealand in Saturday's Test series opener in Auckland.
Cole Stockton scored the only goal of the game as Tranmere ended a run of three straight defeats by beating Dover at Prenton Park.
Grimsby ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with victory over Accrington, thanks to goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers.
Kenyan election officials have had to drive hundreds of kilometres to Nairobi to collect the results of dozens of constituencies where spoiled ballots have not been counted.
Russian police have carried out raids in St Petersburg and Montenegro on suspected members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult, Russian media report.
Victoria Sumgong won Kenya's first Olympic women's marathon gold medal as Bahrain's Nafissat Tufa finished second behind compatriot Mary Kirwa in Rio.
A man from Moray has been reunited with the car he sold for Â£15 more than 40 years ago after it turned up in America.
Katarina Pavey produced a masterclass to win Great Britain's first women's European 800m gold medal at the age of 37.
The BBC News NI investigation into the Renewable Heating Incentive (RHI) scheme has found that applications for the scheme rose by a third between September and November last year.
Peter Morgan, who has been found guilty of murdering his long-term girlfriend Georgina Symonds, has been sentenced to life in prison.
A new helmet designed to protect cricketers after the death of Australian Test cricketer Phillip Hughes in 2014 has gone on sale.
Mae dyn wedi euog o achosi ei marwolaeth trwy yrru'n beryglus a chyhuddiad o fygwth, yn ôl ei gartref ei chariad.
Millwall booked their place in the League One play-off final by holding promotion-chasing Bradford City to a draw at The Den.
A fly-tipper has been fined Â£1,000 after he dumped more than 1,000 tonnes of rubbish on a main road.
A new species of gecko has been discovered in Madagascar that is able to rip off its own tail when attacked.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest chipmaker, has reached a $7.5bn (Â£5.1bn) settlement with China's competition regulator after the US firm was fined $6.7bn for violating anti-monopoly laws.
Morocco coach Herve Renard is aiming to become the first coach to win the Africa Cup of Nations three times as the Moroccans begin the defence of their title in Sao Tome e Principe.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says Gordon Strachan would not swap left-back Kieran Tierney for any other player in Scotland's squad.
Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has gone straight to number one in the UK singles chart, beating Ed Sheeran to the top spot.
More than a quarter of A-level students in some parts of England are studying in schools outside their boroughs, according to analysis of council data.
EastEnders has been named best soap at the Royal Television Society (RTS) awards, with Emmerdale winning best soap of the year.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of £500,000 have been found in the back of a warehouse in Glasgow.
The deportation of a Cardiff University student would be "inhumane", the National Union of Students (NUS) has said.
Police are investigating claims a Cardiff college may have colluded with prospective students to defraud the student finance system by falsifying academic records.
A Canadian man has been arrested after allegedly trying to smuggle drugs across the US-Canada border.
A piece of rocket wreckage found washed up on the Isles of Scilly is to be donated to the US company that built it, it has emerged.
The mother of toddler Caylee Anthony, who went missing five years ago and was found dead in a Florida swimming pool, has spoken out for the first time since being released from prison.
South Korea's government has said North Korea has been paying wages to its workers at a jointly run industrial complex in the South Korean port city of Kaesong.
Manchester City have been fined £50,000 for breaching anti-doping rules.
A man has appeared in court charged with the rape of a three-year-old boy at a nursery in Birmingham.
More than half of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas spending, according to a BBC survey.
England's hopes of reaching the knockout stages of Euro 2016 suffered a major blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia in their final match of the group stage.
A student who lost her prosthetic hand in a night out has said she is trying to find out where it could have gone.
Pako Ayestaran has been appointed Valencia head coach on a two-and-a-half-year deal following the departure of former England boss Gary Neville.
A dog found shot in the head with a crossbow bolt embedded in his head is making a "miracle recovery", the RSPCA has said.
US officials believe hackers may have accessed background information on up to 14 million US government workers, US media report.
The German government should consider raising the retirement age to 69, the country's central bank, the Bundesbank, says.
Newly-promoted Premiership side Bath have signed two young British and Irish Lions players on one-year contracts.
Netherlands' Marianne Vos won the Tour of Britain for the second time in three days as Dutch rider Amy Pieters claimed victory in the second stage of the women's road race.
The M1 motorway in County Armagh has reopened after being closed following a two-vehicle crash in the early hours of Sunday.
The nominees for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2013 will be announced on Tuesday, with the show returning to Yorkshire for the first time in 60 years.
The Northern Ireland Executive Office has defended its decision to appoint a journalist as its new press secretary, despite criticism from opposition parties.
Two youths have been treated in hospital for minor burns after a bonfire caught fire in Stirling.
For the past few years, men's tennis has been enjoying one of the best seasons in the history of the sport, with the number of top players on the ATP World Tour reaching record levels.
A search is under way to find the remains of a Pembrokeshire seaside village which was lost to the sea in the 1960s.
Scarlets moved off the bottom of the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park.
As Syrian government forces prepare to launch a major offensive against Islamic State (IS) targets in the north-east of the country, speculation is growing that Iran may be involved in the war.
Ian Poulter is one shot off the lead after two rounds of the Made in Denmark event at Royal Birkdale.
The general election campaign has been described as the "hard hat election" - and it's easy to see why.
Two Welsh cities are bidding to become UK Capital of Culture next year.
Lloyds Banking Group, the UK's third biggest bank, has been sold to Blackrock for just over Â£1.5bn.
Typhoon Chan-hom has made landfall in China's eastern Zhejiang province, bringing torrential rain and forcing hundreds of flights to be cancelled.
Scientists have created synthetic DNA molecules that mimic the functions of DNA and RNA, in the lab and in the laboratory.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu, a former government minister and member of the opposition, considers why Kenya is once again on the brink of civil war.
Authorities in the US state of North Dakota say they have arrested more than 200 people protesting against a controversial oil pipeline project.
A Japanese boy who went missing after his parents briefly left him alone on a mountain road as a punishment for throwing stones has been found safe and well.
The family of L/Bdr Ben Parkinson, who carried the Olympic flame for the first time, have said they are "gobsmacked" by the response to his nomination to carry the flame.
Northampton Town's Callum Toney says he is adapting well to life away from Northampton Town, having returned to the club for the first time since his mother's death.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the attempted murder of a police officer at Heathrow Airport, Scotland Yard has said.
A teenager has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death on Teesside.
Authorities in the US state of Arizona say they have broken up a huge Mexican drug smuggling network that made billions of dollars smuggling drugs across the border.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Joe Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region by the end of the decade, according to a new report from the International Monetary Fund.
A woman has been found guilty of making and having a pipe bomb in her home in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have retaken full control of Mosul's international airport from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, Iraqi officials say, as they continue their offensive to retake western Mosul.
Chinese conglomerate Fosun International has made a bid for the Portuguese healthcare firm ESS, the country's biggest private sector acquisition this year.
"It's like trying to stop the tide coming in."
Joe Clarke made his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by an innings and 88 runs at New Road.
Saracens are ready to "write a new chapter" in the club's history after winning the Premiership and European Champions Cup last season, says captain Mike Barritt.
The wife of a millionaire from Exeter has been found guilty of the "unlawful" murder of her husband, an inquest has heard.
The Twelfth of July features on the front pages of The News Letter, The Irish News and The Belfast Telegraph.
William Shakespeare is one of Shakespeare's most famous works of literature, but many people don't know that he wrote it.
Kirsty Inglis has woken from a coma in a hospital in Thailand after being seriously injured in an accident in Vietnam.
Mae'r Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm llynedd yn yr etholiad cyffredinol yng Nghymru, yn ôl Plaid Cymru.
Jockey Ryan Moore will be out of action for the rest of the season after being advised by a specialist to have a "complete rest" because of a hamstring injury.
Plans to set up a travellers' site in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
A Spanish court has begun hearing the trial of former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Rodrigo Rato and two former Bankia board members accused of embezzling millions of euros of public funds.
A statue of jockey AP McCoy has been unveiled at Cheltenham Festival to mark the 20th anniversary of his most successful season.
The former Progressive Unionist Party (PUP) chairman, William "Plum" Smith, has died at the age of 72.
Three cyclists have withdrawn from the Russian cycling team for the Rio Olympics, the sport's governing body says.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has reaffirmed her support for Egypt's new Muslim Brotherhood president, as she visited the country for the first time.
A man whose body was found at the bottom of an excavator has been named by police.
Nato has expressed "deep concern" over reports that Russia has deployed a cruise missile system to its Baltic region of Kaliningrad.
Wigan Warriors have signed half-back Sam Hopkins from Leigh Centurions for the remainder of the season.
Oxford United and Newport County played out a goalless draw at Rodney Parade in League Two.
A new system allowing trainee doctors to take part in consultations in real-time has been launched in a bid to encourage more young people to take up the profession.
Keanu Reeves talks about his new documentary, Side by Side, a look at the impact digital film is having on the way Hollywood films are being made.
A "photobomb" peacock has been captured on camera at a railway station in north Wales.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino says he will not allow any of his players to live outside of the club next season.
A Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to a charge of making and possessing indecent images of children.
Swedish retail giant H&M is to launch a new Scandinavian-style clothing and accessories brand in London and other European cities next year.
The winner of a competition to produce the world's heaviest tomato will be revealed at a North Yorkshire flower show next week.
An online film about refugee and a Shakespeare special are among the nominees for this year's Bafta Children's Awards.
Brugge have won the Belgian title for the first time in 11 years after beating Anderlecht in the final game of the season, while Benfica secured the Portuguese league title.
The Bank of England is to test the resilience of the UK's biggest banks against a new "five-year scenario" of a global economic turndown.
Paris St-Germain have completed the signing of Roma defender Marquinhos for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £7m.
A 28-year-old man has been charged in connection with the collapse of a pedestrian bridge on the M25 in Kent.
A two-bedroom house has been destroyed in a fire in Aberdeenshire.
The mother of a British man who admitted trying to shoot US President-elect Donald Trump has said her son is "terrified" of his sentence.
Apple has been accused of breaching the terms of its forthcoming news app by some publishers who have signed up to the service.
Cyber-bullying needs to be tackled in the same way as physical abuse, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking so-called "mind-altering" ecstasy in Paisley suffered the equivalent of being kicked like a horse or driving at speed in a car without a seatbelt, an inquiry has heard.
A gas pipe has been damaged in a suspected arson attack on a house in West Lothian in the middle of the night.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes against militant hideouts in the north-west of the country, days after a deadly attack on an international airport.
President Donald Trump has been ordered to release the names of visitors he has had at his New Jersey golf resort, after a judge ordered the records to be made public.
All images are copyrighted by Getty Images and Getty Images.
A man has been jailed for eight years for assaulting a woman in a Kent street in June 2014.
Miniaturised kits that can "hack" a person's nerves and control their body's response to sugar in the bloodstream have been developed in the UK.
A 10-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after a motorcyclist was killed in a crash with a car in east London.
Police searching for a man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than 24 hours have made a fresh appeal for information.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has ruled that Labour is still the official opposition.
One of the UK's largest asset managers, Alliance Trust, has been left out of the stock market's formal takeover procedures after an activist investor decided not to make an offer.
Munster held Edinburgh to a draw in a pulsating Pro12 encounter at Murrayfield, with a last-gasp drop-goal from Matt Keatley salvaging a draw.
(Close): Shares in Marks & Spencer slumped after the company said its planned takeover of wholesaler Booker had been put on hold.
The price of both oil and gas have jumped as worries about Europe's energy supplies continue to rattle investors.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says defender Christophe Berra is the best defender in the Championship this season.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to decide which cockpit head protection design will be used in the 2017 season.
Lithium salts have the potential to extend the lifespan of people with conditions such as Parkinson's disease, according to a study.
More than 100 children from the Jungle migrant camp in London are due to arrive in Devon within days, the BBC understands.
Venezuela's Vice-President, Elias Isturiz, has said President Nicolas Maduro will not be removed from office by a recall referendum.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has criticised Premiership Rugby's plan to extend the season from nine months to 10.
Northern Ireland has been issued with a yellow "be aware" warning for wind gusts of up to 150km/hr.
Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai has said she will "never forget" the Nigerian schoolgirls who were kidnapped in April 2014.
Glamorgan were made to follow on against Derbyshire on the first day of day-night County Championship cricket to be played on the new pink ball at Derby.
A man whose body was found in Hyde Park in west London had been assaulted, police have said.
A new passenger ferry has been withdrawn from the Stornoway-Ullapool route after an engine room ventilation fan broke down.
In the wake of the Savile affair, the victim of a historical rape has written to the director of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) asking for an investigation into why the case was dropped before the suspect was interviewed.
Tunisia and Morocco have returned to the Confederation of African Football (Caf) after a two-and-a-half-year dispute with the governing body.
England were outclassed by a much-improved France in the quarter-finals of the World Cup as they lost a one-sided encounter at Twickenham.
A teenage taekwondo fighter from Wrexham has been selected to represent Great Britain at next year's European Championships in Austria.
Thousands of people have signed a petition calling on a California judge to give a harsher sentence to a student who sexually assaulted a fellow student at Stanford University.
The Yorkshire Sculpture Park (YSP) is to get a new visitor centre as part of a £3.5m redevelopment of the site.
Scottish newspapers have published their first editions of the day after the Holyrood election, with the SNP on course to win a third term.
A fire in Monmouthshire is believed to have been deliberately started, police have said.
Scunthorpe United have signed Bradford City midfielder Luke Murphy on a season-long loan deal.
An application to appeal against the conviction of former North Wales Police chief David Anglesea has been lodged.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has said the majority of its members believe the UK should remain in the European Union.
Michele Morgan, the French actress who won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 1946, has died at the age of 91.
European leaders are trying to hammer out a deal on how to deal with the crisis at the EU summit in Brussels.
The opening of a new £1.1bn bridge across the Forth is to be delayed until May 2017, the Scottish government has said.
A third sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre in the space of three months, prompting a road closure.
A university has officially opened its new £50m campus on the Yorkshire coast.
Work has begun on a £1m project to restore part of the historic Swansea Canal.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, one of the UK's fastest-growing premium burger chains, has been bought by the owner of Nando's.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been given a one-game touchline ban and Morton counterpart Jim Duffy has had a misconduct charge against him dropped.
England are through to the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 thanks to a thrilling five-run win over Sri Lanka in Delhi.
It's one of the most ambitious video game projects in the history of the industry.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has become Britain's most successful Olympian of the Rio Games, as Katherine Glover and Victoria Stanning won gold medals for Team GB rowing and cycling respectively.
Great Britain's hopes of reaching the America's Cup semi-finals suffered a second successive defeat on the penultimate day of the first round of qualifiers in Bermuda.
When the Pro12's director of rugby Les Browne and chief executive Mark Dodson sat down to discuss the future of the competition at the end of last month, they offered starkly different visions of what the future holds for the competition.
Alfred Russel Wallace was one of Britain's most famous scientists and one of its most famous correspondents.
Leinster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Scarlets at the RDS.
A project to mark the 400th anniversary of the birth of William Shakespeare has been launched to raise awareness of the impact of the playwright's work around the world.
US President Barack Obama has asked the White House for $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) in federal funds to buy body cameras for police officers and other equipment to improve relations with black communities.
Bombardier has announced that it is to begin production of its new CS300 passenger jet in Belfast later this year.
Police in Los Angeles have defended the decision to evacuate schools after receiving a hoax bomb threat, despite criticism from both New York and New York officials.
Northern Ireland Under-19 women's team held Spain to a goalless draw at Mourneview Park in their opening match at the Uefa European Championship.
Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner on a one-year deal.
Virgin Media has been accused of "misrepresenting the number of premises connected to its Project Lightning broadband network.
Arriva Trains Wales has said it will not be able to provide extra services at weekends due to ongoing maintenance work on its fleet.
David Cameron has been urged to abandon his pledge to cut net migration to 100,000 if the UK stays in the EU if he wins the referendum.
As a theatre director who was found guilty of attempting to commit a sex act on stage, Boris Bogdanov says he felt like a "pimp" when he went to court to defend a play depicting the attempted rape of a young Roman soldier.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in one of the UK's longest cheese-running races in a Gloucestershire town.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has donated another $1.5bn (£1.1bn) of his personal fortune to charity.
A UKIP member has said he will not be backing any of the candidates in the race to replace Paul Nuttall as party leader, because he does not "have a dog in this race".
It's not every day that you compete in a 50m freestyle at the US Olympic trials while six months pregnant.
Lithuania's Tatjana Meilutyte set a new world record in the semi-finals of the women's 200m freestyle to reach the final of the event at the World Championships.
Bristol City climbed out of the League One relegation zone with victory over Ipswich Town at Ashton Gate.
Cardiff Blues scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended from the Wales squad after a "clear breach of standards".
UK manufacturers are more pessimistic about the future than at any time since the Brexit vote, according to a survey.
West Ham fans have voted in favour of a match between the club's women's and men's teams at Upton Park next season.
People claiming benefits in Scotland are living in "constant anxiety" about changes to their entitlement, according to a new study.
The accountants responsible for the Oscars best picture mix-up at Sunday's ceremony have been given police protection, it has emerged.
Tata Steel workers in Port Talbot have marched through Brussels to protest against the company's decision to change the way it runs its European operations.
Theresa May has said she wants to resolve the issue of what will happen to EU citizens living in the UK after Brexit as soon as possible, Downing Street has said.
Russia has shared a list of 89 European Union officials and other high-profile figures it has banned from entering the country, the BBC understands.
Two of the most violent street gangs in Honduras have pledged a truce in a bid to end years of violence in the Central American country.
GoPro is to release its first quadcopter drone, the company's founder has announced.
Proposals to cut school transport costs in Gloucestershire have been shelved after councillors voted against them.
As Tiger Woods prepares to return to action for the first time in more than a year, one Spaniard is enjoying a meteoric rise to the top of the world's top 50.
Councils in England are struggling to cope with funding cuts of up to 40% since 2010, the Public Accounts Committee has said.
Rafael Benitez and Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce say they will go "right to the wire" in their battle to avoid relegation from the Premier League after they played out a draw at Newcastle.
Snooker player Jimmy Lee has admitted defrauding a fan out of £1,600 after failing to send him a snooker cue he had paid for.
A woman accused of child sex offences in Wrexham has had her case against her dropped after prosecutors said there was "no realistic prospect" of conviction.
Google's Android operating system will begin rolling out a major security update to millions of handsets later this week.
A woman who killed her unborn baby after taking a drug to induce a miscarriage has been jailed for 12 months.
England completed a one-day series whitewash over West Indies with a five-wicket win in the fifth match in Antigua to seal a 3-0 series victory.
American heptathlete Kelly Sotherton says she would be open to the idea of rewriting world records set before 2005.
Three hospitals in Bristol, Weston-super-Mare and Somerset have gone on a "black alert", meaning they are struggling to cope with demand.
David Cameron has said the UK will continue to work "very closely" with China, amid reports he has been barred from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister scored a late equaliser as Eastleigh held Aldershot to a draw in the National League.
Police are investigating a spate of vandalisms on cars in north Edinburgh.
At least five people have been killed in flooding and power cuts in New South Wales (NSW), Australia's most populous state, after days of torrential rain and strong winds.
Final Frontier Design, a New York-based company that designs and manufactures space suits, is hoping to be the first US company to launch a commercial space suit.
Police in Italy have arrested dozens of suspected members of a mafia clan accused of running a "money printing operation for organised crime" at an asylum centre for migrants.
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his estranged wife and posting a picture of her dead body on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons back row forward Gareth Cudd has signed a new contract with the Pro12 club.
The cost of using private ambulances in London has more than doubled in two years, according to figures obtained by the London Assembly.
The Indian government has filed a lawsuit against British telecoms giant Vodafone over a tax dispute dating back to 2007.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer led Manchester United to their 1999 Champions League final victory over Bayern Munich, it was not just his team-mates who were celebrating but also him.
Asian markets have fallen after the European Central Bank (ECB) surprised markets by cutting interest rates for the second time this year.
The Casement Park stadium project is "behind schedule" and needs to address two key issues before it can make progress, according to a new report.
A bicycle hire scheme in Dumfries has been axed because of a lack of uptake.
Tributes have been paid to British teenager Joel Richards, who was killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
A North Korean man held in Malaysia on suspicion of involvement in the murder of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader, has said he is innocent.
Two teenagers who stole a vicar's car in a "shocking attack" in broad daylight have been detained.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Jamie Hamilton has retired from international rugby after being left out of Vern Cotter's final Scotland squad for the World Cup.
England's Dion Lewis won gold in the men's triple jump at the Commonwealth Games as Stirling Cutts failed to clear 5.55m for the first time in Glasgow.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has deleted a series of memes mocking the life of Harambe, the gorilla who was shot dead earlier this year.
China's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.8% in the year to the end of 2015, the slowest pace of expansion in two years, according to official figures.
Scientists have developed a lithium-sulphur-based battery which they say resembles the lining of a human gut.
Claudio Ranieri has urged Leicester City's players not to leave the club this summer despite speculation linking them with a move away from the Premier League champions.
The Church of England has appointed its first female bishop, the Right Reverend Sally Lane.
Oldham Athletic came from behind to beat 10-man Wigan Athletic and record their first win of the new League One season.
Swindon Town have been left "disappointed and frustrated" by the behaviour of one of their players after he walked out of Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Swindon Town.
An investigation into the death of a woman in Fife is to focus on the initial police response leading up to the incident.
Henley-on-Thames has become the latest town to have its postbox painted gold to mark the success of Team GB's Olympic rowing team.
Bangladesh took the upper hand on the second day of the second Test against England in Chittagong as they moved into a strong position at the halfway stage.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted to accept a new pay and conditions offer in a long-running dispute over working conditions.
The Forth Road Bridge is to celebrate 50 years of service to the east of Scotland with a procession and fireworks display.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has suggested that the US might pull out of the Nato alliance if he wins the White House.
The idea of re-wilding rivers to reduce the risk of flooding in parts of the country should be a national priority, experts say.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's La Liga match against Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
A seabird has been shot in the head in the Scottish Borders in what has been described as an "act of cruelty".
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs.
Police in the western Indian state of Gujarat are investigating the attempted suicide of at least 10 Dalit (formerly untouchable) men.
Paul Gascoigne and Steve Coogan are among the latest victims of phone hacking to have received settlements of up to £100,000 plus costs from News International.
Scientists have worked out how monarch butterflies navigate the 2,000-mile (3,000km) journey they make each year from the UK to Mexico.
The University of Aberdeen has unveiled a new supercomputer which it says is the most powerful in the UK.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the Turkish people demand it, days after the failed military coup.
A couple are trying to raise £1,000 for the restoration of a Panavia Tornado jet used in the Gulf War.
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been elected after winning the contest by just one vote.
Surfers have flocked to parts of Europe after Storm Barbara battered the UK coastline.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice and Eden Hazard scored twice as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final Euro 2016 warm-up match.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on their impressive start to life in Scotland's top flight.
Northern Ireland's universities are fighting against the trend of graduates leaving Northern Ireland because of a shortage of jobs, says Ulster University's head of modern languages.
The world's largest and most expensive nuclear safety shield, built to contain radioactive material from the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine, has begun moving.
Tour de France cyclist Chris Froome has been unable to identify the driver of a car in which he was knocked off his bike, French police have said.
Northern Ireland's new councils will be given a range of new powers when they take over from Stormont in April 2015.
A fire which destroyed a former textile mill in Bradford has prompted a review into ways in which West Yorkshire's mills could be brought back into use.
Cambridge Borough Council has said it has "no concerns" about the weight of bunting knitted to mark the Tour de France stages in the city.
A senior priest at a Hindu temple in India has said that allowing women into its inner sanctum could lead to an increase in rape incidents, reports say.
The mother of one of the alleged victims of a Rotherham child sex abuse case has told a court her daughter's character changed from a "lovely girl to an animal".
A father has described how he wrapped a newborn baby girl in a dressing gown in his car and gave her a "hard rub" before she opened her eyes for the first time.
UKIP has said it is "taken by surprise" the Border Agency did not issue an immigration warning to staff at a restaurant where a UKIP candidate worked as a chef.
An Australian research ship that ran aground in Antarctica has been towed to a remote research station in the Kerguelen Plateau and refloated.
Four people have been rescued from a yacht off the County Antrim coast.
Deutsche Bank and Santander have failed the latest round of US bank stress tests, the country's central bank has said.
The fundraising campaign to raise money for the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has passed £50,000 in donations.
Online grocer Ocado has reported a record annual profit, thanks to strong sales growth and a tie-up with supermarket chain Morrisons.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says it would be a "massive mistake" to get complacent after reaching the Euro 2016 play-offs.
AMs are meeting Irish ministers and trade representatives to discuss the impact of Brexit on Welsh ports.
Police are investigating the discovery of an unexploded World War Two bomb on a beach in the Outer Hebrides.
Scotland's number one seed Kirsty Adderley has won the Scottish National Squash Championships for a seventh time.
Former Glasgow City Council leader Mike Matheson is to become a visiting professor at Strathclyde University.
A police station in Afghanistan's Helmand province has been attacked by Taliban militants, officials say.
The proportion of pupils going on to a job or getting a job within three months of leaving school has reached a new record high, according to new figures.
Professor Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race could face a series of "disaster" in the next 10,000 years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Brian Harman share the lead after the third round of the US Open.
The photo of a Turkish woman in a headscarf has been used as evidence of discrimination against Muslim women in Germany, according to a study.
Lewis Hamilton says he is in the "most solid place" he has been in his career despite a difficult start to the season after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Thousands of people have marched through Mexico City in support of same-sex marriage.
Three men have been arrested following the Aberdeen v Celtic football match at Pittodrie.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for a "horrific catalogue of offending" against a woman in the 1980s and 90s.
The number of young people owning their own home in England has halved in the past 20 years, according to a report.
The family of a soldier who was found dead at an Army barracks in Surrey 21 years ago have said they are "relieved" a new inquest will be held into his death.
The family feud over the tributes paid to Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, has reignited a long-running feud in the city-state.
Students at Dundee University have designed a shopping bag which plays a voice-controlled warning when you take a credit card out of it.
Two men have been charged in connection with alleged historical child sex abuse at a former boarding school.
Harlequins have signed Wasps scrum-half Alex Jackson as Conor O'Shea's replacement.
Worcestershire and Kent were unable to play on the first day of their County Championship Division Two match because of a frozen pitch.
An Italian ferry that caught fire off the Spanish island of Mallorca may sink, port authorities have warned, with the loss of the lives of more than 200 people on board.
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim have made a fresh appeal for information after visiting three locations in north Belfast on Thursday.
A Pembrokeshire butcher has been fined £15,000 after a retrial for selling frozen meat which was several years past the "use by" date.
When Jean-Claude Godin's father's computer business went bust, the family of Godin was wiped out.
Anyone who bought a winning lottery ticket in Denbighshire is being urged to come forward to claim their prize.
The French honorary consul in the Turkish city of Bodrum has admitted selling supplies to migrants trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece.
Scottish Conservative MEP David Coburn has said he would "do his best" to lead the UK Independence Party.
Eddie Redmayne has been working with a fitness coach to prepare him for the role of Einar Elbe in a new film.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was knocked out of the Welsh Grand Prix after losing 4-3 to Martin Holt in round one.
London's transport authority is to trial "Cancer on board" badges to warn disabled and sick people travelling on the Tube that they will be wearing them.
Featherstone Rovers pair Jake Pick and Jake Bateman have been banned for two years after testing positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
The authorities in Nigeria's biggest city, Lagos, have ordered more than 100 mosques to shut down after residents complained about the noise they made.
Mark Haughey scored a late goal as Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Premiership game at Mourneview Park.
The Dying Matters Coalition is calling for more people to talk more openly about dying and to make plans around end-of-life care.
Rangers Football Club has announced that it has raised £22.2m from fans and institutional investors in its share issue.
The Indian state of Indian-administered Kashmir has imposed a ban on lavish weddings, in the wake of a public outcry over the cost of the traditional five-day wedding.
Adrian Gill, one of the best-known writers for the Sunday Times, has died at the age of 63, the newspaper has announced.
Rangers have appointed Mark Allen as their new director of football following his departure from Manchester City.
It's been a tough week for German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Galloway may have been at the heart of a lost "lost Dark Age kingdom of Rheged", according to archaeologists.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey share the halfway lead at the Travelers Championship after the second round in Connecticut.
When Omar Al-Hakim scored the winning goal in his side's Scottish Cup win over Hamilton Academical, it was just the start of a new chapter in his life.
Councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax next year to pay for social care costs, according to a new survey.
An ambulance company has been accused of failing to pay contractors who have been leasing ambulances for the past six months, it has emerged.
United States striker Alex Morgan has signed for Lyon Women's Women's Super League One side on a season-long loan.
British freestyle snowboarder Abbey Cheshire missed out on a medal at the World Championships after crashing out of her semi-final.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams has called for the right to fight longer rounds in women's boxing, despite the WBC saying it will never allow three-minute rounds.
Sevilla remain on course to become the first team to win the Europa League three times in a row after holding Dynamo Kiev to a draw in their Europa League semi-final second leg in Ukraine.
Ukrainian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu has warned that Russia's expansion of its military presence in Crimea could threaten the entire Black Sea, as he met his Russian counterpart in Ukraine.
What do you do when you're 10 years old and you're three shots off the lead on the back nine of the final round of a major?
Ludwig the Musical Pussycat is a three-year-old panda cub who is one of the best-behaved pups in the UK.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "dragging the political process towards an unprecedented tipping point".
South Yorkshire Police's chief constable is to retire following a report into child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
The number of people living with diabetes in Wales is rising at an "alarming rate", a charity has warned.
Hearts have signed Poland international defender Tomas Grzelak on a two-year deal.
The operators of the UK's free-to-use cash machines are to meet next week to try to resolve a dispute over interchange fees.
A Saudi source close to the Saudi royal family has told the BBC that $681m (Â£490m) given to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak in 2013 was meant to help him win the election.
Chris Eubank Jr says he will not be affected by the injuries he suffered in his last fight as he prepares to defend his British title against Jamie Doran on Saturday.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,000 "badly made" life jackets made by Syrian migrants, days after dozens of migrants drowned trying to cross the Mediterranean from Turkey to Greece.
A man has been given a suspended prison sentence for jumping on to the pitch during a football match between Southend United and Coventry City.
Defending champions Chris and Gabby Adcock have won the English men's and women's doubles titles for the fourth time in five years.
Scunthorpe United ended a run of three straight League One defeats with victory at Shrewsbury Town.
Robert Lewandowski was pushed to the ground by a Romanian fan during Poland's Euro 2016 match against Montenegro.
Kids in Australia are being given the chance to design their own versions of national parks.
The Scottish government has reached an agreement in principle to end a long-running dispute over the running of Northern Isles ferry services.
Ospreys will have back-to-back Pro12 wins for the first time this season when they host Scarlets at Liberty Stadium on Boxing Day.
Kempton racecourse owner Ronnie Ackerman has had his two-year ban and £5,000 fine quashed after losing an appeal against his disqualification.
The Nato flag has been raised in Afghanistan for the first time since the end of a decade-long mission to support the country's security forces.
Refugees in Germany have helped save the life of a far-right nationalist who was hit by a car during an anti-migrant protest, local media report.
A man has died and three people have been injured in a two-car crash in Manchester.
Theresa May is sending a "dangerous path" for the UK if she does not listen to devolved administrations, the first minister has warned.
Former England all-rounder Paul Downton has been appointed as the new chief executive of the England and Wales Cricket Board.
The parents of a man killed in a hit-and-run crash have called for tougher sentences for dangerous drivers.
Two sheep have been rescued from a garden in Dumfries and Galloway after getting loose from their enclosure.
The Greek government has published a list of reforms it wants to implement in order to secure a third bailout from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the European Union.
A public consultation has begun on what to do with Gloucester's former Pentonville Prison.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Fearne Cotton has hosted her last ever show, playing her final show of the year on Sunday.
England scrum-half Ben Watson has been charged by the Rugby Football Union after his red card in Bath's Six Nations defeat by Saracens.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham Town thumped Woking to extend their unbeaten run to seven games in all competitions.
An ancient Chinese board game called "bo" has been unearthed in an ancient tomb.
Rangers defender Bruno Alves says he would have signed for the Ibrox club this summer even if it meant missing out on European football this season.
Inflation in China has slowed to its lowest rate in more than two years, adding to concerns of a slowdown in the world's second largest economy.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" that defender Jazz Richards is taking longer than expected to recover from a broken leg.
Investigators are trying to find out why a device on Virgin Galactic's SpaceShip Two spaceship crashed during a test flight last month.
As Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over the so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul, the BBC's Will Grant reports from inside the city.
Pesticide exposure could be harming the ability of the honey bees to navigate and forage, according to new research.
The University of Ulster is to host a new centre of excellence in marine and bio-energy research as part of a £40m funding package.
Egyptian archaeologists say they have found "anomalous anomalies" in some of the pyramids of Giza.
A controlled explosion is to be carried out on an unexploded World War Two bomb found in a quarry.
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged abduction and murder of British model Chloe Ayling.
Prank TV shows have become an increasingly popular pastime in the Middle East and North Africa, but they have also become a source of controversy.
General Motors is to invest $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) over the next five years in a new research and development centre in Ontario, Canada.
Rob Ford, the former mayor of the Canadian city of Toronto, has been laid to rest in a state of state at the city's Royal Ontario mortuary.
A fox cub cub has been rescued from the engine bay of a parked car in Dumfries and Galloway.
The distinctive Scots accent is changing, according to a new study.
The final fundraising target to save a Grade II-listed cathedral from demolition has been reached, it has been announced.
Robin Wright, the star of the hit US TV series House of Cards, has used her role in the show to fight for equal pay for women, after being paid less than her male co-star.
(Close): Wall Street markets were little changed on Tuesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes ending the day little changed.
Unpaid internships should be banned, according to a new report by a cross-party group of MPs.
The Scottish government is to fund a project to try and cut the cost of offshore wind turbines.
A couple have gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle 12 people into the UK in the back of a van on a day trip to the French Riviera.
Fidel Castro, who died in 2006, was the longest-reigning Cuban president in the history of the one-party Communist state.
England captain Alastair Cook has "got the right-sized feet" for leading his team to victory over India, says former Australia captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has appealed for information after a cat had to have its leg amputated after being shot with an airgun in West Lothian.
The Irish flag has been raised for the first time in Northern Ireland.
A Labour MP is to take up a top job in an international business watchdog.
A group claiming to be hackers has posted Game of Thrones scripts and other material stolen from HBO, according to reports.
Police are investigating allegations of abuse at Kids Company, an inner-city children's charity in Glasgow.
Actor Morgan Freeman is to receive the American Film Institute's (AFI) lifetime achievement award later this year.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of a terrorist organisation.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has seen its capital levels fall in the latest European Bank of England stress test, which assesses how well the UK's biggest lenders would cope in the event of a recession.
Isle of Wight council has announced changes to the way passengers and vehicles are boarded and disembarked at the same time.
Wakefield Wildcats centre Matt Simon has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club, with the option of a further year.
The Ministry of Justice has been urged to rethink a new divorce form which asks whether a third party has committed adultery with a husband or wife.
One of the UK's most famous birds of prey, the golden eagle, has returned to a nature reserve for the first time in three years.
How often do you check your phone while you're at work?
Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman has suggested that Donald Trump's victory in the US election was the result of a Jewish conspiracy.
The London Underground has apologised after a fire broke out on a Tube train at Oxford Circus station.
Egypt's security forces are carrying out a campaign of sexual violence against detainees, according to the Egyptian Human Rights Watch (EHRC).
Leigh Griffiths says he is already looking forward to next season, despite the disappointment of missing out on the chance to win the Scottish Premiership title for a fourth successive season.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to a near 10-year low, official figures have shown, as wage growth slowed to its slowest pace in more than a year.
A TV programme in which Derren Brown attempted to "self-asphyxiate himself" in front of a live audience has been found to be unsuitable for children.
Adam Peaty set a new British 50m breaststroke world record to win gold at the Rio Olympics for the second time in two days.
How did a freckle on the finger of a childcare worker end up at the heart of a paedophile investigation?
Tai Chi may not be the first thing that springs to mind when you think of living in a "Mars-sized" capsule, but that is exactly what one Chinese astronaut has done.
A Canadian man has been charged in connection with a series of pipe bomb attacks on lawyers in the Canadian city of Winnipeg.
Dundee United have signed Ross Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee.
The bodies of three Libyan journalists who were kidnapped in the eastern city of Derna have been found, the Libyan government has said.
British sailor Katherine Lucas won Great Britain's first World Para-Paralympic gold medal of the 2016-17 season with victory in the final race of the Grand Prix series in Canada.
Boris Johnson has said the government will consider a "binding contract" for all university students in England, in a speech to think tank Reform.
India has vowed to fight Pakistan's decision to hang an Indian navy officer sentenced to death for spying.
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been threatened with a knife during a robbery at a house in west Belfast.
More than 1,000 people have been prosecuted for dog fighting offences in England and Wales in the past year, according to the League Against Cruel Sports.
A court in Myanmar has begun hearing the cases of 65 people charged in connection with clashes between students and police during a protest march from Mandalay to Yangon.
Ofsted has written to the education secretary urging him to investigate a Birmingham Islamic high school where the only female governor sat in an adjacent room at a meeting.
A "manipulative and depraved" paedophile who raped and sexually abused a girl in Denbighshire has been jailed for 12 years.
Morecambe came from behind to beat League Two strugglers Cambridge United and end the U's' unbeaten start to the season.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with an investigation into dissident republican activity in County Antrim.
Cardiff City are waiting to discover the full extent of the extent of an injury to centre-back Mike Jones that could rule him out for the rest of the season.
Six of England's biggest teaching unions, including the National Union of Teachers, have joined forces to urge the government to give teachers a pay rise.
The UK's first fracking operation in Lancashire has been suspended after a small earthquake was felt in the county on Friday.
An exhibition of works by one of Scotland's most famous artists, Michelangelo Caravaggio, has opened at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has updated its two-step verification system for users of its iCloud and iTunes accounts to make it easier to regain access to them if they lose their device.
The family of British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed while working for the BBC in Syria, are suing the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
A four-month-old baby boy who was killed in a dog attack was being held in his mother's arms when he was snatched out of her arms and attacked, an inquest has heard.
The Scottish sporting budget is set to be cut by 20% in the next financial year, according to the sport governing body.
The health of pregnant women who are overweight or obese may be worse than those who are slim, according to a major study in the British Medical Journal.
A haul of Bronze Age weapons found on the Isle of Coll in Argyll are to go on public display later this week.
A man and woman are being sought after a teenage boy was attacked and stamped on at a Glasgow railway station.
A teacher in Spain has been arrested on suspicion of being in possession of thousands of indecent images of children.
Beyonce has been named as the world's highest-earning artist of 2013, according to a new Forbes list.
Brazilian football legend Pele's first World Cup winner's medal has been sold at auction in New York for an estimated price of between £70,000 and £100,000.
Indonesia has recalled its ambassador to Australia after reports that Australian spy agencies spied on President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's phone calls.
A video purporting to show the summary killing of dozens of Syrian government soldiers in a rebel-held building near the city of Aleppo may be a war crime, the UN says.
Organic farming can improve the biodiversity of surrounding fields, according to a new study.
The managers of some of the UK's biggest artists have signed an open letter calling for a crackdown on "touts" selling concert tickets at face value.
The Bank of England has announced that it is raising the rate of the bank levy from 0.078% to 0.088%.
The price of US and European government bonds have risen for the first time since Donald Trump's surprise election victory last week.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter in a row, as it continues to cut prices.
A driver has been caught trying to listen to a new Sam Smith song on his phone while driving at 70mph in Dorset.
Dame Judi Dench, best known for playing James Bond's M in the Skyfall films, has revealed she is struggling to cope with the loss of her eyesight.
A commercial bus ended up on a farmer's muck heap after the driver ignored a "no-through road" sign and took a wrong turn, it has emerged.
A total lunar eclipse has been visible across parts of the world for the first time in more than a decade.
The idea of a universal basic income is "worrying" for Wales, a leading economist has said.
Two north Wales hospitals which were rated "inadequate" in a report into food hygiene have had their ratings upgraded.
As the Welsh Conservatives and Labour reflect on their election defeats, there is one thing they can say for sure - next year's assembly election is going to be different.
Trawsfynydd nuclear power station in Gwynydd could be used as a test site for a new generation of reactors, according to new research.
John Natzler has been appointed as the new House of Commons Clerk, Speaker John Bercow has announced.
As a group of MPs call for the legalisation of medical cannabis, the BBC's Michelle Roberts looks at why some people use the drug for medical reasons - and why it may not be as safe as it seems.
Tunisians have voted in a presidential run-off election seen as a referendum on the future leadership of the Arab Spring-inspired country.
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal with Dundee United to sign midfielder Scott Bannigan for next season.
Accountancy experts from the so-called "Big Four" accountancy firms have defended the use of tax havens after they were grilled by MPs about the practice.
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer cases in Scotland could be "even greater" than previously thought, according to a new study.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has revealed he held talks about becoming Aston Villa's new manager in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a Ukrainian-born former member of Germany's Einsatzkommando, a Nazi death squad that carried out war crimes during World War II.
Scottish small businesses are doing more business online but are still lagging behind the rest of the UK in digital maturity, according to a new report.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Thursday, boosted by strong gains in the pharmaceutical and technology stocks.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for eight years for raping a 15-year old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been warned they could face "sporting and financial consequences" if they continue to collide in Formula 1 this season.
Russia has blocked more than 1,000 pornographic websites, after a court ruled that they violated child protection laws.
The childhood home of explorer Gertrude Bell has been named as one of the top 10 most endangered Victorian buildings in England.
Voters in Iraq go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new government, in what is widely seen as a referendum on the country's future.
The French far-right leader of the governing party, Marine Le Pen, is to give up her parliamentary seat, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Wales prop Tomas Francis says he is relieved to have retained his place in the starting XV for Friday's Six Nations match against England.
Eight people have been arrested in connection with a spate of vandalism at a Flintshire branch of B&Q.
The future of a coastal rail line could be "worrying", according to a new study.
Southeastern is to compensate passengers affected by the disruption caused by the closure of the high-speed rail line between Dover and London St Pancras.
Thousands of Glastonbury festival-goers have braved torrential downpours to watch Florence and the Machine perform on the Pyramid Stage.
Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has asked the assembly's presiding officer to tell AMs to stop using "aggressive" language about the EU referendum.
The BBC's business editor, Linda Yueh, is leaving the corporation to become a freelance presenter on BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
Nottingham Forest have signed Middlesbrough duo Lucas Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season.
Victoria Barker's life changed dramatically when she found out she was pregnant with her second child.
A man who put his "zombified" children's buggy up for sale on eBay for £1,000 has said he has broken the site's record for the highest bid.
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty in the US to trying to rig one of the world's biggest interest rates.
Hull FC have signed prop Joe Arundel from Hull Tigers on a two-year deal, with the option of a further year.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England should not go ahead, a leading health expert has said.
Helen Jenkins has shown potential to win a medal at this summer's Rio Olympics after winning the Gold Coast triathlon, according to fellow British triathlete Non Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loan portfolio.
Woody Allen, the billionaire founder of Microsoft, has announced plans to launch rockets into space for the first time.
The Scottish government has been told to reconsider its decision to grant planning permission for three wind farm projects in the Firth of Forth.
A Fife man has admitted raping and indecently assaulting two girls in Fife but claimed he was having hallucinations when he confessed to police.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street on New Year's Day.
As South Sudan's civil war enters its third month, the BBC's Will Grant looks at what life is like for thousands of refugees who have fled the war-torn country across the border in Uganda.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side can still finish second in the Championship, despite losing 3-0 at home to Rangers.
A soldier's pet ram has been promoted to the highest rank in the armed forces.
Islamic State (IS) militants have carried out a suicide bomb attack on a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, near the holy city of Najaf.
Binge-watch has been named word of the year by the Collins English Dictionary.
Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned as Brazil coach after their humiliating exit from the 2014 World Cup, the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) has announced.
The cost of cancer drugs used on the NHS in England has risen by more than 20% in the last five years, according to research presented at the Cancer Drugs Fund conference.
The winner of the Ibrahim Prize for African leadership has not been announced, seven years after the award was launched by the late Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir.
The Met Office has issued an amber "be aware" warning of winds gusting to up to 90mph across parts of Scotland on Friday and Saturday.
Oscar-winning actress Michelle Terry is to take on the role of Shakespeare's Globe's actor-manager, the theatre has announced.
A woman who went missing with her two-year-old daughter has been found safe and well, police have said.
It's a rule of thumbing your nose when it comes to fame: if you're famous, you're guaranteed a record deal.
A Banksy mural that was removed from the side of a Poundland store is to go up for auction next month, it has been announced.
Casino revenues in China's gambling enclave of Macau have fallen for the first time in three years, as the city's economy shrank by more than 24% in the third quarter.
India's Sahitya Akademi, the country's oldest literary society, has condemned recent attacks on writers.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition to save a Cambridge University college which specialises in education for disabled and disadvantaged students.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering Swansea man John Warburton, whose body has not been found.
Britain's Adam Yates moved off the leader's yellow jersey as Peter Sagan won stage five of the Tour of California to take the overall lead.
Liverpool midfielder James Milner has retired from international football after his contract with England was terminated by mutual consent.
Alex Iwobi and Mohamed Elneny were on target as Arsenal were held to a goalless FA Cup draw by Hull City at Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has filed a lawsuit against Samsung, accusing the tech giant of using some of its technologies without permission.
Saif al-Arab Gaddafi, the sister-in-law of Libyan leader Col Muammar Gaddafi, has been a symbol of loyalty to the regime of his father, the leader of the Libyan people.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman and a two-year-old girl were found dead in a crashed car.
The fiscal framework for new tax and welfare powers being devolved to Holyrood is at a "critical point", the UK government has said.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has expressed "serious concern" over China's military activity in the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of making Scottish MPs "second-class citizens" after the government postponed a vote on the Hunting Act.
Jeremy Corbyn has urged Theresa May to split the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire into two parts.
Ospreys have signed South African tight-head prop Brian Mujati on a short-term deal until the end of the season.
Rescuers are searching for a British backpacker who went missing after falling off a mountain in Vietnam, his girlfriend has said.
Tributes have been paid to Leeds Rhinos club president Harry Jepson at a memorial service to mark the 121st anniversary of the game's founding.
Edinburgh Zoo's giant panda Tian Tian is due to give birth at the end of the month, the zoo has said.
The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) has launched a campaign to find the UK's national bird.
Austrian police are searching for a man who has been photographed posing as Adolf Hitler in the town where the Nazi leader was born.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in Rotherham.
Two London Underground lines have been partially suspended due to safety concerns following the Grenfell Tower fire in west London.
England fast bowler James Anderson says Joe Root is the "ideal candidate" to be the next Test captain.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced plans to allow internet service providers (ISPs) to offer a "fast lane" for Netflix and other video-streaming services earlier this year, many internet users took to social media to express their dismay.
Burnley moved off the bottom of the Championship table after Andre Gray's first-half penalty gave them victory over Blackburn Rovers in the Lancashire derby.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create 1,000 new jobs at its Solihull factory as part of a £500m investment.
Corey Whitely's second-half strike earned Dagenham and Redbridge a 1-0 win at Eastleigh in the National League.
Jon Stead scored his first goal of the season as Notts County earned their first win of the League Two season with victory at Hartlepool United.
Detectives investigating the fatal stabbing of a 19-year-old man at a bar in east London have appealed for witnesses.
A shortlist of the UK's oldest and most important trees has been shortlisted for this year's Great British Tree of the Year award.
A man has died and two teenage girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea in Denbighshire.
More than 100 jobs are to go at a fish and chip factory in Londonderry after the company behind the plant announced plans to close it.
The number of jellyfish being spotted on the Welsh coast has increased with the warmer weather, conservationists have said.
A woman who was "brutally murdered" in a "sadistic" knife attack was tied up with duct tape before her jugular vein was cut through, a court has heard.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have announced the birth of their first child, a boy named William Prince of Wales.
Ospreys scrum-half Joe Thornton says he is "chomping at the bit" to make his Wales debut in Friday's Six Nations opener against Samoa.
Durham County Council has said it will take the planning inspector to court after he refused to re-examine his findings of a plan to regenerate the county.
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) must do more to deal with a backlog of more than 150,000 migrants who have been refused permission to stay in the UK, the immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as the UK's most powerful woman in a new list of the most powerful women in the world.
A man has admitted stealing sheep from a Pembrokeshire farmer's ewes after DNA evidence linked him to the crime.
An exhibition has opened in Oxford to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of the author William Blake.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is the world's most dangerous presidential candidate, according to the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU).
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) is to merge with Germany's Deutsche Boerse in a deal that will create the world's biggest stock exchange group.
You might think that the idea of being hit over the back with a bunch of oak leaves would not be too appealing - especially if you are a woman.
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service, allowing customers to watch TV shows and listen to music without paying for data.
Australia's Deputy Prime Minister, Alan Joyce, has said he will continue to campaign for same-sex marriage, despite criticism from some politicians.
Hull City goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic made a string of fine saves to deny Manchester United their first Premier League win of the season.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a Tube train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68 Formula 1 pole positions with victory at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Julie and Shannon are sitting in the living room, surrounded by memories of their son, Kayden, who died last April.
The Labour Party in Carmarthenshire has launched an investigation into claims it shared "propaganda of ultra-right groups", Plaid Cymru has said.
Rangers missed the chance to go top of the Scottish Premiership as St Johnstone held them to a draw at Ibrox.
When you lose a presidential election, it's hard to know what's going to happen next.
A man who was shot dead by police in Bedfordshire died from a single gunshot wound to the chest, a post-mortem examination has revealed.
Chelsea captain John Terry says he has not decided where he will play his final season in the Premier League, despite interest from a number of clubs.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick on his Premiership debut for Sale Sharks as they came from behind to beat Wasps and go top of the table.
Lewis Hamilton won his 50th race win at the United States Grand Prix on Sunday, becoming only the third driver in Formula 1 history to achieve the feat.
The Sri Lankan army is continuing its search for survivors of two landslides that have killed at least 14 people in the past 24 hours.
Justin Gatlin ran the fastest 200m of his career to win the Portland Diamond League 200m and set a new personal best.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a review of the use of so-called "rest chambers" on flights after a row over the cost of customising a bed on a recent trip to the UK.
Amnesty International has accused India of failing to adequately investigate human rights abuses committed by security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir, including the use of a controversial anti-terror law.
The High Court in Edinburgh has granted permission for the BBC Scotland to film the sentencing of a man who has been convicted of murdering his former lover.
Katie Hopkins has issued a personal apology to the family of a Muslim family from east London who she accused of being extremists after they were stopped from travelling to the US.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censoring and discrimination" after the company refused to sell him some of its bricks.
Miranda Miranda has made her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie, the title role in the hit musical about a girl who is abducted by a vengeful orphanage owner.
A temporary homeless night shelter could be set up in Northampton as part of a plan to tackle homelessness in the town.
Mikheil Saakashvili has been Georgia's longest-serving president.
Scottish families are becoming "trapped in poverty" because of a growing "crisis of low pay and poor conditions" in the workplace, a charity has warned.
West Ham suffered a third successive defeat in their first match at a new stadium as Juventus won 2-1 in a pre-season friendly in London.
At least 14 people have died in a fire at a boarding school in northern Nigeria's Kano state, officials say.
The Great Britain women's squad for the 2017 Canoe Slalom World Cup in Florida has been announced.
Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate, Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have signed new two-year dual contracts with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Aston Villa have signed former Republic of Ireland midfielder Carlton Cole on a two-year deal.
In January, Theresa May told the House of Commons: "I want to get out into the wider world, to trade and do business all around the globe."
Researchers are trying to find out if the sound of a different species of bee is the same in Cardiff and other parts of Wales.
National League side Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time in 10 years with victory over League One side Oldham Athletic.
The cost to the taxpayer of the Department for Transport's "shambles" over the West Coast rail franchise fiasco could be higher than previously estimated, a committee of MPs has said.
In the history of the Nobel Prize for science, very few women have been given any credit for their achievements.
Former world champion Stephen Hendry suffered a shock 4-0 defeat by Peter Lines in the first round of the World Cup Qualifiers.
As the BBC and the Scottish broadcaster, STV, continue to grapple with the impact of the independence referendum on their fortunes, it's not just the BBC which is struggling.
Liberal Democrat leadership contender Norman Lamb has proposed giving local authorities the power to raise additional funds for the NHS and social care if they choose.
Clyde manager Darren Ferguson says he is "fighting" to keep his side in the Scottish League Two title race by beating Annan Athletic on Saturday.
Greece is going to the polls on Sunday to choose a new government, a new parliament and a new president, in what promises to be a referendum on the future of the European Union.
Archaeologists in Monaghan have unearthed parts of a Spitfire which crashed into a field in County Monaghan during World War Two.
Parents are taking legal action against a council after it cut free school transport for their children.
A mass has been held in Glasgow to remember the victims of the devastating earthquake in central Italy.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been the subject of plenty of jokes on social media in recent months, with jokes about whether or not he's going to be the next prime minister.
Sebastian Vettel set the pace in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix as Lewis Hamilton pipped team-mate Nico Rosberg to pole position.
A teenager has been charged in connection with the theft of thousands of pounds worth of tickets for the T in the Park music festival.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark the 20th anniversary of the handover of the territory from British to Chinese control.
A rapper in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has staged a protest against the appointment of a woman as the new chief minister.
Eleven more people have been arrested in connection with a landslide at a landfill in southern China's Guangdong province in December.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its failure to tackle air pollution, according to a new report.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has found a white police officer not guilty of the manslaughter of a black couple who were shot dead in a high-speed car chase.
At least 120 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in Syria, activists and state media say, in one of the deadliest days of the country's civil war.
Cornish Pirates are among those in favour of scrapping the promotion-relegation play-offs after the 2017-18 Premiership season.
More than £400,000 has been wiped off the expected income of Welsh councils which deal with household waste.
The G20 summit is taking place in Johannesburg, South Africa, where leaders from more than 20 countries are meeting for the first time.
A knife has been recovered from a school playground in Dumfries and Galloway.
The 2017 UK Championship begins on Thursday with the first round of matches taking place at the Barbican Centre in York.
Red Bull may have finished third in the Australian Grand Prix, but it was a disappointing race for the Red Bull-Renault team.
Voters in the Scottish independence referendum will go to the polls on 2 September to decide whether or not Scotland should remain part of the United Kingdom.
Businesses in Perth are to open their doors to the public on Thursday and Friday afternoons in a bid to boost the local economy.
Hampshire's Ben Duckett Dawson says he is happy to be back in contention for a place in England's Twenty20 squad.
The funeral of Constable Ronan Kerr, who was killed in a booby-trapped car bomb attack, is taking place in County Tyrone.
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's most senior law officer.
Fire crews have been called out to a fire on board a ferry which has gone into the sea off Shetland.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in Rotherham.
Scottish Labour MP Stella Black has been named the UK's Young Musician of the Year by NME magazine.
A terminally ill man who wants the right to choose when and how he dies has taken his legal challenge to the law on assisted suicide to the Court of Appeal.
Bayern Munich's hopes of reaching the Champions League semi-finals suffered a major blow as they lost the first leg of their last-16 tie at Porto.
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed to pay a £1.5m compensation settlement to the family of a 17-year-old boy who suffered a cardiac arrest while playing for the club's youth team.
British actress Keira Knightley is to make her Broadway debut in a new play based on one of the world's best-known romantic comedies.
Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza says he wants to speak to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football.
A 10-year-old Canadian boy who wrote a note apologising for the damage he had caused to a comic book has had his apology made public.
David Waites says it has been "painful" to come back from a shoulder injury to win the BDO World Championship for the second time in three years.
Newport Gwent Dragons centre Matt Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
A man has died after being shot dead by police in Hull city centre, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Birmingham City Women have completed the signing of German international Stephanie Linden from Eintracht Frankfurt for an undisclosed fee.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has been told to give evidence to a Commons select committee after he refused to attend a meeting.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he has spoken to his players about putting a curfew on players who have gone out drinking in the build-up to the Rugby World Cup.
Dundee ended Motherwell's three-game losing streak in the Premiership with a comfortable victory at Fir Park.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side need to improve their mentality after their Champions League campaign ended in the quarter-finals.
Tributes have been paid to the victims of a rollercoaster crash at Dreamworld theme park in Queensland, Australia, in which five people, including two children, died.
A man found to be in possession of heroin with a street value of more than £300,000 was paying off a debt, a court has heard.
Swansea City have made an approach for former Athletic Bilbao boss Marcelo Bielsa, reports BBC Radio Swansea.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a rival gang member in a "power struggle" in south-east London.
The last time the world's biggest central bank raised interest rates - and the markets went into a tailspin - you could say that it was a wake-up call for Asian investors.
Two men have been jailed for their part in the "deplorable" sexual exploitation of a teenage girl in Hertfordshire.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new Premier League season after having surgery on an ankle injury.
A man whose body was found at a house in Bedfordshire is being treated as murder, police have said.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said his organs will be used to help save the lives of others.
Rugby league side Bristol have signed former England Under-20 international Joe Marler on a short-term deal after the back-rower was ruled out for the rest of the season.
A public inquiry into plans to build a new Circuit of Wales racetrack in Blaenau Gwent has begun.
Garry Thompson scored his first goal for Morecambe since returning to the club as the Shrimps came from behind to beat Cheltenham Town at the Globe Arena.
More than half of people who committed suicide in the UK last year were under the care of a mental health crisis team, a report has found.
Ulster won the Ulster Under-21 Football Championship for the first time in the competition's history as they beat Connacht 3-17 to 1-14 in Sunday's final at Carrick-on-Shannon.
MSPs have called on the Scottish Parliament's corporate body to ensure they get a decent cup of coffee for committee meetings.
Hospitals in Wales may have to make a "decisive" decision to cope with the pressures of the festive season, the chief medical officer for Wales has said.
Ethiopia is one of the world's fastest-growing economies, and its capital, Addis Ababa, is home to some of the best examples of what it takes to become self-sufficient.
Three fishermen have been rescued from the sea off the County Londonderry after getting into difficulty off the coast of Malin.
Defending champion Alberto Contador says he would pick Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana to win this summer's Tour de France if he had to pick his favourites for the Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested people trying to sell a rare snake that looks like it has two heads.
Brazil's former President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential palace in Rio de Janeiro after being impeached by the lower house of Congress.
Derry City moved up to third in the Premier Division as Kevin Boyle's first-half goal helped the Candystripes to a narrow win over Wexford in Sunday's Premier Division game.
A mountain rescue team has called for "serious consideration" of how the Cairngorms peak in Snowdonia is managed following a rise in callouts.
Paris St-Germain have signed Barcelona forward Neymar for a world record £198m.
Celtic made two loan signings in the January transfer window that could prove to be the most eye-catching moves of the Scottish Premiership season so far.
The Pirate Bay has suffered a distributed-denial-of-service (DDoS) attack, the site has confirmed.
The inventor of a £2,000 (£2,220) prosthetic hand that allows amputees to grip objects with their fingers has won a £10,000 UK engineering prize.
Tens of thousands of French centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon held a rally in Paris on Sunday to rally his supporters around him.
Urgent care centres could be set up in Telford and Shrewsbury as part of a shake-up of the health system in Shropshire.
Scott Brown has been a "big part of my career" over the last 10 years, according to Scotland head coach Gordon Strachan.
The formal signing of the £18bn deal to build a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point in Somerset has taken place.
The number of calls to a helpline set up to help servicemen and women struggling with mental health issues has doubled in a year, according to the Scottish Armed Forces Association (SSAFA).
A former Met Police detective who admitted possessing and possessing child sex abuse images has been jailed for 12 years.
Hilary Benn's intervention in the debate over the UK's involvement in the war in Syria has raised the question of whether the Labour leadership contest will go ahead.
World number one Mark Selby fought back from 4-2 down to beat Marco Fu 6-5 and reach the World Championship semi-finals.
Kirsty Evans says it would be "more heartbreak than humiliation" if Scotland Women reach the Women's Euro 2017 finals for the first time.
The family of a teacher stabbed to death by a pupil have called for an independent inquiry into the "horrific" attack.
Arsene Wenger has urged Arsenal's British players to "take charge" of the team and lead by example if he leaves at the end of the season.
The Nepalese government has announced plans to limit the number of people who can climb Mount Everest, in an attempt to make the mountain safer.
The family of a man killed in a crash on the M1 have called for a change in the law to allow retired people to continue to drive.
A Stanford University student who was jailed for sexually assaulting an unconscious female student has been released from prison after serving half of his four-year sentence.
A £270m plan to protect coastal rail lines in Devon and Cornwall from coastal erosion has been unveiled.
New York's Guggenheim Museum has unveiled a gold-plated urinal that allows visitors to use it as they wish.
A celebration of the centenary of the work of one of Scotland's most celebrated artists is to be held at the Scottish Maritime and Ocean (SMO) College in Skye.
People living in rural parts of Scotland are being left out of the benefits of the rollout of superfast broadband, according to a BBC Scotland investigation.
Education Minister Huw Lewis has set a new target of putting Wales in the top 20% of schools in the UK by 2021.
Talk has arrested three call centre staff in the Indian city of Kolkata on suspicion of breaching the company's data security policies.
Police in the US state of Iowa are searching for a man who shot and killed two police officers before turning the gun on himself.
The Scottish government is to increase the number of student teacher places by 15% next year, with a further £51m of funding.
Paul Lawrie says Rory McIlroy's recent form is a huge boost for Europe's hopes of winning the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine next month.
Jeremy Corbyn has won the backing of Unison, the largest trade union in the Labour Party, which has nominated the left-winger in its leadership contest.
England's Luke Donald is in a three-way tie for the lead at the halfway stage of the Arnold Palmer Invitational after a second-round 65 at Bay Hill.
Jamie Heaslip has been named in Ireland's unchanged team to face Wales in Saturday's Six Nations match in Cardiff.
Manchester City Council's chief executive has been suspended over an investigation into allegations of child sexual exploitation, the authority has said.
Netflix has announced that it is now available in all countries where it is available, with the exception of Russia.
John Hughes has resigned as Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager after two-and-a-half years in charge of the Scottish Premiership club.
For the first time in months, there is a sense of calm.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face charges over the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said.
Golfers can live longer and enjoy better health by playing the sport, according to a new study.
Former Australia international James Mason has signed a new one-year deal with Catalans Dragons, having been released by the French Super League side.
(Close): Shares in fashion retailer Burberry helped to lift the FTSE 100 to a record high, but mining shares weighed on the market.
Muslim Match, an online dating website for Muslims, has been hit by a security breach that has revealed details of more than one million members, according to reports.
Venezuela's Vice-President Tareck Aissami has hit back after the US imposed sanctions on him, accusing him of being involved in the country's drug trade.
A man has been stabbed in the neck in a paramilitary-style attack in west Belfast city centre.
The author of a novel set in the Cold War-era US has written a sequel to one of his best-known works, 30 years after it was published.
Tanzania's President Jakaya Kikwete has sacked a minister for failing to repay a $1m (Â£700,000; $1.1m) donation to a school where she serves as the main fundraiser.
Theresa May has survived the first bout of what will be a fight to stay in control.
US bank JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay a $13bn (£7.5bn) fine for its role in the 2008 financial crisis, according to reports.
Welsh cyclist Becky James has had "a few setbacks" in her recovery from a knee injury, according to her coach Mark Sutton.
South Korean team SK Telecom T1 have won the best-of-the-best League of Legends (LoL) title for the second time in three years.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored the only goal of the game as 10-man Bury were beaten by Sheffield United at Bramall Lane.
In the aftermath of the Paris terror attacks, the French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has said he is considering whether to take his son to see a psychiatrist.
All pictures are copyrighted by BBC Scotland.
Belgian prosecutors have charged a 25-year-old man in connection with the Paris attacks, as the highest security alert remains in place in Brussels.
Britain's James Guy and Rebecca Tutton won bronze medals on the penultimate day of the Olympic men's and women's swimming at Rio 2016.
Scottish Crofting Minister Aileen McLeod has agreed to hold further consultation on the Crofter Housing Grant Scheme.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made up his mind whether he will continue to own the club next season.
The pound fell by more than 1% against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate slowed to its lowest rate in more than two years.
The origin of Earth's carbon may have been explained by a collision between Mercury and another planet, a study suggests.
Asian markets were mostly higher on Friday, recovering from the previous day's losses, as shares in Sharp surged on reports of a possible takeover deal.
The FBI has been asked to help police in a case in the US state of Arkansas to access data on a phone used by one of the San Bernardino killers.
Ayr United have unveiled their new club crest after a design by a Peruvian graphic designer won the competition to design their new badge.
The driver of a lorry involved in a crash in Swansea has been taken to hospital after falling ill at the wheel, police have said.
The family of a West Yorkshire teenager said to have taken part in a suicide bombing in Iraq have said they are "heartbroken" by reports that he was killed in an attack in the country.
Six Belfast Giants players have signed new contracts with the Elite League club ahead of the 2017-18 season.
A 12-year-old boy who was found stabbed to death in his bedroom told a fellow pupil he was "going to skive for a very long time", an inquest has heard.
A Belfast man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has been released on bail after a judge granted a variation to his bail.
A new £2.5m research centre has been set up to tackle the growing cost of treating people with wounds.
In the aftermath of last week's deadly chemical weapons attack on a rebel-held town in Syria, President Donald Trump lashed out at his predecessor on Twitter.
Paul Foderingham hopes Rangers captain Scott Sinclair is "all right" after being racially abused by a fan at Ibrox.
The family of a doctor who tried to fly Prince to a rehab centre in the days before he was found dead at his Paisley Park home in Minnesota has been interviewed by police over the singer's death.
Twelve of Edinburgh's "dilapidated and neglected closes" are to get a makeover as part of a £1.5m project to revitalise the Old Town.
Belgium has begun enforcing a ban on women wearing full Islamic face-covering veils in public, despite a legal challenge to the law.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car in West Yorkshire.
Former Ireland and British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell has signed a one-year deal with Munster Rugby.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has joined the Liberal Democrats after leaving the party of Jeremy Corbyn.
Colombia's coca cultivation has increased by more than 20% in the last year, according to a United Nations report.
When you think of a winger, a 6ft 2in (2.1m) long, 6ft 3in (1.7m) wide-ranging winger, you might not think of Scotland.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Matt Chudley has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Olympic taekwondo gold medallist Djibril Cisse is used to being the talk of the world, but since winning his first gold medal in Rio in August, he has become a national symbol.
Talks are to be held on Friday between Southern rail bosses and union bosses to resolve a dispute over the role of guards on some of its services.
At least eight people are now known to have been killed in an explosion at a cement factory in the Portuguese state of Espirito Santo.
"I have been smoking cannabis for as long as I can remember," says 28-year-old Uruguayan cannabis farmer Cristian Crespo, who has been growing his plants for the past year.
Princess Anne has had her wedding hat auctioned off for charity after it went up for sale for £1,000.
Up to 27 North Sea oil fields have been shut down because of an oil leak at a platform in Shetland, the BBC understands.
Three British tourists arrested in Abu Dhabi on suspicion of taking photographs of aeroplanes are due to appear in court in the United Arab Emirates.
Hearts have completed the signing of Norway international Bjorn Johnsen from Dutch club ADO Den Haag for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Two young people have joined a new religious order in Monmouthshire which aims to "reduce the social divisions" of poverty and wealth.
Louis van Gaal's first season as Manchester United manager has taught him that there are no easy games in the Premier League.
The government's latest defence review will be the first in five years to assess the state of the UK's armed forces - but what does it say about the threats they face?
Wales' men have been relegated to the EuroHockey A Division for the first time in their history after losing to Scotland in the bronze medal match at the European Championships.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says he was impressed by the potential of winger Ben Woodburn when he joined the Premiership club in the summer.
Barcelona have been drawn to face Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Real Madrid in the Champions League group stage, with Pep Guardiola's first match in charge of the reigning champions.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked people for their support for his surprise decision to withdraw the country's most-used currency notes from circulation.
Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
England's Danny Willett leads the Race to Dubai by one shot after carding a three-under-par 68 to take a one-shot lead after the third round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has re-affirmed her support for Owen Smith in the party's leadership contest.
A Kent council has suspended its own litter wardens after the BBC's Panorama programme revealed they were wrongly fined for tipping coffee down a drain and putting recycling out on the wrong day.
(Close): The pound hit a one-month high against the dollar after a closely-watched survey indicated a sharp rise in UK service sector activity in May.
Clashes between police and rioters have broken out in parts of London for the second night in a row.
The number of cancer cases diagnosed in Wales has increased by more than 20% in the past decade, according to new figures.
I am looking forward to England's opening Euro 2016 match against Russia in Marseille on Saturday because I think it will be a much tougher test for us than we have faced in the last two finals.
The public interest in revealing details of undercover police operations in England and Wales will not be compromised, the public inquiry into the so-called "Trojan Horse" scandal has ruled.
The Rugby Football League (RFL) is to investigate an alleged bite on a Keighley Cougars player during a Challenge Cup match against Fryston Warriors.
Shirley Temple Black, one of Hollywood's best-known child stars, has died aged 88, her family has announced.
AFC Wimbledon have signed Millwall midfielder Franck Abdou on a season-long loan deal.
A Porto-based amateur footballer has been banned for four years for attacking a referee in a match between his own team and a Porto rival.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is celebrating his 70th birthday by conducting this year's British Proms at London's Albert Hall.
The body of a man whose body was found in a wheelie bin has been identified as that of missing mother-of-two Lauren Winning, police have said.
A police force has been criticised for failing to properly investigate allegations of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham, the police watchdog has said.
Southend United manager Phil Brown says he will appeal against the red card shown to his side in Saturday's 1-0 League One defeat by Gillingham.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders as part of a drive to tackle the attainment gap in schools.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
Cameroon international forward Christophe Assou-Ekotto has signed a two-year contract with French Ligue 1 side St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet as part of his plans to reform the country.
South African President Jacob Zuma has offered to pay back some of the money spent on upgrades to his state-of-the-art Nkandla home.
The body of a man whose body was recovered from the site of the collapsed Didcot Power Station has been returned to his family.
A Wrexham teacher who sent "creepy" messages to two teenage girls and bought gifts for them has been sacked.
The Scottish Wildlife Trust has said it is "on track" to have another successful breeding season for Lassie the golden eagle at Loch of the Lowes.
Three people have escaped injury after a fire at a house in Cookstown, County Tyrone.
Four residential care homes run by Cornwall Care have been rated as "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
President Donald Trump made a series of campaign promises during his first 100 days in the White House.
A reward of up to Â£10,000 has been offered for information leading to the recovery of a firearm used in the murder of a man in Dorset.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a west London pub.
London Welsh have been bought by a US-based investment group for an undisclosed sum following a second attempt to save the club from liquidation.
A former head teacher at a school for children with learning difficulties has been charged with historical child sex abuse.
Head teachers are to be trained in counter-extremism as part of a series of seminars aimed at helping schools prevent young people being drawn into terrorism.
Theresa May has said North Korea's latest missile test is "outrageous" and "provocative".
British actress Karen Gillan is to star as a villain in the new Marvel superhero film, Guardians of the Galaxy, which will be released in UK cinemas next month.
Manchester United have identified their summer transfer targets after winning the Europa League and are keen to strengthen their squad before the January transfer window closes.
A medieval stone bridge has reopened to the public for the first time in more than 100 years.
The UK has recorded its hottest temperature of 36.7C (98F) - the highest ever recorded - as the heatwave continues across the country.
What was the motive of Andreas Lubitz, the German pilot who deliberately crashed the Germanwings plane into the French Alps, killing all 92 people on board?
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons and keep their Pro12 play-off hopes alive.
Scientists believe they have found a clue to the asteroid that killed off the dinosaurs in the Chicxulub Crater in Mexico.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has claimed Wales gets a "ruthless deal" from the European Union.
Glamorgan's teenage duo Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd made their maiden first-class centuries as the Welsh county beat Cambridge University by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
Detectives investigating the murder of a man whose body was found in a New York subway have made a fresh appeal for witnesses.
What do you do if you can't stop your siblings from playing music at the same time?
Pop star Tove Loaf has been working on new music for the past five months.
A school in Oxfordshire could close after being rated "inadequate" following a damning Ofsted report.
Three of the UK's intelligence agencies are using a parenting website to try to recruit more women, the government has announced.
The last deep coal mine to close in South Yorkshire has been presented with a piece of coal to mark the "end of an era".
Shrewsbury Town have signed Reading midfielder Ryan Jules on a season-long loan deal, with the option of a permanent deal.
The European Commission has blocked the takeover of O2 by CK Hutchison, the owner of Three, from Spain's Telefonica.
Poetry has long been a staple of Sudanese culture, but in recent years it has taken on a new meaning in the country's capital, Khartoum.
Oldham climbed out of the League One relegation zone with victory over Peterborough at Boundary Park.
Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been arrested and taken to a police station in Rio de Janeiro as part of an investigation into a huge corruption scandal at the state-oil company Petrobras.
Solar storms are events that occur when charged particles from the Sun collide with the Earth's magnetic field.
Leicester Tigers have signed England lock Geoff Parling and Bath back-rower Olly Woodburn on one-year deals.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell for a second day in a row, dragged down by mining and construction shares.
CharityBuzz has raised more than $1.5m (Â£1.1m) for charity by auctioning off a lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook.
Adama Traore has been left out of Guinea's squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Swaziland.
Zambia and Cape Verde played out a goalless draw at the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon which saw DR Congo beat Tunisia 1-0 to finish top of their group and knock out Zambia out of the competition.
A Pembrokeshire village is looking for volunteers to help look after it and the surrounding area.
All frontline staff at benefit office offices should be trained to spot signs warning of suicidal people, the government has said.
Susie Wolff has been promoted to test driver at Williams for the next two seasons, the team have announced.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed striker Luke Lucas on loan from Bristol Rovers until the end of the season.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have visited a memorial garden created in memory of their mother to pay tribute to her.
At least 13 people have been killed and more than 120 injured in a van attack on Barcelona's famous Las Ramblas promenade in the Spanish city.
The completion of a resurfacing scheme on the A55 and A483 in Wrexham has been delayed for a second time.
Phil Taylor reached the quarter-finals of the PDC World Championship by beating Kim Huybrechts to set up a quarter-final against Raymond van Barneveld.
People in the UK are being invited to take part in a project to sequence the DNA of 100,000 people and publish it online.
Gillingham have re-signed David Crofts on loan from Brighton & Hove Albion until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent move in the summer.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries for England in the first of two warm-up matches against Sri Lanka at Edgbaston.
A search is under way for the body of a military helicopter which crashed into the sea off the north Wales coast.
Scotland's Local Government Minister John Swinney has told MSPs that local authorities have been given a "credible" financial settlement from the Scottish government.
Thousands of sheep have been sold at a major sale in the Highlands.
On Monday, thousands of people lined the skies above Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida to watch the launch of SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician, Pakistani officials say.
A heritage charity has called for an investigation into a dispute over who owns the right of way to a war graves memorial in France.
Boris Johnson's surprise announcement that he will campaign for the UK to remain in the European Union has been widely reported in Europe, with commentators in France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the rest of the EU drawing parallels with the "Battle of Britain".
Ulster moved level on points with Pro12 leaders Ospreys at the top of the table with a bonus-point win over Treviso at Kingspan Stadium.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season against a variety of guests.
A jobseeker has said she is "furious" after a company sent her an email describing her as a "home educated oddball" and "difficult to assess".
Jim Broadbent has received a standing ovation for his new portrayal of Ebenezer Scrooge in A Christmas Carol at London's Noel Coward Theatre.
The number of period tracking apps available on the market has exploded in the past few years - but are they safe to use and should you be concerned about what they might do?
The sisters of Oscar Pistorius have spoken out for the first time about the "heartache" they feel ahead of the South African athlete's sentencing.
Salford Red Devils have released half-back Chris Chase, forward Joe Pavey and forward Chris Paterson, but are close to agreeing a new deal for forward Jake Fages.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says it will be "very difficult" for his side to qualify for next season's Champions League.
Dame Judi Dench is supporting the work of Surrey Wildlife Trust.
The Queen has unveiled a new portrait of herself on the front of the new £1 coin.
The Conservatives and the Lib Dems have clashed over Labour's claim that the last Labour government cut funding for out-of-hours GP surgeries in England.
Patrick Reed won his first PGA Tour title with a one-shot victory at the BMW Championship in New York.
A report into the use of force used during the arrest of five men who tried to ram a police car outside a McDonald's restaurant in Carnoustie has said it was "necessary and proportionate".
The number of motorcyclists killed on London's roads has more than doubled in the last five years, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Northern Ireland Under-21 midfielder Ryan McNair has been named in the Northern Ireland squad for this summer's Milk Cup final against Scotland.
A hospital's accident and emergency unit has been rated "inadequate" for waiting times at the front of the queue for ambulances.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish Super Lig side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Premier League champions Chelsea.
The man accused of carrying out a deadly gun attack at a Florida airport has appeared in court in Florida, where he may face the death penalty.
A man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he did not think it was going to happen.
The Ross Sea has been designated as a Maritime Protected Area (MPA) - the first of its kind on the high seas.
Leicestershire's annual Diwali lights switch-on has been marked with one of the biggest celebrations in the UK.
Jackie Collins, the best-selling author of the Hollywood Wives series, has died at the age of 83, her family has announced.
A Japanese woman has gone on trial accused of murdering her fourth husband and three other men by poisoning them with cyanide, local media report.
A fish that escaped from a shopping centre's fish and chip shop has been found safe and well after spending three weeks on the run.
West Indies head coach Phil Simmons has apologised for his "outburst" during a press conference earlier this year in which he accused the West Indies selectors of voting against him at a selection meeting.
A man who went on the run for more than two years after posting pictures on social media of himself living the "high life" has been arrested.
Steve Backshall has told Newsbeat that he and Strictly Come Dancing's Ola O'Donovan have had a "learning experience" about dealing with bullying.
The makers of a new BBC Wales drama about the impact of living with mental health problems have enlisted the help of a Caerphilly man.
Bristol City head coach Alan Sturrock says he may have to use one of his youth players on the bench to fill a void left by the loss of top scorer Jordan Gibbons.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk is investigating the cause of a rocket explosion at Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station that killed a Facebook satellite.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling off a cliff in Dorset.
Two teenagers who were racially abused by Metropolitan Police officers have won damages of £11,000 in a civil case against the force.
The South African government has granted Zimbabwean First Lady Grace Mugabe immunity from prosecution after she failed to appear at a summit in Pretoria on Saturday.
A court in Russia has sentenced a group of teenage girls to jail for a "twerk dance" at a ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of World War Two victory over Nazi Germany.
Portsmouth midfielder Ryan Webster has joined Ipswich Town for an undisclosed fee after the League Two side signed him from Portsmouth for a fee of £1.5m plus add-ons.
Premier League football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to a new report from Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald says he is not trying to downgrade the standard of coaching in Poland.
Wales' Commonwealth Games long jump silver medallist Maxine Peake is aiming to set a new Welsh record when she competes in Cardiff on Saturday.
What do we know for sure about the Peshawar school massacre?
Old Mutual, the UK's biggest financial services group, has announced plans to split off its emerging markets and wealth management units into four separate companies.
Preston North End have agreed a pre-contract deal with former Morecambe midfielder Adam Barkhuizen ahead of his move to Deepdale on 1 January.
Ten Chinese cities have issued "red alert" air pollution alerts, the environment ministry has said.
The idea of a "morality police" - a police force set up to monitor the observance of Islamic law - such as the wearing of the headscarf in public - has long been a source of controversy.
Wakefield Giants reached the Challenge Cup final for the second time in three seasons by beating Huddersfield Giants at the John Smith's Stadium.
A car has ended up on top of another vehicle in a marked parking space in Edinburgh city centre.
The latest Batman film, The Dark Knight Rises, has been named best film of the year at the Empire Awards.
As an engineer who has worked on some of the most challenging projects in the oil and gas industry, Mark Barak knows all too well the challenges faced by companies trying to extract oil from the ground.
An Asda store in Manchester is to offer customers with autism the chance to shop in peace and quiet.
When the Syrian war broke out in 2011, Peter Barrett was working as a foster father to children in the south of the country.
Google's artificial intelligence system has become the first machine to master complex video games without any pre-programming.
Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia has completed his takeover of Championship club Aston Villa for £52m.
Brazilian and French intelligence agencies were not told of a possible terrorist attack on the Rio de Janeiro Olympics, France's defence minister has said.
Hibernian have signed Danny Swanson from St Johnstone for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
The European Union is struggling to come to an agreement on how to deal with the huge influx of migrants and refugees entering the EU this year.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has unveiled a new petrol engine that uses the same technology used in its rotary engines.
A football fan has been found guilty of throwing a punch at Crystal Palace mascot Kayla the Eagle during an FA Cup match at Selhurst Park.
Guatemala's former military leader General Efrain Rios Montt has been declared mentally unfit to stand trial.
A hospital has warned Pokemon Go fans not to use its A&E unit to play the augmented reality game.
Newcastle Falcons have signed back-rower Toby Flood from French Top 14 side Toulouse.
Rapper Nadia Croydon has been named as one of the best new female artists of the year at this year's Brit Awards.
Millwall came from two goals down to beat 10-man Bury and end a run of three straight League One defeats.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth after a successful mission to the country's first space station, state media report.
The chairman of a project to restore Cardigan Castle has resigned from his role to protect his family from "virtual persecution".
A German policeman has been killed in a shootout with a far-right extremist who had been on the run from police for several days, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones has defended the targeting of Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton ahead of Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham.
Johnston Press, the publisher of The Scotsman and the i newspaper, has reported a rise in annual pre-tax profits, despite a fall in revenues.
David Cameron's flagship free school in Birmingham has been rated "inadequate" in a report by Ofsted, the education watchdog.
A campaign to fund a legal challenge to Tony Blair's role in the Iraq War has reached its target of £50,000 in just nine hours.
China's Ma Xujia won his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with a 4-1 victory over China's Zhang Dongtao in the men's singles final.
An Australian woman who suffered life-changing injuries in a bushfire has become the first woman to complete an Ironman triathlon.
For years, Philips has been one of the world's biggest manufacturers of DVD and Blu-ray players.
The UK's contribution to the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is to be shipped to the US for final integration.
Morocco's re-admission to the African Union (AU) has ended years of uncertainty over the disputed territory of Western Sahara.
Johnny Depp's wife, actress Amber Heard, has filed for divorce from the Hollywood actor.
Nigeria have long been considered to be one of Africa's most successful football nations.
The annual Nychburris Horse Trials parade in Dumfries has passed off peacefully, police have said.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she expects to reveal the results of a survey the SNP launched to gauge public opinion on Europe, Brexit and independence next week.
The mother of a five-year-old girl with leukaemia has paid tribute to the blood donors who saved her daughter's life.
Comedian Caroline Mackichan is calling for a "a real sea change" in the culture of "crime porn", after speaking out against BBC Two's The Fall.
One of Northern Ireland's largest shopping centres has been sold after going into administration.
The Angolan government has backed down over a controversial new law that would have made it a crime to criticise the government on the internet.
A landlocked country in Central Europe, Hungary is one of Europe's most stable democracies, but has seen its political and economic fortunes change dramatically since the fall of communism.
A woman's hair was set on fire in a "nasty and extremely dangerous" attack at a McDonald's restaurant, Kent Police have said.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign a controversial new law banning gay sex, a spokesman for the president has said.
Award-winning director Ava DuVernay's latest film, Gods of Egypt, has apologised for failing to reflect the diversity of the time period.
Wales have reached the quarter-finals of Euro 2016 for the first time in their history, beating Northern Ireland 1-0 on Wednesday.
A second man has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a pregnant woman in east London.
Oscar-winning actress Dame Judi Dench has signed up to star in Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast.
Warrenpoint Town will host bottom club Dungannon Swifts in the Danske Bank Premiership game at Seaview on Monday night.
A leading technology expert has said he is "surprised" not enough people in Wales have access to high-speed broadband.
The parents of a woman who was stabbed to death in Italy in 2012 have said they are "living in a continuing nightmare" after an MP asked for a meeting with the Italian government to discuss the case.
UK industrial output fell in February for the second month in a row, while the UK's trade deficit widened in February, official figures have shown.
Young people in Northern Ireland have been speaking out about what they think the politicians should be doing to help them get into work.
Swansea City midfielder Luke Grimes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further year.
A man has been charged with attempting to smuggle drugs and mobile phones into a prison.
Gusts of up to 70mph could batter parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Bharatiya Ghosh, the author of the award-winning novel Sea of Poppies, has been giving a virtual tour of the residence of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee on Twitter.
The risk of a repeat of last year's Christmas flood is "unprecedented", according to a report into the damage caused by the collapse of a Grade II listed bridge.
Ipswich Town have signed Blackburn Rovers striker Ryan Moore on loan until the end of the season and defender Lee Spence on a permanent deal.
Worcestershire enjoyed the better of the first day against Glamorgan at New Road.
The Netherlands suffered a 2-0 defeat by Iceland in their opening Euro 2016 qualifier in Reykjavik, while Italy beat Malta 1-0 and Wales beat Bosnia-Hercegovina.
The remains of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright, two of the so-called Disappeared, have been formally identified and will soon be released to their families.
Olympic water polo player Lauren Adlington joined a host of Olympians to celebrate the reopening of a community swimming centre in Wrexham.
Plans to build houses on the site of Stoke-on-Trent City Football Club's former ground have been approved by the council.
US department store chains Macy's and Kohl's have reported a sharp fall in sales as shoppers shift more of their purchases online.
The National Air Traffic Service (Nats) has carried out a trial of a TV signal being used as a "radar" against wind turbines.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is investigating more than 100 allegations of child sexual abuse by police in England and Wales.
Charlton Athletic have signed Bordeaux striker Romuald Carrasco on loan until the end of the season.
Scientists have discovered a gene defect which could explain why some men are unable to produce sperm, a study suggests.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has been taken off a trade mission to China after his wife, Bernie, was diagnosed with cancer.
A church in North Yorkshire has spent thousands of pounds trying to get a colony of bats to move out of the building.
The French government has ordered the dissolution of a far-right youth group after a teenager was killed in a brawl in Paris.
Tony Bellew has ruled out a fight with Anthony Joshua, saying he is too good for the British heavyweight champion.
Maesteg Harlequins rugby player Ryan Watkins is one of two players to have been banned by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) for failing a drugs test.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon for the first time in three years with a hard-fought win over Italian qualifier Nicole Falconi.
The number of UK households renting property is set to rise five-fold over the next decade, according to a surveyors' group.
West Ham United reached the EFL Cup third round for the first time in their history with a comfortable victory at Cheltenham Town.
Greenock Morton defender Scott Duffy is targeting a "monumental upset" against Rangers in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie at Ibrox.
Two men have been charged with the rape and sexual assault of a 15-year-old girl in Sunderland.
Plans to store water from two disused quarries in Snowdonia to generate electricity have been approved by the Welsh Government.
Dover Athletic's National League game at Macclesfield Town has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
As Wales prepare for Euro 2016, we remember when they beat England 2-0 in the 1986 European Championship qualifier in Cardiff.
Professor Stephen Hawking is helping to raise the profile of science and technology education in the UK, by helping to launch a competition on Gumtree.com.
A police investigation is under way after a vehicle was set on fire in West Lothian.
Councils should be legally obliged to provide adequate public toilets for disabled people, disabled people and people with bowel problems, campaigners have said.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to go on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions, the Unite union has said.
The man suspected of carrying out last week's deadly bombing in the Turkish capital, Ankara, was the son of the father of a Kurdish militant, Turkish media report.
Plans to divert water from a Conwy Valley river to power a hydro power station near Conwy Falls have been refused permission.
A pensioner has denied causing the death of a teenage girl who was killed when he reversed over her while filling up with petrol.
The smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than any pit closure in the last decade, a former UKIP MP has claimed.
A life-size statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the Cheshire village of Timperley.
Members of the fire service in England and Wales are due to go on strike on Wednesday in a dispute over pensions.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival militias in the Libyan city of Benghazi, officials say.
A man accused of involvement in a £144,000 insurance fraud case has told a court he has no recollection of a car crash in which he claims he was injured.
The first week of Wimbledon is almost over and Ivo Karlovic beat Andreas Seppi 6-4 6-3 6-7 (4-7) 7-6 (7-5) 6-2 in the final of the men's singles.
This is the hand-written note on a tiny piece of paper found in the back of a toilet cubicle in an attic is to be featured in a special episode of the BBC's Antiques Roadshow.
Airbus and OneWeb, the UK’s OneWeb project to build the world's largest constellation of satellites, have begun assembling their first satellites.
A Pembrokeshire woman who went missing with her two-year-old daughter has been found safe and well, police have said.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has had an appeal against his murder conviction heard by the highest court in the country.
A court in Japan has given the go-ahead for the restart of two nuclear reactors that have been mothballed since the 2011 Fukushima disaster.
Aberdeen's first ever comedy festival is getting under way.
Ex-Crewe Alexandra footballer Lee Woodward has said he is still waiting to be visited by police investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse.
A petition calling for victims of revenge porn to be able to reveal their names has been signed by more than 10,000 people.
The head of India's censor board has resigned after a controversial film about the controversial leader of a religious sect in the northern state of Haryana.
Are you going to cut your hair off during a tennis match?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as presenter of BBC Radio 2's film show, after two years, the corporation has announced.
More than a third of rail passengers are paying more than they need to for their journey, according to new research.
University staff in Wrexham and Cardiff have taken part in a strike in a dispute over pay.
It's that time of year when you have to know how to make the most of the Christmas season.
Scottish engineering firm Aggreko has agreed to buy US firm Dryco, which specialises in HVAC and moisture control services.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has compared US President-elect Donald Trump to himself, saying the two share "some obvious similarities".
Five men have been cautioned for publishing the name of a woman who was raped by footballer Ched Evans in 2011.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat promotion-chasing Dover at Moss Rose.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Mick Jagger and drummer Keith Richards say they are planning a world tour to mark the band's 50th anniversary.
Britain's Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing to Belinda Krunic in the first round of the US Open.
Barnsley missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as Preston held them to a goalless draw at Oakwell.
A US-born basketball player has been found guilty of falsifying her birth certificate to play for a South Korean team in the country's women's league.
A new childcare voucher scheme to help families cope with the cost of childcare will be extended to all children under the age of 12, the government has announced.
The location of the 2017 National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion will be decided in the next few weeks.
Ben Rowley has resigned as Leigh Centurions head coach after two years in the job.
Liisa Ronkainen is one of 2,000 unemployed people in Finland taking part in a two-year trial of a basic income, the first of its kind in Europe.
Mount Etna, one of the world's most active volcanoes, has erupted for the first time in more than a decade.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Pyrgos says it will be a "huge honour" to captain his country at the Rugby World Cup.
As Iraqi forces continue their offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul, the BBC has been sending a team of journalists on the ground in the northern Iraqi city.
US President Barack Obama has met Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte for the first time since he called him a "son of a whore" during a meeting at the Asean regional summit.
When Taylor Swift spotted photos of a girl wearing red lipstick and sunglasses on her Tumblr, she thought she was Taylor Swift.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mostly unchanged on Monday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average closing at a record high, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq all edging higher.
When you watch a football match, it's easy to get bogged down in trying to remember all the key moments of the game.
A human foot has been found in Bristol - the third to be found in the same area of the city in less than a year.
Plans to demolish three Victorian buildings to make way for a hotel have been approved by Dorset County Council.
Pakistan's Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of an appeal by a Christian woman sentenced to death for insulting the Prophet Muhammad after a judge recused himself from the case.
Waiting time targets for mental health treatment in Wales are to be cut in half, the Welsh government has announced.
Australian rugby union player Ryan Hunt has been charged with being part of a cocaine trafficking syndicate in Queensland, Australia.
Former England and West Indies all-rounder Gareth Lewis is taking part in a one-off tour of County Championship cricket this summer to give advice to young cricketers.
Ross County strengthened their position at the top of the Premiership with victory at Kilmarnock.
Leinster moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Scarlets with a hard-fought victory over Connacht at the RDS.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his team will have to fight hard in the second leg of their African Cup of Nations second round tie against Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) after losing 2-1 to the Ugandan champions in Pretoria.
A Cornish mine which featured in the BBC One drama Poldark is to undergo a £1.5m revamp.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused rival Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa caucuses, days after he finished second in the contest.
Jazz Carlin says she has finally started to believe in herself after winning two Olympic silver medals at Rio 2016.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
In the aftermath of the general election, impressionists have been mourning the loss of some of their favourite politicians.
A letter written by Cressida Cowell, one of the best-known writers of the 20th Century, has sold for £3,000 at auction in Derbyshire.
Loganair has completed the first phase of a £15m programme to revamp its fleet of aircraft.
Police are searching for a family who left a three-year-old girl at a hospital before she could be admitted for treatment.
Volkswagen, the German carmaker hit by the emissions scandal, has delayed the release of its 2015 results as it continues to assess the cost of the crisis.
Thousands of people in the Indian state of Darjeeling have gone on a one-day strike to protest against the government's handling of a long-running dispute over the creation of a separate state.
Norwich City striker Bertrand Tettey said his goal against Southampton on Saturday was a "Yaya Toure moment" after scoring his first Premier League goal of the season.
Great Britain women produced a much-improved performance to beat New Zealand 3-2 in the Olympic bronze medal match at the Women's Hockey World League semi-finals.
Ahmad El Amrani has resigned as secretary general of the Confederation of African Football (Caf) following the ousting of long-serving president Issa Hayatou.
Police are searching for a man who has absconded from a Cardiff hospital.
Steve Smith will captain Australia in all formats of the game after Michael Clarke stepped down as skipper following the Ashes defeat by England.
Partick Thistle's Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with the Firhill club.
A man has been given an unpaid work order after he was found to be more than twice the drink-drive limit.
Championship side Birmingham City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jamal Hector on a season-long loan deal.
Yorkshire should get its own "White Rose Parliament", former cabinet minister David Blunkett has suggested.
Guiseley extended their unbeaten run to seven games with a 1-1 draw at promotion-chasing Gateshead.
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Callum Robinson and Fulham midfielder Luke Pringle on permanent deals.
Glasgow City Council has said it will take a "full debrief" of the Orange Order's annual parade after it was accused of singing a racist song.
The UK's fertility regulator has given the go-ahead for scientists to carry out pioneering experiments to edit human embryos.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in Melbourne to take a 2-0 lead in the one-day series as they sealed a 4-0 series whitewash.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
It's been a difficult few weeks for the Whitehall staff trying to get their act together.
The former Archbishop of Armagh, Father Gerard D'Arcy, has said Cardinal Seán Brady would have to offer his resignation if he was in the current position of leader of the Catholic Church.
Tributes have been paid to two men who died in a crash on a major road in which three people were killed.
Police have said nothing untoward has been found following a security alert on the west side of Glasgow city centre.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the UK fell by 1,000 to 1.3 million in the three months to June, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
Unilever, the world's biggest publicly listed consumer goods company, has reported a fall in sales for the year to the end of September.
Kurdish forces in Iraq say they have found traces of mustard gas on the bodies of Kurdish peshmerga fighters who were attacked by Islamic State (IS) militants last month.
A man has been rescued from a submerged car after police went into a reservoir to rescue him following a high-speed chase.
A new online database of care homes in England has been launched to help people compare the quality of care they receive.
An algorithm that will be able to make investment decisions on behalf of the company it will be working for is being developed in the US.
US cosmetics giant Johnson & Johnson has been ordered to pay $70m (Â£53m) to the family of a woman who died after using its talcum powder, after a jury found the company liable for her death.
France's Pierre Rolland won stage three of the Giro d'Italia for the first time as his Cannondale team-mate Rui Costa sprinted to victory.
Adebayo Akinfenwa rescued a point for Wycombe Wanderers with a late equaliser at Morecambe.
An 86-year-old woman fought off a would-be thief who tried to steal her bacon by hitting her over the head with a trolley.
Have you heard the one about the All-Ireland club hurling team of the year?
The parents of a three-year-old girl found dead on a double-decker bus have denied her murder.
The Danish shipping company Maersk has said it is "pleased" to learn that the crew of a container ship seized off the Iranian coast on Tuesday are safe.
Pedro has been released from hospital after suffering a broken nose in Chelsea's friendly against Shanghai SIPG on Sunday.
Three men and a woman have appeared in court charged with terror offences linked to so-called Islamic State.
The Labour Party has held Cardiff South and Penarth in a by-election, retaining the seat for the first time in more than 70 years.
A protest march has taken place in Lincolnshire against plans for a wind farm near Theddlethorpe.
World leaders are meeting in New York to begin the process of ratifying the Paris climate change agreement.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy may have led to an increase in the number of women seeking genetic testing for breast cancer, research suggests.
More than 1,000 people are waiting up to a year for a consultant-led appointment at the South Eastern Health and Social Care Trust, according to new figures.
A man has been injured after being hit in the head with a firework in north Belfast.
Nigel Stevens is sitting at a table in a cafÃ© by the marina on the Costa del Sol in Ibiza with his wife Kerry sitting next to him.
Hundreds of bottles of the detergent Vanish have washed up on a Cornish beach.
Yeovil Town Ladies have signed striker Sarah Heatherson for the 2017 Women's Super League One season after she signed a new one-year deal with the club.
A Northern Ireland football fan has denied taking part in any racist chanting during Saturday's Premier League match between Chelsea and Arsenal.
The mayor of a council where a fitness instructor's firm was given contracts worth thousands of pounds has resigned after a BBC investigation found evidence of a possible conflict of interest.
Shares in Premier Oil & Gas have jumped by more than 90% after the oil and gas explorer announced that it is to buy E.On's North Sea assets for $135m (Â£97m).
Derry City boosted their hopes of a top-four finish in the Premier Division by beating Bohemians 2-1 at the Brandywell.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after she shot at the car of a shoplifting thief in a busy parking lot.
Jack Marriott scored a first-half hat-trick as Peterborough ended a run of three straight League One defeats with victory at Bristol Rovers.
A Pembrokeshire bus company has gone into administration, the BBC understands.
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jordi Etxabeguren on a one-year deal.
Fireworks celebrations in the Chinese city of Tianjin have been called off after the city was blanketed in a thick blanket of smog.
Fernando Fernandez was born and raised in Cuba, but grew up in the United States.
Clashes have broken out in the Iraqi city of Fallujah between rival tribesmen fighting against Islamic State (IS) militants, officials say.
An Air Canada flight from Toronto to San Francisco came within 30m (98ft) of colliding with a taxiway at San Francisco's airport, investigators say.
Three brothers who sexually and physically abused girls in Rotherham between the age of 12 and 18 have been jailed.
The House of Lords has released a report on the future of the UK's fishing industry after the UK leaves the European Union.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to make a last-ditch effort to shore up the pro-EU campaign in the final days of the EU referendum, BBC Newsnight has learned.
The BBC's home affairs correspondent Nick Beake answers some of the questions you have about the London terror attack.
Arsenal have signed teenage Legia Warsaw midfielder Krystian Bielik on loan until the end of the season.
Rescue workers in Colombia are trying to recover the bodies of dozens of people who have been buried in mud after a landslide in the northern province of Antioquia.
A man has been arrested in connection with the London Bridge terror attack a week ago, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Spanish Football Federation president Angel Maria Angel Maria Villar has resigned from European football's governing body, Uefa.
The use of wild animals in circuses could lead to the closure of zoos, according to a trade body representing the industry.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a healthcare assistant who was stabbed to death at a mental health unit.
German police have arrested a Syrian man suspected of being part of a terrorist group in Syria, prosecutors say.
Ross Wallace scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday beat 10-man Huddersfield Town to move within a point of the Championship play-off places.
French broadcaster RTL has said it has found traces of a fuel additive in an investigation into the safety of a breast implant made by a French company.
The Welsh Labour leader has told her party's Welsh conference in Cardiff it is "fighting for Wales in Westminster and taking on the Tories' appalling treatment of our nation".
Portugal has become the first country to win the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in 20 years, with a song in the Portuguese language.
Four councillors fell asleep during a BBC Radio Gloucestershire debate on children's services, it has emerged.
Italy's Francesco Molinari won his first European Tour title by beating Ireland's Paul Dunne in a play-off at the Abu Dhabi Championship.
A record number of godwits have been spotted on the Scottish island of Tiree.
Papers in China have condemned remarks made by the Trump administration's nominee for secretary of state as "dangerous" and "unrealistic".
The search for a large wild animal that has been on the loose in the French state of lntermarche has been scaled back, officials say.
Five people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into the use of malware to spy on people through their own webcams.
Fifa has confirmed that an independent chairman will lead a taskforce set up to reform the sport's world governing body.
A first-time children's book written and illustrated by children's film-maker Rebecca Solomons has won the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award.
Staff at Eastbourne District General Hospital (DGH) have said they are "devastated" by plans to downgrade services at the Conquest Hospital in Hastings.
Guinea has become the first country in West Africa to be declared free of the deadly Ebola virus.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for US presidential hopeful Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
A 17th Century painting of Christ carrying the cross has been saved after a campaign to save it raised more than £1m in donations.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 72, the club has announced.
The pilot of a light aircraft has been taken to hospital after it crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Stuart McCall has described the pitch invasion by Millwall fans after their Championship play-off final as "nonsense".
The next parliamentary stage of the fiscal framework talks between the Scottish and UK governments has been delayed.
The Palestinian High Court in the West Bank has halted next month's presidential and parliamentary elections due to be held in Gaza and East Jerusalem.
Nigeria's former national security adviser, Sambo Dasuki, has been arrested in connection with a $1.3bn (£1.1bn) arms deal scandal, his lawyer has said.
Head coach Alexander Haig says Georgia would like to see the Six Nations expanded to eight teams, and is calling for the possibility of a promotion/relegation play-off.
The family of a woman who died after being hit by a car in Perthshire have paid tribute to her.
A Nigerian actress has been banned from the country's Hausa film industry after she appeared in a romantic scene in a music video.
UK house prices have risen faster in England and Wales than in Scotland and Northern Ireland, official figures have shown.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died aged 93, his family has announced.
A project to celebrate the life and work of one of Scotland's most famous poets is to be launched later this year.
In Timbuktu, in northern Mali, Djibril Toure, 23, is dancing with a group of friends as they celebrate the return of music to the city.
A Dyfed-Powys Police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A prison officer has been suspended after a girl was bitten by a police dog during a drugs test, the Ministry of Justice has said.
What do you see when you look out of your window in the middle of a desert?
Police Scotland has been accused of failing to record the scale of child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
A man who made a fortune from selling his collection of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" for Muslims, a former senior police officer has told the BBC.
Great Britain's men's handball team have failed to reach the Olympic finals for the first time in Rio after losing their opening three games at the Rio Games.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index ended the week down 1.7% after shares in Mitsubishi Motors fell more than 5% on Friday.
This is the first British official visit to Libya in more than two years.
George Clooney has been given the go-ahead to install high-powered CCTV cameras in his Oxfordshire home.
On 8 June voters will go to the polls to choose MPs to represent their views on the issues of the day.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland's (PSNI) chief constable has said he does not think a UK exit from the European Union would have a negative impact on policing in Northern Ireland.
Stephen Keshi has signed a new two-year contract to return as Nigeria coach for a second time.
South Africa completed a seven-wicket victory over England in the second Twenty20 international to seal a 2-0 series whitewash.
Ligue 1 side Lille have extended the contract of Burkina Faso Under-20 forward Djibril Bissouma until the end of the season.
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester city centre to celebrate the Hindu festival of Diwali.
South African anti-doping laboratory Bloemfontein has had its accreditation revoked by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
The RNLI has been forced to temporarily take one of its lifeboats out of service after a volunteer was asked to resign.
Virat Kohli's India will take on Pakistan in Sunday's Champions Trophy final at The Oval for a place in the history books.
A vicar accused of indecently assaulting a teenage girl is to face no further action, prosecutors have said.
Talks aimed at averting further strikes in the North Sea are to continue next week.
Essex's batsmen struggled on day one of their County Championship Division Two match against Worcestershire at Chelmsford.
A bank robber who posed as a Polish man to dupe a taxi driver into handing over a fake bomb in a bank robbery has been found guilty of attempted murder.
Jeremy Corbyn's nomination of the woman who led an inquiry into claims of anti-Semitism in the Labour Party as a member of the House of Lords has been defended by the party.
The first time we met Craig Wright, the man who claims to be Satoshi Nakamoto, we met him at a cafe in central London.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car in Manchester.
A consultation has been launched into the future of maternity services in Wrexham and Denbighshire.
North Korean hackers are believed to have been behind the global ransomware attack that affected the NHS in the UK in May, UK officials have said.
Powys council is to become the first local authority in Wales to have its own team to deal with complaints about estate agents.
They are the most decorated British Olympians of all time, the most successful couple in the history of the sport, and the most famous in the world.
More than 6,000 photographs of alleged torture victims in Syria smuggled out of the country have been found to be authentic, Human Rights Watch (HRW) says.
The Northern Ireland Secretary of State has been asked to explain why he did not take his seat when the Irish national anthem was played at the McKenna Cup final in Dublin.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it is investigating an incident in which a match official is suspected to have struck the head of Kawkab Marrakech defender Joseph Otogo-Castane.
In the middle of the rally, in a field in the back of the crowd, a man holds up a cardboard box.
Gaia Vince has won the 2015 Royal Society Winton Prize for her book about life in the Anthropocene.
Thousands of anti-government protesters are marching through the streets of Thailand's capital, Bangkok, as the country prepares for 2 February elections.
A man has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a 92-year-old woman who was run over in her car.
The Scottish government will not be given the power to cut Air Passenger Duty (APD) for direct long-haul routes from Northern Ireland airports, despite calls for the tax to be devolved.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde will take charge of the national team for the 2017 summer tour of New Zealand.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released satellite images that appear to show the destruction of an ancient Christian monastery in Iraq.
There is no significant difference in the risk of suicide among veterans compared with non-veterans, according to a new study.
More than a million people in England are not getting the care they need, according to a new report.
England captain Eoin Morgan is a "world-class player" despite criticism from Geoffrey Boycott, says James Anderson.
It has been described as Scotland's version of Peter Pan and for the past five years it has been one of the most talked-about buildings in the country.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud bod nifer yr ymwelwyr i Gymru, yn ôl Ysgrifennydd yr Economi, Ken Skates.
The Green Party, UKIP and the Liberal Democrats have claimed the NHS is being used as a "guinea pig for further creeping privatisation".
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined and six other companies have been ordered to pay a total of £37m for breaching competition law.
The founder of AC Milan football club is to be honoured in his home city of Nottingham, a writer has said.
A second case of bird flu has been confirmed in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
A security contractor with a gun was allowed to board a lift with US President Barack Obama while he was visiting a government building, US media report.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi dweud eu swyddogion hwy yn ymwybodol yn cael ei gwneud am y one-way system yng Nghymru, yn ôl gwasanaethau brys a'r cyngor Sir Ynys Môn.
Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has met the former leader of the main opposition party, Shwe Mann, for the first time.
The Crown Prosecution Service has said there is not enough evidence to bring charges against the Cheshire Forest Hunt over the "horrific" killing of a fox.
John Boehner, the outgoing Speaker of the US House of Representatives, is no stranger to tears.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been visiting Silicon Valley for the first time since becoming India's first prime minister in 2009.
Sports Direct chairman Keith Hellawell has launched a scathing attack on the way the company has been treated by the "extreme political, union and media campaign".
Two Canadian citizens have been arrested in China on suspicion of drug trafficking, according to reports from Beijing.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season against a variety of guests.
The US and other Western nations have said they will support Libya's UN-backed unity government in its fight against so-called Islamic State (IS).
The former treasurer of Spain's governing Popular Party (PP) is due to appear in court in Madrid in connection with allegations of illegal payments to members of the party.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina have held historic talks in the Indian capital, Delhi.
A man who was sexually abused as a child by a policeman has been jailed after he found his abuser's obituary on the internet.
Arsenal are not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, says Gunners manager Arsene Wenger.
A Malaysian court has sentenced a British woman and three other foreign tourists to jail terms for stripping off on the country's highest peak.
Finding Dory has held on to the number one spot in the UK box office for a second week in a row, with Mila Kunis' latest release topping the chart.
The proportion of babies born by Caesarean section in some European countries is higher than in other parts of the EU, a study has found.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended amid an investigation into allegations of gross misconduct.
Great Britain's bid to host the 2017 World Taekwondo Championships has been awarded the right to stage the event in London next year.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the La Liga champions.
Mae'r Gymraeg yn ysgol y Bannau yng Nghymru wedi dweud bod yn nifer y disgyblion sy'n astudio trwy gyfrwng Cymraeg, yn ôl y cyngor.
Welsh snooker player Mark Williams will play in the first round of the World Championship qualifying rounds on Tuesday.
Three people have been charged after a protest at Heathrow Airport over plans for a third runway was held on the northern runway.
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has left the White House.
Charlton Athletic have released striker Karim Ghoochannejhad and defender Thiago Motta, while nine players have signed new contracts with the League One club.
A former Gloucestershire Police community support officer has been jailed for having sex with female victims of crime.
Fleetwood Mac will headline this year's Isle of Wight Festival, it has been announced.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is not planning to leave Russia, his lawyer has said, contradicting earlier reports that he had been given travel documents.
Norwich City have held talks with former Walsall manager Jim Money about a return to management, reports BBC Radio Norfolk.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has told Israel that Russia will not intervene in the conflict in Syria.
A search is under way for a kayaker who has gone missing after his boat overturned in Surrey.
A memorial fountain has been unveiled in memory of the Czechoslovak soldiers who carried out a daring World War Two mission against Nazi Germany.
The organisers of a year-long celebration of Hull's Olympic and Paralympic heritage have said they are "thrilled" to have reached their fundraising target of £30m.
South Yorkshire Police Chief Constable David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests.
Austria has said it will cut the number of asylum-seekers it takes in, in an attempt to ease tensions over Europe's migrant crisis.
Investigators looking into the downing of flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine say they have found parts from a suspected Buk missile system.
A former youth worker who was jailed for child sex abuse displayed "many grooming behaviours" while employed by a local authority, a report has revealed.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia is to have a bone marrow transplant in Manchester.
Fossils of the first pine trees have been found in a Canadian quarry that date back to the Cretaceous period, scientists have discovered.
Plans for a £22m project to recharge a Dorset beach have been described as "open and transparent" by the project's developer.
Antonio Conte's reign as Chelsea manager has been described as "the most difficult in the history of the Premier League" - and it has not been short on drama.
Great Britain's Jack Burnell won the men's 100m freestyle title at the London Anniversary Games for the first time since the Rio Olympics.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has met for the first time since the general election, with the Democratic Unionist Party's Martin McGuinness re-elected as first minister.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Callum Nelson and Hartlepool striker Ryan Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during the Premier League match between Leicester City and Aston Villa at King Power Stadium in March.
Three women have been arrested over the death of a pupil who fell into a swimming pool at a stately home.
Emma Croker will make her first start of the Women's Six Nations as England women make two changes for Saturday's game against Ireland.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday.
Debris from a woodland near Loch Ness could be the source of the mystery of the Loch Ness Monster, it has been suggested.
The UK economy grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in the first quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
A County Durham bridge has been closed due to a series of landslips.
Mauritius police have arrested one of the country's best-known footballers, Michael Leopold, on suspicion of drug dealing.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix and cut the gap at the top of the Formula 1 world championship.
Artist Damien Hirst is to publish his autobiography, White Mischief, which will tell the story of his early life and early career.
Aberdeen chairman Stewart Milne has said the club remains committed to building a new stadium.
Two dogs left homeless after a motorcyclist was killed in a crash in Snowdonia have found a new home.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a three-year-old girl by dangerous driving after a crash in Oxfordshire.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was hit and killed in Staffordshire.
Arsenal Ladies midfielder Hope Akpan has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Workout facilities at a Glasgow gym are to be re-opened in April after being closed for more than a year.
Ennio Morricone has said he was flattered by the chance to work with director Quentin Tarantino again, despite previously criticising the director for his "horror and ghastly" films.
Paul Dasaolu secured his place at this summer's Olympic Games by winning the 100m at the British Championships in 9.93 seconds.
More than a quarter of Australia's children are living in poverty, according to a new report.
A pharmaceutical firm is to create up to 1,000 new jobs at a new factory in Northumberland.
New Leicester Lions owner John Bates says he hopes to have a new team in place by the start of the new season.
A man has been found dead at a recycling works in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with the murder of her two-year-old daughter is to remain in a mental health unit at Altnagelvin Hospital, a court has been told.
Detectives investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man a year ago have made a fresh appeal for information a year after his death.
MPs have called on the Home Office to issue "urgent guidance" on the use of head-down restraints on deportation flights, after a report found that some private security guards used racist language among themselves.
African scientists are working on a new way of understanding why some people with Huntington's disease are more prone to developing the disease than others.
Early access to life-saving HIV drugs should be made available to all people living with the virus, say campaigners.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders player David McAllister on a one-year deal.
Farmers will be able to manage their own drainage ditches to reduce the risk of flooding, the government has announced.
A man who played Fred Flintstone in TV's Iron Man has won the title of Europe's Strongest Man.
Holidaymakers are being conned out of thousands of pounds a year by fraudsters trying to sell them fake airline tickets and hotel bookings, figures show.
Ofsted has raised concerns about a lack of respect for women at some of England's Muslim and Christian schools.
Worcestershire have re-signed New Zealand all-rounder Mitch Santner for the 2017 T20 Blast.
West Ham Ladies have signed a new five-year deal with the Women's Premier League club, which will see them join the men's side from next season.
Drama school audition fees and a lack of opportunities for young people from poorer backgrounds are preventing them from taking up a career in the arts, a report has said.
Southampton reached the EFL Cup third round for the first time in the club's history after beating Crystal Palace at St Mary's.
Michael O'Leary has won his long-running dispute with Al Ahli Al Jazira over the compensation he claims he should receive after being sacked by the club in 2011.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and ex-chief executive Rebekah Brooks are to stand trial next year accused of conspiring to unlawfully intercept phone calls.
Twenty-six Italian track and field athletes have been accused of failing drugs tests by the country's anti-doping authorities.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and hired arsonists to attack her home has been jailed for eight years.
Mexican police are searching for a man suspected of kidnapping one of the country's best-known footballers, Guillermo Pulido, after the player escaped with minor injuries.
Leicester City's winless start to the Premier League season continued as they were beaten by Bournemouth at Vitality Stadium.
Uefa president Michel Platini has lodged an appeal against his two-year ban from all football-related activity after being found guilty of corruption by Fifa's ethics committee.
Airline Monarch has said it expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year in October, the BBC understands.
Plans to form a new police and crime district in the Cotswolds could threaten the whole of Gloucestershire, the county council (CDC) has said.
A council has defended plans to cut 1,400 jobs and make £134m of cuts over the next three years as it tries to balance the books.
Goldman Sachs is changing the way it recruits students as part of a shift away from face-to-face interviews.
Liverpool moved up to second in the Premier League table with a comfortable victory over Leicester City at Anfield.
Gloucester booked their place in next season's European Challenge Cup final with a hard-fought win over La Rochelle.
A couple from New Zealand have become the first in the world to marry in the church of the Pastafarian religion.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged four Russian intelligence officers with hacking into Yahoo accounts.
The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) is calling for Premier League clubs to set up their own in-house ticket exchange in an attempt to tackle illegal ticket trading.
The chief executive of infidelity dating website Ashley Madison has had emails from his personal account hacked, according to a new report.
The population of Northern Ireland is expected to rise by 1.7% over the next five years, from 1.1 million to 1.2 million people, according to new figures.
Conor Thomas scored a late goal to give Swindon Town their first away win of the season as they beat Millwall at the County Ground.
An appeal to trace a man who went missing more than a month ago has gone on national TV and radio.
A lorry has ended up in a ditch in the size of a football pitch after delivering part of a wind turbine to a recycling yard.
Artificial intelligence has been trained to diagnose skin cancer by analysing hundreds of thousands of images of people's skin.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday's Premier League opener against Tottenham, says manager Louis van Gaal.
Former Premier League footballer David Carlisle has been given a 12-week suspended sentence for failing to give a breath sample while under the influence of alcohol.
A major road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week due to flooding.
A fox that was rescued after being found stranded on the side of the road in Conwy county has been released back into the wild.
US talk show host Rosie O'Donnell has revealed she has had a stent inserted in her heart after suffering a heart attack.
Portsmouth has marked Victory in Japan Day with a special service at the VJ Memorial.
Tributes have been paid to a boxer who died after being hit with a single punch in a boxing match.
Thousands of people have attended funerals in the Brazilian town of Salgar, where dozens of people died in a landslide and flooding on Monday.
Venezuela and Cuba have long been close allies, but the relationship between the two neighbours is deteriorating at an alarming rate.
The light above the Houses of Parliament is to be switched off for the first time in more than 100 years, the House of Commons has announced.
Luka Modric's injury-time equaliser for Real Madrid denied Barcelona a first La Liga win of the season, says coach Luis Enrique.
A huntsman has told a court he was present when a fox was shot by a hunt's hounds, despite claims to the contrary.
A man who defrauded his employer out of thousands of pounds has been ordered to repay more than £115,000 he stole from the firm he worked for.
It's not every day you hear that wine and cheese are going to be banned from the shelves of European supermarkets, but that's exactly what the Russian government is considering.
The family of a British man accused of illegal possession of weapons in India have said they are "surprised and disappointed" by a court's decision to delay a hearing in the case.
The number of nursing and midwife vacancies in the Scottish NHS has risen by more than a quarter in the last year, according to new figures.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old son punched his younger son in the stomach, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy diver has returned to the site of the sunken warship HMS Coventry to mark the 30th anniversary of the sinking of the warship.
The Crown Estate has confirmed it will manage two new wave and tidal energy projects off the south west coast of Wales.
Jockey AP McCoy said he was "very lucky to be alive" as he was presented with the Champion Jockey's Trophy for a record-equalling 20th time at Cheltenham.
A judge has ruled that Jet2 must pay compensation to passengers who claim they should have been entitled to compensation for delays of more than three hours.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations that the US spied on her mobile phone are "grave" and "deeply disturbing".
Swansea City have won the EFL Trophy for the second time in three seasons after beating Reading in the final of the 2016-17 season.
Plans to turn part of one of the country's busiest roads into a dual carriageway near Stonehenge are "not worth fighting for", an MP has said.
Labour leadership candidate Andy Burnham has said he is "hopeful" of winning the contest, saying he has "an outside but realistic chance" of becoming party leader.
The Conservatives have said they will not cut the top rate of income tax for those earning over £150,000, but will increase the level of the tax-free personal allowance to £12,500.
The plight of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim minority has been described as "one of the worst humanitarian disasters" of the 21st Century.
The inheritance tax (IHT) is one of the last remaining ways that people can pass on their wealth without paying any tax.
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed to buy one of Scotland's largest independent stockbrokers as part of a plan to expand its savings division.
The BBC has announced plans to launch 11 new language services on the BBC World Service as part of a £289m investment over the next three years.
A man has been found guilty of masterminding a £159,000 insurance fraud on First Group buses.
A Canadian man says he's lucky to be alive after being struck by lightning during his son-in-law's wedding ceremony.
Children who play with touchscreens are less likely to sleep well, according to the first study to investigate the impact of touchscreen use on sleep.
Cornish Pirates have signed scrum-half Laurence May, full-back Jack Pope and centre Jack Moyle ahead of the 2017-18 season.
Two teenagers who died in a crash in Cumbria have been named by police.
Council meetings could be made a "statutory requirement" for local authorities to stream them online, under plans to be considered by the Welsh Government.
Kurtley Beale scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps moved up to second in the Premiership table with victory at Bath.
Newsround has been talking to Vlogger Nikki about how she stays safe on the internet and how to stay safe on social media.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of former Scotland and Rangers footballer Robert Snodgrass after he failed to appear in court.
The Somali authorities have released a video purporting to show the moment a passenger on a Daallo Airlines flight from Mogadishu to Djibouti was caught on camera apparently handing over a laptop to a suspected suicide bomber.
Mauricio Macri, the man who has been sworn in as Argentina's next president, has given his first interview to the press since his victory in Sunday's presidential election.
The mother of a man accused of murdering a pensioner in a road rage attack has told a court he told her he had "done something really bad or something really wrong".
Shares are to go on sale to raise £300,000 for the restoration of a Grade II* listed pier in East Sussex.
Microsoft has admitted that it searched a blogger's Hotmail account in order to find out who had stolen parts of the next version of the Windows operating system.
Welsh Transport Minister Ken Skates has claimed it would take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to the standards he wants, BBC Wales has learned.
A man has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries after a crash in County Antrim.
South African students have voted overwhelmingly to remove a statue of Cecil Rhodes from the campus of one of the country's top universities.
Newport Gwent Dragons chief executive Mark Davies has criticised Newport County boss Graham Westley's comments about the state of the Rodney Parade pitch.
GCSE results for Welsh pupils have been released, with a record 66.6% achieving A* to C grades.
East Midlands Airport is celebrating 50 years of service to passengers and cargo.
The UK is hunting a string of British fugitives who have gone on the run in Spain, Portugal and Tenerife.
Andy Murray's coach Darren Sears has apologised to the British number one player for swearing during the Wimbledon semi-finals.
Boat owners have been warned not to disturb Jersey's man-made coral reefs, which are home to migrating birds.
Wrexham's new super-prison will not have a Wrexham as its official name, the government has said.
Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from League Two rivals Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the River Taff in Cumbria.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a three-week-old baby boy who was bitten by a dog in Gateshead.
A man has been refused bail after a court was told his dog chewed at his electronic monitoring tag in an attempt to get him to go for a morning walk.
Sir Vince Cable has said he is "encouraged" by Tata Steel's management buyout of its UK operations.
A man who has been refused a McDonald's drive-thru because he is a man who uses a horse-drawn vehicle has said he will "stay on the car park until it is sorted out".
Valencia's winless La Liga run extended to eight matches as Diego Sanabria's penalty gave Atletico Madrid victory at the Nou Camp.
A judge in Brazil has found a rancher guilty of the murder of a conservationist who was shot dead during a land dispute in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat diet is more effective than a low-carb one at getting people to lose weight, according to US scientists.
Inmates at a high-security prison are being put at risk by a lack of basic services, according to a new report.
Scottish 1500m record holder Laura Muir will compete at the European Indoor Championships in Serbia next month.
The future of the NHS in Wales has been used as a political football in the general election campaign.
Hospitals in Scotland are spending an average of almost £1,000 per day on food and drink, according to new figures.
Apple has warned that sales of iPhones will continue to decline in the next three months, sending its shares down 2.7% in after-hours trading.
London-based computer trader Anthony Sarao has appeared in court in the UK accused of manipulating US stock markets.
Great Britain have qualified for the semi-finals of the Davis Cup for the second successive year by beating Argentina at Wimbledon.
The Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has had a security check at Sydney Airport carried out by an airport worker who ordered a full body pat-down, it has emerged.
A man has been taken to hospital following an explosion at an industrial unit in north Belfast.
A former police detective who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in cases that were outside his remit has been cleared of misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South African all-rounder Dane van der Nerwe on a one-year deal.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated in California as firefighters continue to tackle a wildfire that has destroyed more than 100 homes and damaged dozens of others.
Aberdeen-based gas compressor manufacturer Vert Rotors has secured a £1.5m investment to expand its manufacturing operations in Edinburgh.
Bank of Scotland has begun the process of introducing a new plastic banknote featuring images of the Forth Bridge.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich Town.
Chamitra Chand has come a long way in the space of a year.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have made a "significant" seizure of herbal cannabis with an estimated street value of about 1.5m euros (Â£1.1m; $1.2m) in a raid.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has described the European Union's relationship with Israel as "crazy".
A business leader has called for Cardiff Airport to be renamed Cardiff International Airport in honour of the people who died in World War Two.
A man arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found in a field in Hampshire has been released on bail.
The head of cycling's world governing body, Brian Cookson, says he is "not trying to dodge any responsibility" for the "culture of fear" within British Cycling.
The BBC Scotland election debate will take place on Thursday, 7 May at 19:00 BST on BBC One Scotland.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has told business leaders in a speech in the City of London that his country is on the verge of a "revolution" as he visits the UK for the first time.
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is to rise by 5% from next year.
Relatives of two British soldiers who died in World War One have attended a ceremony to mark the centenary of their deaths.
Mae'r gwasanaeth iechyd yng Nghymru wedi dweud wrth i feddygon yn cael ei sefydlu yn yn dechrau triniaeth benodol, yn ôl i'r cyfraddau goresgyn canser.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud eu gweithredu cyffredin ar draws y Deyrnas Unedig yn dilyn Brexit, yn ôl Prif Weinidog Carwyn Jones.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) is to release land at 13 military sites across the UK to allow the construction of up to 12,000 new homes.
Wycombe Wanderers moved out of the League Two relegation zone with victory at 10-man Dagenham & Redbridge.
Batsman Dawid Malan made a career-best 46 on his England debut as they beat South Africa by eight wickets to win the Twenty20 series 2-0 at Taunton.
A chameleon found abandoned in a Cardiff park has had to be put down after being found badly injured.
The organisers of T in the Park have announced a major revamp of the campsite layout and improved security for this year's festival.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is focusing on the southern part of the search zone near where a Chinese boat has detected a second signal, Australian officials say.
If you've ever struggled to deal with depression, you'll know it can be hard to know what to do about it.
A look back at some of the best entertainment news over the past 12 months.
Tributes have been paid to a man who was killed in a crash in Fife.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson on a five-year contract.
Birmingham City have signed striker Kyle Vaughan on loan from Birmingham City until the end of the season.
A 73-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Gwynedd.
On a day of football-related news from around the country, we look back at some of the top stories of the week in the sport world, including the return of a football club to the big screen and a new club crest.
It is 60 years since the first Indian team took part in the first World Cup, which was held in New Delhi in 1958.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says it was "fantastic" for Swansea City to come from behind to beat Aston Villa and end a five-game losing streak.
Mick Fanning has won the Women's World Surf League (WSL) title at the Pipeline Masters in Hawaii, hours after the death of his brother Peter.
Dutchman Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire by just four seconds to take the overall lead.
Greece is one of the poorest countries in Europe right now.
A man has been arrested after reports of a man with a gun in south London.
Fifa's Congress in Zurich was supposed to be a chance for delegates from around the world to gather to discuss the latest developments in the scandal-hit world of football.
The only "sensible plan" is to abandon plans to redevelop Euston station, an MP has said.
Plans to build hundreds of student flats on Donegall Street in Belfast city centre have been submitted to the High Court.
The UK film industry spent an all-time high on making films last year, according to the British Film Institute (BFI).
This summer's BBC Proms will feature the work of more than 1,000 primary school pupils.
Sam Mitchell-Blake has become the first Briton to run under 20 seconds in the 200m at the college level.
Argentina qualified for the last 16 of the Under-20 World Cup with a 3-0 win over Guinea-Bissau in the final match of the group stage.
Six teenagers have been jailed for a series of "shocking" armed robberies on motorbikes and cars.
Dundee City's American owner has announced plans to expand the club's Dens Park ground by buying land near the city's Ice Arena.
Serena Williams won her 23rd Grand Slam title with victory over sister Venus in the Australian Open final at Melbourne Park.
EastEnders star Danny Dyer has been named best soap star at the Tric Awards, which honour the best of the year in the TV and radio industry.
Councillors are to meet later to discuss a range of projects being discussed as part of the Glasgow and Clyde Valley City Deal.
The Welsh Green Party has launched its manifesto for the local elections, promising to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in the energy sector.
The new owners of a car park in Bristol have unveiled plans to improve the look of the area, which have been described as "worn out".
Craig Coetzer believes Scotland's return to international cricket is crucial as they prepare to face Afghanistan in the one-day series opener on Monday and Wednesday.
The childhood home of George Harrison's childhood home in Liverpool has been sold at auction for £250,000.
A World War One medal found in a Pembrokeshire field has been reunited with the family of a soldier who fought in the conflict.
The family of a man whose body parts were kept by a police force for 23 years have been told they will be contacted about the discovery.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann has said he is "devastated" by the news that new signing Ryan Shaw has broken his leg in training.
Chinese shares saw their biggest one-day fall in more than two years on Friday as trading resumed after a three-day holiday.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its offer of a dual contract to Scarlets scrum-half Scott Williams.
A prison has used a crane to break up a haul of drugs seized on the roof of a high-security jail.
The families of two women who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
Two former prison officers in Leeds have started a charity to help ex-offenders find work after leaving jail.
Mexican investigators have begun exhuming the remains of more than 1,000 people whose bodies were buried in a mass grave in the state of Morelos.
Global warming poses a "double jeopardy" to species living in the wild, according to new research.
Plans to build a new motorway on the Gwent Levels could have a "major impact" on protected habitats, a public inquiry has heard.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England held interest rates at 0.5%.
Prime Minister Theresa May has received a letter setting out the scope of the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire, in which at least 79 people died.
A German man has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the United States, German prosecutors say.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's production of Matilda has been forced to cut short two performances after the actress playing the title character was unable to sing any of the songs.
The Court of Session (CAS) has called on the Scottish government and private parking companies to "clean up" the way they deal with customers.
Labour has held on to Cardiff North, beating the Conservatives by more than 2,000 votes.
Eurozone finance ministers have urged Greece to stick to the terms of its bailout after the conservative New Democracy party won the most votes in Sunday's election.
The oil producers' group Opec, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec), has been described as "the most important thing happening in the world of oil".
Switzerland striker Zeli Mehmedi says too much attention is focused on Lionel Messi when his side face Argentina in their World Cup quarter-final on Thursday.
David Cameron has been to Vale of Glamorgan before.
No action will be taken against a man accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in Aberdeen.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.
The organisers of the Mumbai Film Festival have said they are "shocked and upset" after the Indian government refused to give permission for a documentary about the impact of caste on the meat industry.
Archaeologists say they have pieced together fragments of stone flooring found at one of the holiest sites in Judaism and Islam.
Salmon has been the fastest-growing export in the UK in the first half of the year, according to new figures.
Oxford United will host Scunthorpe in the first round of the EFL Trophy, while Wycombe Wanderers will travel to League Two side Blackpool.
A Londonderry woman has pleaded guilty to stealing £1,000 from a cancer charity.
Young tenants are becoming the biggest victims of identity theft in the UK, according to a new report.
Police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a 23-year-old man was found in an Edinburgh flat.
More than 1,000 people have been charged in connection with dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland since the beginning of the year, the PSNI has said.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to two charges relating to cyber attacks on parenting website Mumsnet.
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were stabbed to death in Oxfordshire is due to take place later.
Voters across Wales will go to the polls on Thursday to decide who will run their local councils in the local elections.
Rock star Phil Collins has donated his collection of Alamo memorabilia to the state of Texas, where it will go on permanent display.
Castleford Tigers ended Wakefield Trinity's hopes of a top-eight finish in Super League with an emphatic second-half victory at the AJ Bell Stadium.
Falkirk manager Mixu Paatelainen believes the battle to avoid relegation will go down to the final day of the season.
A tiny iguana has been spending months holing up in a tree in Suffolk, refusing to come down.
It's almost time for the biggest night in the music industry - the Brit Awards!
The UK has moved a key part of Europe's next-generation space astrometry mission to orbit the Sun.
Ride-sharing service Uber is facing a lawsuit from one of its female employees who says she was sexually harassed at work.
Manchester United have been given an extension to the transfer deadline to sign goalkeeper David De Gea from Real Madrid after their deal to sign the Spain international fell through.
I'm told that the United States is going to ban laptops and tablets from the cabin on all flights from Europe to the US.
Details of Prime Minister Charles Michel's office and the chancellery next door to the US embassy in Brussels have been made public for the first time, Belgian media report.
A fruit-seller in China has died after being hit with a metal bar after he tried to sell watermelons at a popular tourist spot, state media report.
Netherlands midfielder Nadja Middag has signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract with Women's Champions League holders Arsenal Ladies, signing a new deal until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie has said his eye is "all good" after being taken to hospital following a clash of heads in a pre-season friendly.
Danny Hylton scored his first goal of the season as Luton and Exeter played out a goalless draw at Kenilworth Road.
Rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album of previously unreleased material, entitled Untitled Unmastered.
Thousands of people have turned out to celebrate the start of the Ice sculptures festival in Berlin, Germany.
Manchester City Council bosses are to get pay rises of up to 7.6% next year, the council has announced.
A Canadian bill to change the lyrics of the country's national anthem to make it gender-neutral has passed its first parliamentary hurdle.
A former Michigan State University sports doctor has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing a girl under 13 years old.
A Derby woman who was wrongly accused of plotting to murder the prime minister during World War I is being honoured with a blue plaque.
Tributes have been paid to five British people who died when a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of Canada's British Columbia province of British Columbia.
World number one Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a major championship after winning the Women's British Open at Royal Birkdale for the first time at the age of 17.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has signed a new contract with Borussia Monchengladbach.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex-girlfriend's boyfriend in a "jealous rage" in Lancashire.
Tony Andreu was denied a penalty as 10-man Dundee United were held to a goalless draw by Raith Rovers at Stark's Park.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year as it continues to grapple with the impact of a major restructuring.
The owner of Argos has reported a slight slowdown in sales at the retailer, which is being targeted by Sainsbury's.
In our series of letters from African journalists, filmmaker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the lessons of the Arab Spring.
Jessie Hill is one of the most sought-after back-up singers in the history of the music industry.
Hundreds of cyclists have taken part in the Gran Fondo cycling event in Plymouth.
Police in the southern Indian state of Kerala are hunting for the killers of a Muslim woman who was shot dead in her office.
A man who knocked a police officer off his bike in a hit-and-run crash has been jailed for two years.
A man has died after falling off a yacht in Loch Lomond Bay in Perthshire.
The sister of a woman murdered by an Army soldier accused of stalking and stabbing her has told a court he was "obsessive" and "creepy".
A collection of Victorian and Edwardian children's pram and toy shops have sold at auction for more than £6,000.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by three wickets to win the One-Day Cup for the first time in four years.
A five-year-old boy has become the youngest person to be investigated for sexting, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to Bristol Airport has been jailed for two years and three months.
England produced a masterclass to take a huge step towards a historic victory over Australia in the first Test at The Oval.
Huddersfield Giants half-back Sio Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League side.
Lenovo and Acer have unveiled smartphones with bigger batteries that they say can last up to three days between charges.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has issued a warning about the dangers of processed meat.
Members of the Southern rail conductors' union are to go on strike next month in a dispute over plans to change the role of conductors.
A new dissident republican group calling itself the IRA has said it was responsible for the murder of prison officer David Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has welcomed a UK proposal on the future of EU citizens living in the UK, saying it is a "good start".
Kim Hyun-hyun won her first LPGA title with a play-off victory over Mexico's Carlota Ciganda at the Lorena Ochoa Invitational in Mexico City.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action after an anti-gay party used a photo of her boyfriend on a leaflet opposing gender teaching in schools.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has won silver at the second World Cup bouldering event of the season after finishing second in the final.
Dairy Crest, the UK's biggest milk processor, is to sell its loss-making dairies business to a German company in a bid to cut costs and increase exports.
Spending by consumers in the UK is starting to "splutter", according to a report from Visa.
A wheelchair user who lost his leg after being hit by a train door has said he is trying to raise awareness of the barriers faced by people with disabilities.
A Buckingham Palace fountain in Warwickshire is to be filled with water from a nearby lake to help celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday.
British astronaut Tim Peake will make history on Tuesday when he blasts off into space.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in the head in Lincolnshire.
Fernando Alonso extended his lead at the top of the Formula 1 championship to 34 points after beating Jenson Button and Sebastian Vettel to victory in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
The death toll from mudslides and flooding in Japan's southernmost prefecture has risen to at least 20 people, the government has said.
The rise of the "second screen" has been discussed at the International Broadcasting Cooperation (IBC) conference in Amsterdam - but what do you do with it?
Kilmarnock have terminated the loan deals of teenage duo Ryan Waddington and Callum Davies after just two months at Rugby Park.
A record number of seal pups have been born at a Norfolk nature reserve, prompting conservationists to warn people to keep their pets on leads.
The population of one of the world's rarest gibbons has crashed in China in the last century, according to new research.
MPs have voted overwhelmingly in favour of the government's plan to raise VAT to 20% from next month.
The threat to the Welsh economy runs "far deeper" than the crisis in the steel industry, Plaid Cymru has said.
Manchester City Council has announced a £1.1bn plan to redevelop part of the eastern edge of the city centre in partnership with Abu Dhabi's Abu Dhabi United Group.
Liverpool head into Saturday's Premier League trip to Chelsea with a lot of people wondering if they are good enough to challenge for the title.
England's world number one Kirsty Waters won the women's singles title at the British Squash Championships for the second time in three years with a straight-set win over American Lauren Waters in the final.
Jeremy Corbyn has been accused of being the most anti-Semitic leader in the history of the Labour Party, of failing to deal with the problem of anti-Semitism.
Disney has announced that Frozen 2 will be released next year, following the success of the first film in 2014.
Wembley will host the 2017 Women's FA Cup final for the first time, with an expected crowd of 35,000 expected.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket on Sunday.
Burnley moved up to second in the Championship table thanks to Andre Gray's second-half hat-trick against bottom club Bolton Wanderers.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone hit his first Championship century of the season as the Lancashire batsmen dominated day three against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Britain's Greg Rutherford won the long jump title at the Great North City Games in Newcastle on the final day of the Diamond League season.
The family of a woman who died after a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to a "kind, caring, adorable and loving mum".
Dog owners are being urged to stop leaving their pets' poo on the beach - because it's putting the health of bathers at risk.
Chelsea captain John Terry could have played his last game for the club after being sent off in the 2-0 defeat by West Brom.
The final four members of an organised crime gang have been found guilty of masterminding the theft of artefacts worth up to £57m from museums and an auction house.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how East African leaders are learning lessons from each other as they prepare for next year's elections.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are the world's largest international finance and development organisations.
A man has completed a challenge to swim the length of the River Mersey to raise money for a children's hospice.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood has vowed to turn things around after his side lost to Arsenal in the FA Cup final, saying: "It will get better."
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says he is "still a bit down" after watching his side lose to Edinburgh in the 1872 Cup semi-final at Scotstoun.
The last shipyard to be built on the banks of the River Clyde is closing its doors for the last time, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
A man has gone on trial accused of ordering a man to throw acid in the face of a woman in a revenge porn revenge attack.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be selected in England manager Roy Hodgson's Euro 2016 squad, according to Gunners head coach Danny Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the last eight of the Shanghai Masters with a hard-fought win over Canadian Vasek Pospisil.
The inventor of Etch A Sketch, one of the world's best-known toys, has died at the age of 89.
The Green Investment Bank is to be privatised, the government has announced, as part of its plan to pay down the national debt.
London's first solar-powered phone charging booth is being rolled out across the capital in a bid to encourage people to charge their smartphones in public spaces.
Samsung has told owners of its recalled Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to stop using them immediately and send them back to the company, after reports of devices overheating and catching fire.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to a series of sex offences against boys in the 1960s and 1970s.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has taken another stunning picture of the red planet.
A health board has been accused of breaching confidentiality over a report into claims made by a Labour MP about the death of her husband.
A 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
The education secretary has told Ofsted to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools where children are taught for less than 20 hours a week.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to scrap the controversial City Garden Project.
The life of one of the Royal Navy's most decorated submariners is to be marked in County Down.
A Spanish court has rejected a request by Lionel Messi's lawyers to give the Barcelona footballer immunity from prosecution in a tax fraud case.
The Scottish Cup fifth-round draw has been released, with Rangers and Hibernian the only Scottish Premiership sides guaranteed home ties in the quarter-finals.
A health group is considering a plan to stop sending some patients to hospital if it cannot afford to pay for them.
David Petraeus, the former CIA director, has said he would serve under President-elect Donald Trump.
Buddhism is not what it used to be in Taiwan, but thanks to a new Buddhist movement in the island, many more people are turning to the religion to help society.
A new garden for children in intensive care at the Noah's Ark Children's Hospital for Wales in Cardiff is to be officially opened later.
More than half of new mothers in Wales are planning to breastfeed their babies, according to a new campaign.
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty to trying to smuggle her husband's body out of the country to fight in Syria.
The European Union is to publish a single list of tax havens in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Nigeria international defender Patrick Ambrose on a season-long loan from Scottish champions Celtic.
A warning has been issued to people not to attack rare birds of prey in the north of Shetland.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Monday, with shares in Bank of America leading the way after the bank reported better-than-expected profits.
Retail tycoon Sir Philip Green is to meet the pensions regulator to try to reach a deal over the future of BHS's pension scheme, the BBC understands.
Glasgow Warriors second row Leone Nakarawa will leave the Pro12 champions at the end of the season after signing a one-year contract extension.
Warwickshire off-spinner Ish Sodhi has signed a new two-year contract with the county, which will keep him at Edgbaston until the end of the 2017 season.
The number of women being diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer in Northern Ireland is expected to increase by 65% in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former senior military commanders have written to the prime minister urging her to re-examine the UK's military strategy after the loss of the aircraft carrier Ark Royal.
Scientists are planning to send a robot down to the depths of the ocean to see if there are any alien life forms living there.
Bored people prefer to be zapped than left alone with their thoughts, according to a study of 42 people who were left to think alone in a laboratory room.
Two more people have been re-arrested in connection with a dog attack on a 15-year-old girl.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after another man was stabbed in the street in Caterham, Kent.
Jumping spiders use their silk to fine-tune their jumping manoeuvres, scientists have discovered.
Exeter Chiefs have signed new contracts with former Italy internationals Tomaso Horstmann, Edoardo Salvi and Jack Atkins.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he is keen to work with new owner Francesco Becchetti as he prepares for his first full season in charge of the League Two club.
On the opening weekend of the new Premier League season, some of the big names made their debut debuts for their new teams.
Power-sharing talks dominate the front pages of The Belfast Telegraph, The Irish News and The Daily Mirror.
Domino's Pizza Group, the world's biggest delivery pizza chain, has reported a rise in like-for-like sales of 7.5% in the UK last year, helped by strong online sales and a record number of new stores.
Scunthorpe United have signed former Hibernian and Blackpool midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a one-year deal.
At least 19 people have been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis.
Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) is ready to go to the next general election.
US President Barack Obama's speech to the African Union (AU) General Assembly in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, may have been the most memorable moment of his three-day trip to the continent.
Coleraine motorcyclist Michael Farquhar has been moved out of intensive care following a crash at the North West 200 in County Londonderry.
A rise in the number of children trespassing on railway lines in Wales has been linked to a rise in incidents, police have said.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving help to deal with back pain and a sleep disorder.
The US and Russia have called on all parties to the war in Syria's second city of Aleppo to abide by a new cessation of hostilities due to start on Thursday.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea will discover their Champions League last-32 opponents on Thursday.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to his mother's home after turning on the gas valve on the kitchen cooker, a court has heard.
President Francois Hollande's decision to strip convicted terrorists of their French nationality has caused a political crisis in France.
The Green Party has pledged to fund free sanitary products for women in need by taxing other products and services such as air craft repairs.
A cash machine has been blown up and a large amount of money stolen in a robbery at a shop in North Lanarkshire.
The Co-op has been told to provide customers with details of extra charges for no claims bonus protection, after it failed to do so in time.
South African prosecutors are to appeal against the acquittal of Olympic sprinter Oscar Pistorius of murdering his girlfriend.
Russia's foreign minister has told the BBC he believes the US is trying to "spare" moderate Syrian rebels from fighting against President Bashar al-Assad's forces.
A giant inflatable slide has gone on show for the first time in Northern Ireland.
A documentary on pollution in China has been pulled from the Youku, one of the country's biggest online video sites, after it was branded "anti-state propaganda".
A man has been left badly shaken after he was threatened with a weapon during an aggravated burglary at his home in west Belfast.
Jake Sheppard scored a late goal to rescue a point for Dagenham and Redbridge as they came from behind to beat Bromley in the National League.
Thousands of children are being sexually exploited in England every year, according to a new report.
Edrington Distillers has announced that Crawford Gillies is to take over as chairman of the spirits firm following the departure of Jim Murray.
(Close): The pound hit a one-month high against the euro and the pound rose against the dollar, helping to lift the FTSE 100 higher.
The Afghan Taliban have released an audio message in which their new leader, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, calls for unity.
Teenage off-spinner Ryan Tongue produced a career-best spell of bowling to help Worcestershire fight back against Glamorgan at New Road.
A man has told a court he is "truly sorry for what he has done to a much-loved lollipop lady who was hit by a car outside a Bedfordshire school.
Defender Clint Dempsey has returned to training for the first time since suffering a stress fracture to his left leg.
The family of a man whose body was found in a lake after competing in a triathlon have paid tribute to a "brilliant son and brother".
Barcelona have paid a tax bill of 13,550,000 euros (£13,000,000) on the transfer of Brazilian forward Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's biggest investor in clean energy, according to a new table.
A temporary footbridge is to be built to replace a Grade II-listed road bridge in a West Yorkshire town after a long-running dispute over where it will be built.
A non-league football team has returned to Scarborough for the first time in more than a decade.
A man who tried to smuggle 50 stun guns disguised as torches into Scotland has admitted illegally importing the weapons.
Malaysian Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller is to step down after more than two years in the job.
Police have launched a murder inquiry after a man was found lying on the ground in the middle of a street in West Lothian.
A man from the Republic of Ireland has been trending on Twitter after appearing on a reality TV show where he was compared to an elephant.
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson has found himself at the centre of yet another controversy over his childhood.
Nigeria's former football minister Samson Adamu has denied any knowledge of an investigation into his conduct as a member of Fifa's executive committee.
Images courtesy of Didi Akinyelure
Scientists have made a series of maps of the mysterious stuff known as dark matter.
Nigeria's senate is debating a bill that would make it a crime to post abusive messages on social media.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has been sacked by the Football Association for a "failure of judgement and public behaviour" towards ex-chief executive Eva Carneiro, says chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward to find the leaders of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
George the dog is used to going out with his owners every day.
Armed men on a speedboat have attacked a dinghy carrying migrants off the Libyan coast, a German aid group has said.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan while on duty, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The Conservatives and the Conservatives spent more money on the European election campaign than the Liberal Democrats and the Lib Dems combined, the Electoral Commission has revealed.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have appointed former St Helens academy coach Kevin Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in a car bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US President Donald Trump's plan to cut funding for the State Department and foreign aid has been met with criticism from both Republicans and Democrats in Congress.
Are you the kind of person who loves snow?
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a pensioner in Cardiff.
The 2017 World Para Athletics Championships will feature a new design on the front of the medals, which will be given out at this summer's event.
The number of shops selling so-called legal highs in England and Wales has halved since a ban on the sale of the drugs was introduced last year, the Home Office has said.
The BBC has announced the shortlist for this year's Sky of the Year competition, which showcases some of the best astronomical images of the year.
The Nasdaq stock market in New York has had a glitch that saw some of its most popular shares trading at a price of just $123.47.
A man has been jailed for 18 months for secretly photographing women with his mobile phone under their skirts in public places.
Global leaders are meeting in Rwanda to try to find a solution to one of the biggest challenges of the 21st Century - how to phase out greenhouse gases from the atmosphere.
EE, the UK's biggest mobile network operator, has started trialling internet-connecting balloons that can be deployed in the skies above towns and cities.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says the Six Nations match against England at Twickenham will be "one of the toughest" fixtures of his career.
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to a prominent London imam for suggesting he supports the so-called Islamic State.
Planning permission has been granted for the construction of a wind farm on the Isle of Skye.
The Scottish and Welsh governments have said they will not give their "full consent" to a bill giving the government new powers over EU laws after Brexit.
Ride-sharing service Uber is losing more than $1bn a year in China, the firm has said, according to reports.
Parents will be able to claim refunds of up to £1,000 for children who attended a summer camp which has been accused of child abuse.
Canelo Alvarez says he will fight middleweight king Gennady Golovkin after knocking out Britain's Amir Khan in their Las Vegas fight on Saturday.
A man who died after the light aircraft he was travelling in crashed on to the tarmac at Strabane Airfield in County Tyrone on Saturday has been named locally as John McKnight.
Tributes are pouring in for former Preston North End and England striker Tom Finney, who has died at the age of 91.
Watford have signed Dutch striker Adam Verheydt from Dutch second-tier side Maastricht on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new head of the country's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) intelligence agency.
Delays in the delivery of a baby born after his mother was turned away from a birthing centre were "significantly reduced" in the chance of him surviving, an inquest has found.
The government's draft banking reforms "fall well short of what is required" of the so-called "ring-fence" system designed to prevent a bank from being broken up if it fails, a watchdog has said.
A 23-year-old man has died after being shot in the street in Sheffield.
A French tourist has died while snorkelling on Australia's Great Barrier Reef, days after two French tourists died while visiting the same spot.
Scientists in Australia have used venom from venomous spiders to hunt for a protein that could help reverse the effects of brain damage caused by a stroke.
Northern Ireland's fire and prison services are to get their own training facilities, the BBC has learned.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a fall in Snowdonia.
On a sunny afternoon, a small group of cricketers huddle around a cricket ball in the middle of a field in West Indies territory Guyana.
As part of BBC Radio Manchester's Tales of the 10 series, we speak to the parents of Jack Johnson, who has a rare and incurable form of muscular dystrophy.
A Dumfries woman who admitted stealing more than £100,000 from a pensioner is to appeal against her sentence.
Speedo, Ralph Lauren and Airweave are among the companies to have ended their sponsorships of US Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte.
Durham secured promotion to Division One of the One-Day Cup with a five-wicket win at Lancashire.
Middlesbrough head coach Aitor Karanka says the Tees-Wear side are not in a rush to make any more signings as they prepare for the new Premier League season.
Belfast Harbour has announced plans to build a new office development in the city's waterfront.
Claire Smith, who has been paralysed from the chest down for six years, is preparing to take part in the London marathon for the first time.
The US justice department has accused San Diego County Sheriff's Office officials of failing to address "serious systemic deficiencies" in the jail system, including overcrowding and inadequate mental health services.
The first fruit has been picked from a cherry tree in the UK for the first time.
David Nalbandian is not the only person who's had a bad day at the ATP World Tour Finals.
Team Sky would have been in "big trouble" without Luke Rowe's effort in helping Chris Froome win the Tour de France, according to team principal Dave Brailsford.
Scientists are studying the fossilised remains of a coal miner's coal, which has been found in Argentina.
Hamilton Accies boss Martin Canning hopes new Rangers head coach Pedro Caixinha will be able to put his own stamp on the team's style of play when he takes charge on Saturday.
Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the third and final Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston starting on Wednesday.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has completed the first test flight of its experimental spacecraft, the IXV.
Guernsey's Policy Council has agreed to put back the opening of a new school in Jersey by a month.
Greece's former Finance Minister Nikolaos Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a list of suspected tax evaders' HSBC bank accounts.
A hospital has said it rejected a £1,000 order for a blackout blind for a patient because it would have cost too much money, a doctor has claimed.
Russia's main anti-corruption campaigner, Alexei Navalny, has been jailed for four-and-a-half years for embezzlement, after being found guilty by a court in the southern city of Kirov.
A man has been found guilty of raping a pensioner in her south London home and robbing her at knifepoint.
The number of IVF cycles available to couples in Scotland should be increased from one to three, according to a leading fertility charity.
Hospitals in Wales and Northern Ireland are struggling to cope with increasing demand, a report has suggested.
Trams have carried out their first test run in Manchester city centre ahead of the opening of a new crossing.
The US company behind the controversial EpiPen allergy treatment is to launch a generic version of the product, in a move that could cut the cost of the branded version.
Kell Brook will have surgery after suffering a fractured eye socket in his WBC world title defeat by Gennady Golovkin on Saturday.
The Great Edinburgh Half Marathon will go ahead as planned next month despite a decision to pull out of the race due to a lack of funds, the council has announced.
Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Fisheries Minister Michael Gove has said that other countries will be allowed to fish in UK waters after Brexit.
An Indian soldier who was trapped in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir has regained consciousness, the army has said.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Saturday's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Peterborough United has been called off because of a frozen pitch.
The owners of a Primark store which was badly damaged in an arson attack have said they hope to reopen as soon as possible.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in West Lothian are appealing for information about three men seen in the area at the time the attack.
Humberside's chief constable has written to head teachers urging them to allow parents to take their children on holiday during the school year.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have begun excavating a second site.
Ed Miliband has said he will not exclude himself from being prime minister by refusing to negotiate with the SNP, as David Cameron urged voters to "vote for your preferred prime minister".
The Super Bowl may be over, but it's not the last thing on your mind - American football is back!
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his partner's six-year-old daughter and taking her three children from her for 18 months.
Jordan Williams scored his first goal of the season as National League side Barrow came from behind to beat League Two side Taunton Town in the FA Cup first round.
Glamorgan have signed South African batsman Colin Ingram from Adelaide Strikers for the 2017 Big Bash Twenty20 season.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said it would not welcome any proposal to transfer jobs from Newport to London.
As Iraqi government forces continue their offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in Mosul, the BBC's Will Grant looks at why some Yazidis are reluctant to return to their homeland of Sinjar, in northern Iraq.
Australia captain Michael Clarke hit his first Test century since the death of team-mate Phillip Hughes on the final day of the first Test against South Africa.
Bristol's main railway station has been criticised for failing to provide enough help for the disabled.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta has reported that it has been targeted by cyber-attackers for the second time in a week.
Former Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) and National Theatre actor John McCowen has died at the age of 91, it has been announced.
Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with Roma, extending his stay with the Serie A champions until the end of the 2016-17 season.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by five wickets to level the one-day series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has released a poll of its members in Northern Ireland, which suggests that business people in the region are more Eurosceptic than those in the rest of the UK.
A double-decker bus has burst into flames in Bishopsgate, east London.
Morrisons is raising the price of Marmite, according to reports.
Glasgow School of Art has opened a new building on the opposite side of Renfrew Street to its iconic Mackintosh building.
Former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has appealed to the European Union to "please, please, please do not let Scotland down".
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has played his final Test innings after retiring from international cricket.
High winds of up to 70mph (112km/h) have battered parts of Scotland with gusts reaching up to 90mph (145mph) in some parts of the country.
The European Commission has announced a package of measures to help Northern Ireland's farmers cope with the impact of falling milk prices.
Pedro Caixinha praised the effort of his Rangers players despite their goalless draw with Hearts at Ibrox.
The first Japanese otter will be released into the wild in Scotland for the first time later this year, conservationists have announced.
When I first arrived in Bangkok in the middle of the summer of 2015, I had no idea what to expect.
UKIP has spoken to the Liberal Democrats after one of its candidates in a general election by-election made a comment about the cost of treatment for people with HIV.
Barcelona midfielder Dani Alves will leave the club at the end of the season after eight years at the Nou Camp.
US rocket company SpaceX has begun repairs to the pad on which lost control of its Falcon rocket during a test flight.
Detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand are to return to the UK to update the families of the victims.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra made his first County Championship century of the season as his side drew with Hampshire at Southampton.
UKIP's assembly group leader has said he will not be standing as a candidate in the next assembly election because he lives in Wiltshire.
There are two camps in this election campaign - the Conservatives and the Labour Party.
Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the season, BBC Sport understands.
A prison is in a "dire state" after a knife was found in the hands of a prisoner, according to a union.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist who died after being involved in a crash while trying to set a new national record has been named by police.
The brother of a British man whose body was found on a Thai island has said his family is "devastated" by the news of his death.
Arsenal Ladies have become the first Women's Super League One side to use the 'Women' name.
A man whose body was found in woodland in Surrey has been formally identified, police have said.
A British woman who died in China after a carbon monoxide leak died as a result of a water heater overheating, an inquest has heard.
A Conservative plan to force future UK governments to run a surplus when the economy is growing has been passed by the House of Commons.
The organisers of the UK's oldest street carnival have announced plans to mark its 50th anniversary with a series of events this summer.
Bournemouth striker Callum Wilson says he is "feeling like a football player again" after making his first appearance of the season.
A man has been charged in the United States with attempting to join the so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group, US officials say.
Championship leaders Brighton ended Ipswich Town's unbeaten start to the season with victory at Portman Road.
A cash machine has been stolen in a ram-raid on a supermarket in Northamptonshire.
The sister of a doctor whose body was pulled from the sea has spoken of her loss of "hard work, friendliness and approachability".
Ski Scotland has recorded its busiest winter on record with more than 300,000 visits to the slopes so far this year, according to new figures.
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams told him he hoped he would be ready for a backlash if he released the names of IRA members involved in her murder.
Have you ever wondered what you would do if you were offered the chance to live in a dinosaur?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby son.
Northern Ireland Secretary of State Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because of the "stench" of the IRA's activities in Northern Ireland.
A 15-year-old girl who was raped and murdered by a man she met on Facebook had been given "substantial amounts of alcohol" and had been sexually abused, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors centre Lewis Tierney has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Super League club.
The Twelfth of July parade has taken place in Rossnowlagh, County Donegal.
The Welsh Conservatives, Labour, UKIP and Plaid Cymru have all released their general election manifestos.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says it has been "very difficult" to add players to his squad this summer.
Blackpool and Colchester played out a goalless draw in the FA Cup second round at Bloomfield Road.
The UK's steel industry is facing a crisis because of overproduction in China, Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
A police officer who was described as a "true friend" has been honoured with a service of remembrance at Durham Cathedral.
The number of premises in Wales with super-fast internet connections has risen to the highest level in the UK, according to a report from telecoms regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels unit, which is based in South Yorkshire.
People are being invited to give their views on plans for a travellers' site in Powys.
A church in Surrey is to have its spire replaced after it was attacked by woodpeckers.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has used Senator Lindsey Graham's phone number to try to reach his rival for the Republican nomination.
US President Barack Obama has marked the first day of his signature healthcare law's first full day of operation by signing up people to buy insurance plans.
A hoax bomb has been found in west Belfast, prompting a security alert in the Waterside area of the city.
The US government is proposing new guidelines to make it easier for drivers to use devices such as smartphones and tablets while driving.
Northern Ireland politicians will travel to Colombia this week to take part in talks aimed at finding a peace deal between the Colombian government and Farc rebels.
A man had to be rescued from a garden fence after a metal railing fell on top of him in Coventry.
Adam Lyth hit his first Championship century of the season to help Yorkshire build a healthy lead over Surrey on day three at The Oval.
A man has been given a 12-week driving ban after a car ploughed into a group of pedestrians in West Sussex.
Ofcom has received a further complaints about Ken Morley's behaviour on Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix has been put in place to a water main which has been out of action for more than a week.
A woman has been threatened with a knife during an attempted robbery at a convenience store in west Belfast.
Clint Eastwood is to challenge Alasdair McDonnell for the leadership of the Social Democratic and Labour Party.
Cumbernauld has won this year's Scottish Design Awards for having the best town centre in the country.
Three men have been arrested after police recovered a "substantial" amount of cannabis with an estimated street value of £1.5m in the Isle of Man.
Welsh Labour is facing a "massive crisis", a former cabinet minister has said.
England's Charley Hull has the potential to become a top-10 golfer in the world, according to European Solheim Cup captain Annika Sorenstam.
An investment of £50,000 offered to a Scottish start-up, My Lupo, on BBC Two's Dragons' Den has failed to materialise.
Bangladesh has begun to restore electricity supplies after a blackout that lasted for more than 24 hours on Saturday.
Northern Ireland's Culture Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has ordered a full audit of Sport NI's working culture.
The NHS in England will get a new "fast-track" system to pay for innovative cancer drugs, the health watchdog has announced.
A pub landlord who attacked a gay man in a "karate chop" style attack with a steak knife before chasing him around the pub has been jailed for eight years.
The families of three London schoolgirls who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State militants are "distraught" that two of them have been married, their lawyer has told the BBC.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been given a one-match touchline ban after being sent off in the 1-1 draw with Burnley.
Thieves have made off with a pair of porcelain cups and saucers from the reign of Russian and Prussian kings.
The owners of a private hospital where allegations of physical and sexual abuse of patients were made public for the first time failed to act on concerns about the safety of patients, a report has found.
Glamorgan all-rounder Ben Wright has left the county at the end of the season to join Worcestershire on a two-year deal.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of murdered British student Amanda Kercher, has been sentenced to life in prison after Italy's Supreme Court overturned his conviction for her murder.
Jordan Spieth will be "scarred for life" after losing a five-shot lead in the final round of the Masters, says former world number one Sir Nick Faldo.
Botswana's World Championship 400m runner has accused athletics' governing body of a "cover-up" over its handling of a norovirus outbreak.
Middlesbrough striker Gaston Ramirez scored his first Premier League goal of the season as Middlesbrough beat 10-man Bournemouth for the first time this season.
Lord Bannside, the former first minister of Northern Ireland, has been speaking to the BBC's Ian Paisley for the first time about the signing of the Ulster Covenant 100 years ago.
Luton Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Adam Bogdan on a season-long loan deal, with the option of a permanent deal.
Belgian police have arrested two people on suspicion of planning terrorist attacks in the capital, Brussels, and other parts of the country.
Theresa May has met survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire at a church in west London after being confronted by residents angry at her decision not to meet them.
Leigh Centurions are close to signing Salford Red Devils half-back Ryan Chase on a permanent deal, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
The Dundee to London Stansted air service will continue to operate for another two years, it has been announced.
Anglo American shares have fallen 12.3% after the mining giant announced plans to cut thousands of jobs as part of a major restructuring.
The motorcyclist who knocked down and killed French cyclist Sylvain Demoitie during a race on Sunday was "very experienced and has been in the races for a long time", his team says.
Ulster back Stuart McCloskey has signed a new three-year contract with the province.
The US space agency has launched a mission to return a sample-return mission to the asteroid Bennu.
A woman has been ordered to return her two-year-old son to Japan after she was offered a job at Cambridge University, a judge has ruled.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a car rolled off a promenade and ended up on its side on rocks.
Kenyan police are investigating the discovery of at least six bodies in a mass grave in the north-eastern Mombasa region, near the border with Somalia.
Vanuatu has declared a state of emergency after the most of the Pacific island of Vanuatu was hit by a powerful cyclone.
Immigration Minister Matt Harrington has refused to say how many Syrian refugees have arrived in the UK so far, despite calls for him to do so.
MPs have expressed "grave misgivings" about the charging of criminals for non-payment of court costs, in a report.
Supermarket chain Asda has admitted that it left its website open to hackers for more than two years, the BBC has learned.
A former drug-smuggling pilot has been jailed for trying to kill a homeless man with an axe because he was "fed up" with him.
Mexico stunned Brazil to win the Olympic men's football title for the first time in their history with a shock victory at Wembley.
The new 12-sided £1 coin is due to go into circulation later this month, the Royal Mint has announced.
World number one Andy Murray's former coach Ivan Lendl says he has had a number of enquiries about the possibility of returning to the sport after their three-year partnership.
A woman has told a court she fought for her life after being raped in Edinburgh's Meadows.
Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
Ben Llewellin is aiming to become the first Welshman to win a Commonwealth Games gold medal in the sport of skeet shooting.
Lawyer Amal Clooney has called for a UN investigation into the atrocities being committed by Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
An academy in Portsmouth is to merge with another in the city, after the trust running it announced plans to merge them.
Seven men have gone on trial in Germany accused of setting fire to a man at a Berlin subway station, setting him on fire and trying to steal his handkerchief.
David Cameron has said ministers will be allowed to campaign for the UK to remain in the European Union, reversing his decision to "strongarm" them into backing him.
A US appeals court has upheld a ruling that Wisconsin man Brendan Dassey, whose case featured in Netflix's documentary series Making a Murderer, should be freed immediately.
A crowd-funding campaign to pay a hacking group for access to a new batch of computer security vulnerabilities has been scrapped after criticism from security researchers.
Aston Villa have signed striker Jonathan Kodjia from Bristol City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £4.5m, on a five-year deal.
Academy chains are not doing as well as they could if all schools were to become academies, according to a new analysis.
Doctor Who fans have been given a rare glimpse of The Web of Fear, one of 11 missing episodes of the long-running TV series that has been found in Nigeria.
Transport firm John Menzies has warned full-year profits could be hit by a "contractual dispute" at London Gatwick Airport.
Boris Johnson has been accused of being a "poodle of Washington" after cancelling a visit to Moscow to discuss the crisis in Syria.
A police poster urging parents not to use the threat of the police against their children has gone viral on social media.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of historical child sex abuse against the former Conservative peer Lord Janner.
Notts County Ladies have announced plans to merge with fellow League Two side Lincoln City Ladies in the summer of 2014.
Northern Ireland Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said flag protests are damaging the image of Northern Ireland and are "counter-productive".
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Jessie J has said she would like to marry her fiancé in Australia, but will wait until same-sex marriage is legal in the country.
England completed a 3-0 series whitewash over world champions New Zealand by beating the Black Ferns in the final match of the Women's Rugby World Cup at Twickenham.
A drug used by osteoporosis patients could extend the life of joint replacements by up to five years, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to at least 30 years in prison for murdering six of her children.
Trojan Horse has not gone away, head teachers have warned, as they called for a national register of governors who have been barred from schools.
Matty Taylor scored twice as Bristol Rovers came from 2-0 down to draw with MK Dons in the League One relegation battle at Stadium MK.
A trial of a genetically modified rice crop in the Philippines has been vandalised.
Fabian Delph has completed his move from Aston Villa to Manchester City for an undisclosed fee of £8m.
A hospital's accident and emergency unit where a patient was left on a trolley for hours before being found dead has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to give a statement on the findings of an independent review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne.
For the first four years of his life Paul Ryan was addicted to drugs.
Urdu has been officially adopted as an undergraduate degree by the University of Reading.
Russia has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family of being involved in a "criminal business" with the so-called Islamic State group.
Thousands of music fans have been posing for selfies with police officers at Download Festival.
EU leaders will not begin formal Brexit negotiations with the UK until October or November, the former European Council president has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast that its operating profit will miss analysts' expectations for the fourth quarter, sending its shares down as much as 7% in after-hours trading.
Police in China say they have foiled a plot to smuggle drugs and alcohol into the country and sell them on the black market.
Waste collections have resumed in parts of south-east Somerset after a dispute over pay ended.
TalkTalk customers whose financial details were stolen in a cyber-attack have been contacted by the telecoms firm, the firm has said.
Ireland's Shane Lowry leads the US PGA Championship by one shot after a three-under-par 68 in the third round.
A student team in Switzerland has set a new world record for the fastest car to accelerate from zero to 100kph (62mph) in less than two seconds.
A British Army officer accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda has admitted having sex with her in a hotel room in Kampala, Uganda, in January 2015, a court martial has heard.
Scarlets director of rugby Mark McCall has said he would be "devastated" if one of his players did what James Davies did to Saracens team-mate Jake Skelton.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos says he's made a big discovery.
Thousands of people have gathered in the Chinese city of Guangzhou to celebrate the opening of the Ice sculptures festival.
Ghanaian DJ duo The Busy Twist have taken to the streets of Ghana's capital, Accra, to record their version of the song 'Dance, Dance, Dance'.
Leicester City FC has apologised to fans who were unable to get into a Premier League match because of long queues at the ticket office.
(Close): Wall Street markets fell on Friday after the release of stronger-than-expected jobs figures, but the S&P 500 ended the day slightly higher.
Kevin Pietersen is to return to international cricket for the first time since being dropped from the England squad for the final Test against South Africa at Lord's.
The "complete picture" of the 93 genes that cause breast cancer has been revealed, scientists say.
The relationship between depression and chronic pain has been explained in a study of more than 100,000 people in Scotland.
Chelsea have won their second Premier League title in a row.
Members of staff at London Metropolitan University are to be balloted on strike action in a dispute over plans to cut 1,000 posts.
Kilmarnock moved off the bottom of the Championship table with a comfortable win over Dunfermline Athletic.
Kent and Glamorgan played out a draw in the One-Day Cup Division Two match at Canterbury.
A 21-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of an 11-month-old boy and his aunt in a car crash while being pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a safety code in her memory in a bid to raise awareness of the dangers of small boats.
Aston Villa have activated the release clause in midfielder Idriss Gueye's contract.
The shortlist for the 2017 African Footballer of the Year awards has been announced.
A road has reopened after being closed following a crash between a car and a lorry.
Michael Pollock has run his first half marathon since the Rio Olympics at the Cardiff Half Marathon.
The leader of Bahrain's main Shia Muslim opposition group, al-Wefaq, has called for the appointment of a representative of the royal family as a mediator in the ongoing crisis in the Gulf state.
Two schools in the US state of Virginia have been temporarily closed after parents complained about a religious lesson given to their children.
The family of Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff have paid tribute to the "inspiration" of the Dutchman, his son Jordi has said.
Petra Kvitova reached the semi-finals of the Nottingham Open with a 6-3 7-6 (7-5) win over American Madison Brengle.
A new flag to commemorate the Battle of the Somme is to be flown in public places across Northern Ireland.
Northern Ireland's Kris Meeke has won the World Rally Sweden for the third time in a row after a late mistake cost him victory on Sunday.
A self-driving car developed by Baidu, China's biggest search engine, has been caught on camera being driven by one of its executives.
Brian Matthew, who has died at the age of 88 after a long illness, was one of the BBC's longest-serving and most popular presenters.
Sam Charnley says he is trying to learn as much as he can about rugby union as he prepares for his first competitive match for Sale Sharks.
Israel's first Arab police officer has been appointed to take charge of a new division aimed at improving relations with the Arab community.
Theresa May is attempting to change the voting habits of traditional Conservative voters in the North-East of England, but in the town of Consett, where the party has never had a Conservative MP for more than 30 years, few people can recognise her name.
Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias is expected to make a full recovery after breaking his hand during a concert in Mexico.
Northern Ireland's former chief constable has said there is a "real scope" to de-criminalise cannabis.
Johnny Sexton will start for the British and Irish Lions against the Maori All Blacks in the second match of their New Zealand tour on Saturday.
Deaf people in Wales are being discriminated against at work because of the fact they are deaf, according to a new report.
A man who was shot dead outside a barber shop in Liverpool has been named by police as the latest victim in a spate of shootings in the city.
The United Nations (UN) has become the first organisation to honour Wonder Woman, the first female superhero to receive the honour.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has been accused of "no basis for a finding of negligence" in a case brought by a former Royal Marine who was left paralysed after a diving accident.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump after meeting him for the first time.
After the first round of games at Euro 2016, it is time for the knockout stages to begin.
A transgender woman who has been jailed for assaulting a fellow inmate has lodged an appeal against her sentence.
A man and his dog had to be rescued from a submerged car after it became stuck in a lake in Hertfordshire.
It's 30 years since the first BBC Micro computer was released in the UK, and the first Apple Newton tablet came out in 1993.
Luton Town have signed Charlton striker Luke Pigott on a season-long loan deal, with the option of a permanent deal.
The new TV series Electric Dreams, based on the work of sci-fi writer Philip Dick, is to be directed by Stephen Thorne, who has written Harry Potter and the Cursed Child for the West End.
A girl who was shot in the head in a "domestic-related incident" in West Sussex is in a critical condition in hospital, Sussex Police has said.
A 95-year-old man who phoned a BBC Radio Solent show to talk about life without his wife has been given a surprise - he was taken to the studio in a taxi.
Plans to temporarily close a hospital's maternity unit if it fails to find enough doctors to cover births have been described as "terrifying".
A new vein of Blue John, one of the rarest veins of the precious stone, has been discovered in the Peak District.
Indian sprinter Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh has said he is the victim of a "conspiracy" after failing a drugs test.
The use of tablet computers in England's schools is growing rapidly, according to a study of more than 1,000 primary and secondary schools.
Students at Queen's University in Belfast are occupying a building in protest at the university's refusal to commit to divestment from fossil fuels.
Guinea international Alhassan Camara has joined French Ligue 1 side Guingamp on a season-long loan from Derby County.
Singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran has won the Mercury Prize for his debut album, Architect, at the Mercury Music Prize in London.
A man has been arrested in connection with the "gruesome" murder of a man in South Africa's Western Cape province, police have said.
The Polish government has backed calls for former Prime Minister Donald Tusk to be prosecuted over the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski.
Cardiff City have reported a loss of more than £1.5m following their relegation from the Premier League last season.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a vehicle in Eastbourne.
A campaign has been launched to raise money for a statue to honour women who worked in Sheffield's steel industry during World War Two.
Hartlepool United youngster Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a broken leg.
All pictures are copyrighted by Getty Images and Getty Images
Ireland's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Six Nations suffered a major blow as fly-half Jonathan Sexton, captain Peter O'Mahony and captain Paul O'Connell were all injured as they lost to France at Twickenham.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a two-year-old boy in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Mauritius Prime Minister Mahatma Jugnauth has announced he is to step down after 35 years in office.
Surgeons in Sweden have carried out the world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant on an Eritrean man.
Hearts have completed the signing of Nigeria international left-back Asisat Oshaniwa on a season-long loan from Israeli side Ashdod.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of next month's US Open because of a "ongoing family situation".
Tributes have been paid to a footballer who was found dead in his hotel room in Liverpool.
Members of the public have been asked to sing a rendition of the Bee Gees on the side of a bus in central London.
Marko Arnautovic scored his first Premier League hat-trick of the season as Stoke City beat Aston Villa to move out of the relegation zone.
WhatsApp has been used by millions of people around the world to keep them in touch with the news of the day, but how do you use it?
It's been a year of extremes for the UK's weather.
Cambridge United secured their place in the fifth round of the FA Cup with a hard-fought goalless draw against League Two side Manchester United.
France has called on Turkey to stop its bombardment of Kurdish militia in Syria, after Turkey launched an offensive against them near the Turkish border.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in Edinburgh city centre.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was shot outside a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley believes his side are suffering from a hangover from their FA Cup final disappointment.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has said it will allow shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon to re-open after a series of E.coli tests.
The European Union has expressed concern over a new border move by Russia in the Black Sea region of Georgia, saying it could have "negative effects" on the region.
Pupils at a school in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis have been recalling the minute of silence for the victims of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The European Union's Ebola mission to West Africa has opened its new headquarters in Ghana's capital, Accra, in a show of solidarity with the three countries hardest hit by the virus.
Two people have been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, where more than 6,000 people died in Saturday's devastating earthquake.
(Close): US shares rose on Thursday after the Supreme Court upheld a key ruling in favour of the Obama administration's healthcare reform law.
BBC Sport will bring you live coverage of South Shields v Bridlington Town in the FA Cup third round.
As I stood on the pitch at Paris St-Germain's Parc des Princes stadium in the middle of the French capital, I was overcome with pride.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has agreed to accept the resignation of three of the four lawmakers suspended by the Supreme Court.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found abandoned on a motorway.
Children who read more often are more likely to do better in maths and have a wider vocabulary, a study suggests.
Ross County have charged Ross County captain Alan Goodwin with violent conduct and are seeking a three-match ban.
For centuries, the Church of England has chosen men to lead it.
One of the co-founders of Greggs bakery chain Greggs has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing boys.
Northstone, the Belfast-based building materials and engineering firm, has reported a fall in turnover for the year to the end of 2012.
The Westgate shopping centre attack in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, in which 67 people were killed and more than 100 people injured, has led to a rethink in the country's approach to security.
The US has begun training Syrian rebels to fight against the Islamic State (IS) group, the Pentagon has announced.
France is going to the polls for the second round of the French presidential election on Sunday.
The funeral of a former DJ who went missing more than a year ago has taken place.
Adam Lanza, the 19-year-old who killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, has been described as "shy", "intensely intelligent" and "very shy".
Ireland women's women's hockey team have won their first major tournament of the season with a 3-0 win over England in the final of the World League 2 final in Belfast.
A mental health trust has admitted failing to provide safe care and treatment to a patient who fell from a mental health unit roof.
Two men have been arrested in connection with an armed police operation in Luton.
The question facing the chancellor, George Osborne, is whether the economic pain of the UK's vote to leave the European Union is over.
UKIP has been accused of "scaremongering" over the issue of immigration.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 7-6 (7-2) 6-4 to win the Brisbane International in straight sets.
Morecambe's League Two promotion hopes were dealt a major blow as they were beaten at home by promotion-chasing Mansfield.
Police are trying to trace two masked men who carried out a "vicious attack" on a man in his Kilmarnock home.
Former Rangers manager Sir Alex Ferguson has backed midfielder Andy Halliday to have outshone Scott Brown in the team's most memorable moments of the season.
Newport County chairman Alan Foxall has defended the decision to sack manager Graham Westley after just six weeks in charge of League Two's bottom club.
The parents of a woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written to the island's authorities to say they will not be able to attend her funeral.
Residents of some parts of England are struggling to name their local councillors, according to research ahead of May's local elections.
The BBC's decision not to renew Jeremy Clarkson's contract with Top Gear has been met with a mixed reaction from social media users across the world.
A teacher at a school at the centre of the so-called "Trojan Horse" affair has been cleared of telling pupils to change in a cupboard so they would not show their thighs.
Bolton Wanderers have signed former Wales international defender Mark Davies on a one-year deal after he left League Two side Yeovil Town.
Regular exercise may help protect the memory of people in their 60s and 70s, a study suggests.
An inquest into the death of a man who took his own life at Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary has found a "gross systemic failure" in the care he received.
The mother of a British backpacker who was stranded in Nepal after the country's devastating earthquake has said she was given a drink and a Snickers bar before being flown back to the UK.
Britain's Andy Murray will begin his defence of his Wimbledon men's singles title against qualifier Naomi Broady in the first round.
European far-right politicians have joined calls for a referendum on EU membership after the UK voted to leave the EU.
Three members of an organised crime gang have been jailed for trying to smuggle 20 illegal immigrants into the UK in the back of a lorry.
Prince Harry has performed the traditional Maori Haka dance in Auckland, New Zealand.
Retailers are failing to do enough to promote healthy eating, according to a new report.
Partick Thistle have launched an investigation after an anonymous tip-off that a former member of staff at the club was sexually abused as a child.
Residents living near the site of a former Dale Farm-style traveller site in Essex have said they fear the site could become a "Dale Farm II".
Li-Ka Shing is in exclusive talks to buy O2 owner Telefonica in a deal which would create the UK's biggest mobile phone operator.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says he is expecting as many as nine or 10 Welsh players to be selected for the British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that is able to carry out complex tasks such as carrying out surgery.
Two men have been jailed for defrauding businesses out of hundreds of thousands of pounds in a newspaper advertising scam.
A fund has been set up to help refugees who have arrived in the north east of Scotland from Syria.
With the new year just around the corner, business owners will be gearing up for a busy year ahead.
Cornish Pirates back row Alex Cheesman has signed a new two-year contract with the Cornish Pirates, as well as agreeing a new three-year deal with prop Martin Morgan.
Thousands of people have marched through Stafford to show support for the future of services at the town's Stafford Hospital.
A Flintshire man has shared a picture of himself with a colostomy bag after having bowel surgery.
US President Donald Trump has a theory about who the next in line for the presidency will be.
Plans for a new tram line linking the East Midlands to the rest of the UK have been backed by the region's councils.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has made an official offer of £3.75m to take over Newport Gwent Dragons and Newport RFC.
Thousands of people have attended the Beltane Fire Festival in Strabane, County Tyrone.
Soldiers have moved into their new home on the site of a new barracks in Staffordshire.
An investigation into the death of a Tesla driver in a year ago has found no evidence that the car's Autopilot system was to blame.
Uganda's Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi's official website has been taken over by hackers.
Northern Ireland features on the front pages of the Ulster Gazette, the Antrim Guardian and the Lurgan Mail.
Rangana Herath is set to become Sri Lanka's leading Test wicket-taker for the first time after signing a one-year extension to his contract, which will keep him in action until the end of the 2017 season.
A man in his 70s has died after being hit by a car in central London.
Saudi Arabia has vowed to retaliate against the US after it voted to allow 9/11 victims' families to sue Saudi Arabia over the attacks of 11 September 2001.
The oil rig that ran aground in the Western Isles is to be towed to Malta before being put on a ship to be scrapped.
Police in Pakistan are investigating the murder of a Christian couple who were falsely accused of insulting Islam and accused of blasphemy.
The UN has announced a proposed unity government for Libya, after months of efforts to resolve the country's political crisis.
Christmas can be a stressful time of year, whether it's the turkey, the tree, the decorations and the presents.
A former American football star who was serving a life sentence for the murder of a fellow inmate has been found dead in a prison cell in the US state of Oklahoma.
The number of police shootings in England and Wales in the past 12 months has risen to the highest level on record, according to new figures.
The sport's governing body, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), has confirmed it will end its sponsorship deal with Adidas at the end of 2016.
Ireland and the Netherlands played out a rain-affected draw in the Intercontinental Cup match in Dublin.
A man armed with a machete has attacked a Kenyan police officer with a weapon after breaking into the home of Deputy President William Ruto, officials say.
Scientists have been sending a robot submarine to one of the deepest parts of the world to see what life is like under the sea.
A judge in the US state of Minnesota has ordered DNA tests on six people who claim to be Prince's relatives.
A prominent Scottish independence campaigner has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham United owners David Sullivan and David Gold have rejected an offer from Budweiser for their majority stake in the Premier League club.
Alphabet, the parent company of search giant Google, has reported a jump in revenue for the first quarter of the year, helped by strong advertising sales.
The new owners of a former engineering firm which went into administration last year have said they are on track to double the number of staff they employ.
A woman accused of defrauding her elderly friend out of more than £1m has denied taking advantage of her after she died.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Denbighshire.
Google Home will be available in the UK from 6 April, the search giant has announced.
The deportation of a Nigerian woman and her two daughters due to be deported from the UK has been delayed after a campaign to save them from being sent back to Nigeria.
A Northern Ireland councillor who was suspended from the UK Independence Party (UKIP) has been expelled from the party.
An Irish man has been shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his family.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that giant panda Tian Tian Tian is pregnant.
Wigan Athletic's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a major blow as they lost at Ipswich Town.
Wigan Warriors have apologised to St Helens prop Lance Hohaia after Ben Flower was given an eight-game ban for striking the prop with a second punch to the head.
Hungary is to offer buses to help hundreds of migrants who have been stranded in the capital, Budapest, after a day of chaotic scenes involving hundreds of people trying to reach Austria.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says he is hopeful Chelsea will give Victor Moses a chance to impress again this season after the Nigeria winger was released by the Premier League champions.
Ten-man Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten by Coventry City.
The Scottish government and the Conservatives have clashed over the amount of money being spent on education in Scotland.
A man jailed for four-and-a-half years for possessing and distributing child sex abuse footage has had his appeal against his sentence quashed.
The centenary of the Battle of the Somme has been marked with commemorations in the Republic of Ireland and France.
The Indiana Pacers will play the Denver Nuggets in a pre-season friendly at London's O2 Arena.
Jimmy Hennessy, who worked as a plasterer's apprentice with Ellesmere Port Borough Council, travelled to the match by car with a group of friends, who all survived.
Grimsby Town moved out of the League Two relegation zone with a comfortable win over 10-man Mansfield Town, who were reduced to 10 men at Blundell Park.
Somalia's President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed Farmajo has been accused of "misleading" al-Shabab militants after he announced an amnesty for their fighters.
The UK's biggest construction equipment manufacturer, JCB, has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
Thousands of Hong Kong immigrants have staged a protest in the Chinese New Year's Eve, demanding better safety for foreign domestic workers.
Eoin Morgan scored his highest one-day score of the series as England beat Australia by eight wickets to level the five-match series at 2-2.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw at The Den.
Liverpool have appointed Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team manager.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the United States.
The riots of 2011 could have been avoided if more police had been deployed more quickly, MPs have said in a report into the events of that year.
Social media marketing is a hot topic of conversation at a major industry conference in London this week.
The UK will vote on whether or not it should stay in or leave the European Union, or EU, next year.
A husband and wife have been jailed for conspiring to hide more than £300,000 of cash in their garden.
A new app has been launched to track the spread of Japanese knotweed across the UK.
Rents for beach huts in a Dorset seaside resort could rise by more than 20% in the next five years, according to a beach hut tenants' association.
A huge oil barge that drifted away from a platform in the North Sea for several hours before it was stopped by strong winds before reaching the Norwegian coast has run aground.
It's that time of year of year when many of us are looking forward to the arrival of the Easter season and, of course, chocolate.
Plans to introduce a late-night tax on Liverpool bars and clubs have been rejected by Liverpool City Council.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the head of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the bombing of its hospital in Afghanistan last year that killed more than 1,000 people.
Victoria Shuker became the first woman to win the British Open wheelchair mixed doubles title with victory in the final at Eastbourne.
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos has won the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end more than five decades of conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and end a three-game losing streak in Super League.
Hibernian returned to winning ways in the Championship with a comfortable victory over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have re-signed midfielder Scott Wilson on a one-year deal after he left the club by mutual consent.
"We used to live in a refugee camp in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu for three months after fleeing Myanmar," says Aung Sarlan, a Burmese man who fled his homeland in the 1960s.
Children who grow up in "highly-conflicted" relationships are more likely to have mental and physical health problems, according to a new report.
The Scottish government has said lessons must be learned from the UK government's decision to end a competition to kick-start the UK's first carbon capture and storage scheme.
Europe's satellite navigation system, Galileo, has been hailed as a game-changer.
The sister of a girl whose body was found in a canal 20 years after she went missing has made an emotional plea for help to find her killer.
The PSNI has removed a post on Facebook which accused a number of people in west Belfast of being on a so-called "hit list".
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would understand if chairman Paul Scally decided to sack him at the end of the season.
Gareth Bale says it would be an "amazing thing" if Wales qualify for Euro 2016 for the first time after scoring the winning goal against Cyprus on Thursday.
Prime Minister David Cameron is visiting schools across the country to encourage children to learn foreign languages.
Rising resistance to antibiotics is the greatest threat to the survival chances of people with sepsis, according to a leading specialist in the condition.
A wildlife charity has won the right to have a judicial review of a council's decision to build a cycle track on part of a nature reserve.
Plans to build a new £33m hospital in Somerset have been given the go-ahead by the coalition government.
David Cameron has been urged to "rediscover Britain's global vocation" in an open letter urging him to back the UK's membership of the European Union.
Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper has said she is "worried" Labour could split if Jeremy Corbyn wins the party's leadership.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced, with Foo Fighters, Foo Fighters and Foo Fighters topping the bill on the Pyramid Stage.
A group of clouds and a rainbow have captured the public's attention on social media after being mistaken for UFOs.
A statue is to be erected in memory of former Watford FC manager Graham Taylor, who led the club to the 1984 FA Cup final.
Cornish Pirates head coach Graham Davies says his side's "ill-discipline" cost them the chance to reach the League Two play-off final as they lost to Bristol Rovers.
Omar Bogle and John Akinde scored second-half penalties as 10-man Barnet twice came from behind to earn a point at Grimsby.
Sunderland have re-signed striker Nacho Scocco from Argentine second division side Newell's Old Boys for an undisclosed fee.
The UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union has thrown the EU into turmoil.
The first train has run on India's first metro rail service in the southern city of Chennai (Madras).
A number of fuel pods have been dumped in the middle of a road in south Armagh.
England have added Durham all-rounder Ben Stokes to the squad for the Twenty20 series against Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by eight wickets in the first Twenty20 international in Delhi on Wednesday to take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series.
The first spacewalk of the US astronaut who's been living on the International Space Station will take place on Thursday.
A red kite has been found shot dead in North Yorkshire, the latest in a series of attacks on the birds in the county.
Two men have been jailed for their part in the supply of drugs and other items bought and sold on the dark web marketplace Silk Road.
Jonathan Sexton and Brian O'Driscoll return to the Ireland team to face New Zealand in Sunday's Test against the world champions at Eden Park.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 ended the day higher after European markets rose on hopes that a Greek debt deal will be struck this week.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the most colourful and controversial prime ministers of the 20th Century.
Russia has sent surface-to-air missiles to Syria in what the US military has described as an "ill-timed and very unfortunate" move.
Banksy has denied claims his latest exhibition in Weston-super-Mare is a hoax, after it emerged online bookings for tickets had been suspended due to "technical difficulties".
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party following the party's general election defeat, saying: "I will never give up on fighting for Britain."
Four cats have died after drinking antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter and Saracens are concerned about the legal action brought by ex-Saracens player Chris Willis against the Premiership club.
Retailers in Singapore have been told to stop buying products from Indonesian firms accused of contributing to the haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia.
Venezuelan Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has delivered the state of the union address in the absence of President Hugo Chavez, who is undergoing treatment for cancer.
The US Supreme Court has said it will take up a series of cases about gay marriage for the first time.
Confidence in the England team is increasing ahead of Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against Italy, according to a new study.
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has won the party's nomination to become the next mayor of London.
A woman whose husband's funeral was interrupted by thieves who broke into her home and stole jewellery worth thousands of pounds has said she is "speechless".
Jockey David Mullins won the Grand National for the first time as he rode Rule The World to victory in the King George VI Chase at Aintree.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended after being fined for taking pupils on term-time holidays.
The father of a man who died after being struck by a wheel could have prevented the 'halo' head protection system being fitted to Formula 1 cars next season, according to his son.
A new project to map the effects of climate change on Welsh islands has been launched.
We want to hear what you have to say about BBC programmes and websites.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England international Scott Dunn as first-team coach.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest and most important awards in the world of music.
One of the world's biggest spirits distillers, Pernod Ricard, has reported that sales of its Scotch whisky were down 1% in the first quarter of the year.
News Corp, the owner of the Wall Street Journal and Australian broadcaster Foxtel, has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
China's state-run newspapers have gone on a propaganda offensive in the wake of the UN tribunal's decision to uphold the country's claim to most of the South China Sea.
A hospital trust has said it is "very sorry" it missed opportunities to save the life of a baby who died after a ventilator was removed from his airway, an inquest has heard.
An appeal to raise money for a Derbyshire skin cancer charity has reached its target of £75,000.
A man who conned two people out of £1,000 by offering them tickets to the Euro 2016 football World Cup has been ordered to pay back the money.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a young boy whose body was found at a house in Oxfordshire.
Colin Gilmour, who was seen hanging from the Cenotaph during the London riots, did not know what the memorial looked like, a court has heard.
A man who tried to behead a dentist in a Tesco supermarket has been jailed for attempted murder.
At least 39 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, and other cities, officials say.
Austria is to impose daily limits on the number of refugees it will take in, in an attempt to stem the flow of migrants entering the country.
David Beckham's Miami Beckham United have announced plans to open a Major League Soccer franchise in the American city in 2018.
Alfred Hitchcock sexually harassed actress Tippi Hedren in the early 1960s, the Oscar-winning actress has said.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) say a woman who lost more than half of her body weight after weight loss surgery is still being treated for several health problems.
A new video showing the Queen Mother giving the Nazi salute during World War Two has been released.
Lewis Hamilton says he is drawing inspiration from Muhammad Ali as he attempts to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the Formula 1 world championship.
Storm Desmond was the most extreme winter's flooding in the UK since 1947, according to a new study.
Voting is under way in one of the most marginal council seats in the country.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic was beaten in five sets by Stan Wawrinka in the French Open final to lose to the world number one for the first time in his career.
Yorkshire ended the first day of their County Championship Division One match against Durham with a five-wicket win at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in Saturday's 2-2 Premier League draw with Sunderland.
When the Advisory Committee on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD) issued a report last year recommending a general ban on so-called psychoactive substances, the Home Office refused to implement the recommendations of the panel.
Morocco's Football Association (FMRFF) has banned fans from attending matches after trouble marred a match between Raja Casablanca and a local second division club on Sunday.
On a sweltering afternoon in Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, thousands of people have gathered to watch President Robert Mugabe deliver his annual Heroes' Day address.
Rangers youngster Josh Windass is targeting more goals after scoring his first in pre-season for the first time since leaving Accrington Stanley.
A New Zealand-based start-up has successfully launched a tiny rocket for the first time.
The amount of overtime payments paid to consultants in Scotland has risen by more than a third in the last three years, according to a BBC investigation.
A new study has found that if you're playing rugby, you might want to think twice before you tackle the ball.
The number of people killed in Saturday's eruption of Indonesia's Mount Sinabung volcano has risen to at least 11, officials say.
The UK voted to leave the European Union in the EU referendum on 23 June last year.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared to resume his playing career after Uefa found him guilty of failing a drugs test.
As the general election campaign draws to a close, BBC Wales takes a look at some of the key battleground seats in Wales.
There should be no stigma attached to children having basic rights to food, according to the Children's Commissioner for Scotland.
An NHS trust has apologised to the family of a girl who took her own life after being told she did not meet the criteria for specialist mental health treatment.
A police decision to increase the cost of a fixed penalty for speeding motorists has been branded a "cash-for-crash merry-go-round" by a drivers' group.
West Point cadets at the US military academy in New York have been involved in a pillow fight in which cadets threw pillows at each other.
The president of a human rights and minority affairs committee in Brazil is facing calls for him to step down after he posted offensive comments on Twitter about homosexuals and people of African descent.
The original Batmobile, the original vehicle used in the 1960s TV series Batman, has sold at auction for $1.5m (Â£1.1m) in the US.
Home Secretary Theresa May has unveiled plans to make it harder for illegal immigrants to live in the UK and use public services such as the NHS.
On the eve of the first round of France's presidential election, thousands of people gathered in Paris's Place de la Concorde to listen to one of the country's best-known anti-austerity speakers.
World champion Mark Selby eased into the World Championship second round with a 10-1 victory over Jimmy O'Brien at the Crucible Theatre.
The funeral of a former Barnsley FC player and club legend has taken place.
The UK's biggest energy supplier is to pay out £1.6m in compensation to customers who experienced "unacceptable" service, the energy regulator Ofgem has said.
Nico Rosberg extended his lead at the top of the Formula 1 standings with victory in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton suffered his worst weekend of the season.
A man has denied killing a man whose body was found in the middle of a road in Windermere.
Mario Balotelli says he will always have a special place in his heart for Manchester City after completing his move to AC Milan for an undisclosed fee.
Volkswagen's market value has been wiped off after the German carmaker was caught up in the biggest scandal in the history of the global car industry.
Kilmarnock midfielder Scott Samson has signed a new one-year contract with the Scottish League One club.
Andy Murray's wife Kim Sears is due to become a mother for the first time, the BBC understands.
Paris St-Germain have made an approach to the Premiership to play in the Super Rugby competition next season.
A time capsule containing a bottle of wine and a newspaper dating back to 1894 has been found during work to rebuild a road bridge in the Highlands.
Gaming experts are predicting a big things for virtual reality at the E3 tech show in Los Angeles, America.
A Chinese woman's claim that she was forced to undergo plastic surgery after her husband filed for divorce because of her "fat face" has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has said the Vatican's recognition of Palestinian statehood is the first step in the process of restoring peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with an alleged hare coursing incident in Dalkeith, East Dunbartonshire, in March.
The shortlist for the 2016 Dylan Thomas Prize for Young Authors has been announced.
Thousands of South Africans are marching through the streets of the capital, Pretoria, calling for President Jacob Zuma to step down.
Former Cabinet minister Chris Huhne has been criticised for being given a Parliamentary pass despite being jailed for driving offences.
A worker at Devonport Royal Dockyard has been contaminated with radiation after a torpedo tube exploded, the nuclear safety watchdog has said.
A man has been cleared of sexually abusing boys in the 1970s and 1980s in Nottingham.
Microsoft is launching an education edition of its Minecraft game.
Republic of Ireland assistant manager Michael Keane says he is keen to return to club management in the future after agreeing a new two-year contract with manager Michael O'Neill.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for a number of players in the January transfer window.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said he would like to see a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union as soon as possible.
The European Council president has said the UK will not be able to begin talks on trade and the UK's future relationship with the EU at the same time.
Three teenagers have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of four teenagers in Dumbarton.
An investigation is under way into the cause of a fire at a derelict pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
The number of essay-writing websites offering students bespoke essays for a fee is causing "concern" among Welsh universities, it has been claimed.
A man accused of trying to join so-called Islamic State posted a picture of a police officer walking away from a car and around a car park, a court has heard.
Councillors in Aberdeenshire have agreed to take action to stop Donald Trump's golf course on the outskirts of Inverness being used as a polling station.
There are signs that the so-called Islamic State (IS) is losing control of the Iraqi city of Mosul.
Mame Biram Diouf's injury-time equaliser earned Stoke a point at Stamford Bridge to deny Chelsea their first Premier League win of the season.
A man who was found injured at a Dorset leisure complex has died.
Dizzee Rascal is among the first acts to be announced for this year's Wickerman Festival.
The number of bank branches closing in Scotland has reached an all-time high, according to new research.
The world's biggest banks have agreed new rules designed to prevent them becoming "too big to fail", the Bank of England has said.
The UK economy grew by 0.7% in the first three months of the year, official figures have shown.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Aberdeen has been named by police.
Chinese shares continued to rise on Monday as the country's main share index hit a fresh seven-year high, despite disappointing trade data.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced that 500 and 1,000 rupee notes will be withdrawn from circulation from Wednesday.
A cyclist has been arrested on suspicion of attempted rape after a woman was attacked in Bournemouth.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have gone head-to-head for the first time in the build-up to Saturday's heavyweight world title fight.
Two climbers have gone missing while attempting to scale one of Europe's highest peaks in the French Alps, police say.
Parents are being given a new tool to help keep their children safe on the road.
Footprints made by the ancestors of crocodiles and dinosaurs have been found in the Pyrenees mountains in Spain.
Matt Kennedy is to step down as Kent County Cricket Club chairman at the end of the season.
An Indian MP from the right-wing Shiv Sena party has been banned from flying after he was accused of kicking an Air India employee in a row over a seat.
It's one of the most notorious massacres in the history of the United States, in the town of Columba in the state of Colorado, USA.
Boris Johnson has a history of turning his back on President-elect Donald Trump.
Being overweight as a teenager may increase the risk of developing bowel cancer later in life, a study suggests.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said it is a "tragedy" of the party's current state that it is "in danger of not asking the right questions", he has said.
One of the UK's last remaining outdoor public toilets has been restored to its former glory.
President Hassan Rouhani is one of Iran's best-known and most popular politicians.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he would have been "ecstatic" if he had not succeeded in succeeding his father Chris as manager of the national team.
Three Northumbria hospitals are to extend the closure of overnight emergency care units due to a lack of demand, the health trust has said.
When I first started working for the BBC in Moscow in the early 1990s, one of the first things I learned about the workings of the Kremlin was how to spot the difference between what's going on in the West and the East.
Commuters in London have the longest commutes in the rest of the UK, according to a new study by the TUC.
More than 160 people have signed a petition calling for all pets to have their microchips scanned when they are found dead on the roads.
3D printing has come a long way since it was invented in the 1980s - and is now used by some of the world's biggest companies, such as Google and Apple.
Chelsea have held talks with manager Jose Mourinho about a new contract after winning the Premier League title for the second time in three seasons.
Retailer Brantano has gone into administration, putting thousands of jobs at risk.
The trial of a man accused of murdering his parents in County Tyrone has heard he was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time of the crime.
Wolfsburg won the German Cup for the first time in the competition's history as Borussia Dortmund suffered a shock 3-1 defeat in the final in Berlin.
The mother of a teenage girl who took her own life has said she is "appalled" a report into her daughter's death will not be made public.
Google has released the first preview of the next version of its Android operating system.
Members of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra have failed to agree on a new chief conductor, the orchestra's board has announced.
St Peter's College of Derry will contest the Hogan Cup final for the first time after beating St Mary's of Monaghan 2-14 to 1-13 in the semi-final.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Wycombe Wanderers boss John Waddock as their new manager.
The Conservatives have promised to introduce a cap on the amount of money energy suppliers can charge customers, if they win the general election.
The 2016 Olympic Games have started in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
A man has been left in an induced coma after being stabbed in a road rage attack in Middlesbrough.
Argentina will go to the polls in a presidential run-off next month after the first round of voting ended in a tight race.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted a "breakthrough" for the party in the Welsh and Scottish parliaments in May's local and European elections.
Plans to revamp Jersey Airport's terminal building have been criticised by heritage campaigners.
Southend United have signed Charlton Athletic striker Jake Cooper on a season-long loan deal, with the option of a permanent deal.
Plans to build a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol's regeneration zone are expected to get the go-ahead next week.
On the outskirts of the Colombian city of Cartagena, just outside the city of Bogota, you might be forgiven for thinking you had stumbled across a drug lord's hide-out.
The owners of a golf course in the Highlands have offered to pay for the cost of repairing a sinkhole after a dog was pictured apparently escaping from it.
Tesco has reported a 5.7% fall in annual pre-tax profits to £1.1bn as it continues to grapple with the impact of the accounting scandals of the past year.
Mansfield Town have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Jake Oliver on loan until the end of the season.
A Polish journalist who has been expelled from Russia has vowed to take his cat with him when he leaves the country.
Venezuela's security forces have used "excessive force" against protesters since a wave of anti-government protests began in April, a UN report says.
Three of the UK's new Earth observation satellites have been sent back to Earth for the first time.
The family of a D-Day veteran from Carmarthenshire have been presented with his France's highest military honour.
Grimsby Town have signed Mansfield Town striker Luke Murphy on a season-long loan deal.
The leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said the "status quo" is not an option if the Welsh Government wants to cut the number of councils.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Ross Ford has been given a one-week ban by the Rugby Football Union after pleading guilty to violent conduct.
The Iranian government has ordered the country's biggest social media companies to block access to certain types of messaging apps, including Facebook and Twitter.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Ainslie has launched a new team to challenge for the America's Cup in 2013.
The idea of being able to sign on to a computer or tablet simply by drawing a picture on to it has raised security concerns.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a 28-year-old man who was stabbed outside a pub in Grimsby.
China has accused Japan of breaching its pacifist constitution by passing controversial new security laws that allow the military to fight overseas.
Rafael Benitez's first game in charge of Chelsea ended in defeat as Southampton came from 2-0 down to claim a point at Stamford Bridge.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's one-day international series against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan because of a hamstring injury.
A new species of dinosaur has been identified from a fossil found in a museum collection in Dorset, dating back to the Jurassic period.
Britain's Laura Archibald won her second gold medal of the Track Cycling World Championships with victory in the women's scratch race in London.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches in the 2016-17 season has topped four million for the first time.
Alexandra Palace Theatre in north London is to undergo a £20m refurbishment as part of a project to transform Alexandra Palace into a new cultural hub.
A huge sinkhole has opened up on one of the most famous holes in the golfing world - the 18th green at Royal Porthcawl Country Club in Wales.
The number of people claiming to have registered to vote twice in the snap general election is likely to have been between 30% and 70% of applications, the electoral register watchdog has said.
Nottingham Flyers secured their place in the Women's British Basketball League Play-offs with victory over Manchester Force on the final day of the regular season.
Ospreys' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a major blow as they were held to a draw by Racing 92 at Liberty Stadium.
A terminally ill five-year-old boy who has received more than 11,000 Christmas cards from well-wishers has had his cancer treatment extended.
Fifa's taskforce has recommended that the Qatar 2022 World Cup should be played in November and December.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after Barclays was sued by the US government for alleged mortgage securities fraud, while the FTSE 100 fell 0.1%.
A County Antrim woman has lost out in a competition to become the first Northern Ireland winner of the BT speaking clock contest.
Vincenzo Ventura has been named as Antonio Conte's successor as Italy head coach after Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will never give up on life after 20 years of campaigning for justice for her son.
Cheltenham Town have signed Leyton Orient midfielder Christian Atangana on a one-year deal.
Nick Compton says he is an "intense performer" and a "different guy" after being recalled to the England Test team for the first time in two years.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oklahoma charged with the murder of an Australian student in what police say was a case of mistaken identity.
How many times do you go to school and find out you're the star pupil of the day?
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup in New Zealand.
Google has released its list of the most popular searches made by UK users in 2014, with the Ebola outbreak topping the list.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gavin Cattle says his side will have to "correct" some of the "sloppiness" that cost them in their 26-10 defeat by Gloucester at the European Challenge Cup.
A woman with a rare condition that has left her unable to walk has said she is to marry a man with the same condition.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered his government to review all ties with the United Nations.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled in favour of Lithuanian ex-President Linas Paksas, who was barred from standing for election in 2004.
Arsenal made it two wins out of two in the Premier League this season with victory over Watford at Emirates Stadium.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain across parts of south and mid Wales on Monday.
The number of women who have had a miscarriage in England and Wales has reached an all-time high of 1,000 a year, according to new figures.
Cerberus, the US investment fund which bought Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, paid a Belfast law firm £15m for access to the Northern Ireland Executive, a committee of the Irish parliament has heard.
Ayr United moved off the foot of the Championship with a hard-fought win at Dunfermline Athletic.
Former Scottish first minister Jack McConnell has revealed he fell down a drain in Malawi while on a visit to the country.
An inmate at HMP Elmley prison has died in his cell, the Prison Service has confirmed.
A convicted fraudster has admitted pretending to be a court clerk in order to escape from a London prison.
Two local authorities have been criticised in a report by the public spending watchdog for unlawful pension arrangements given to their chief executives.
A driver has been caught doing 51mph in a 30mph zone on the M62 motorway near Rotherham.
The Irish government has said it will work with the UK government to ensure that EU nationals living in the Republic of Ireland will be able to stay in the UK after Brexit.
EastEnders star Barbara Windsor is celebrating her 90th birthday with a special ceremony at the Royal Albert Hall.
Virtual reality (VR) has come a long way since it was first used by computer gamers to play games such as Pokemon Go.
Satisfaction with the student experience at Welsh universities has continued to rise, according to the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales.
Thousands of people are gathering in Cologne for the city's New Year's Eve carnival, a year after hundreds of women were sexually assaulted in the German city.
The Northern Ireland Assembly is to meet for the first time this week to discuss the use of public money.
A black woman has claimed she was racially discriminated against at a nightclub on her 24th birthday after being refused entry because of her skin colour.
Vulnerable children in foster care in Scotland are struggling to find stability, according to a new report.
Three friends who tackled a thief to the ground after he tried to steal jewellery from a house have been given bravery awards.
The London Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) has called on the government to offer special immigration visas to EU nationals living in the capital.
Derby County captain Andy Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Drinks giant Diageo has been accused of "behaving like Scrooge" after union members at some of its Scottish distilleries voted in favour of strike action.
Translink has said that the first of its new £12.2m "refurbished" commuter trains is to return to service this afternoon.
Indonesia's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa calling for a ban on child marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for a boycott of the sport because of the country's continuing economic crisis.
Boris Johnson has said the government is considering the possibility of the UK paying the EU to stay in the single market after Brexit.
The Rock am Ring music festival in southern Germany has been cancelled after a lightning strike on the second day of the three-day event.
India's parliament has passed a bill to increase the maximum jail terms for juvenile offenders from three to 10 years.
Four people have appeared in court charged in connection with the discovery of the body of missing teenager Becky Watts.
The mother of a boy who was removed from an overbooked EasyJet flight at Gatwick Airport has called for an "immediate overhaul" of the airline's ticketing system.
A woman who campaigned for the polio vaccine in the 1950s and 60s has been honoured for her work 50 years after her death.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been persuaded to stay on as party leader, the party has announced.
The Gedling Country Park has been given the go-ahead to leave the former coal spoil tip in the middle of the park.
The UK's highest court has been asked to reinstate a ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed in its duty to stop loyalist flag protests in east Belfast in 2012.
Labour has backed the government's plan to eliminate the deficit by 2017-18.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a man who died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
The family of a man stabbed to death at a housing hostel in Newport have called on the National Probation Service to publish a report into the circumstances leading up to his death.
Somerset and Lancashire had to settle for a draw in their One-Day Cup Division One match after the game was called off without a ball being bowled.
Secondary schools in England have been told how well they are performing for the first time, as the results of the latest GCSE results are released.
A woman accused of painting her house in red and white stripes in a row over a basement space is due to go to court to find out if she will be allowed to demolish it.
As the partial US government shutdown enters its third week, the BBC News website takes a look at what is known about the plans to keep federal workers on duty.
The Dartmoor hill pony could be put up for sale in the meat trade in a bid to stop the breed disappearing from the moors, a conservation group has said.
Latam airlines has said it will suspend all flights to and from the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo to the Venezuelan capital, Caracas.
Nine men have been charged in connection with a crash in West Yorkshire in which four people died.
Spanish police have arrested a suspected member of the so-called Pink Panther gang, suspected of carrying out a string of armed robberies, in a raid on a jewellery shop in Barcelona.
Scunthorpe United missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as Rochdale held them to a draw at Spotland.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are expected to vote on Thursday on whether to extend the contract of a Glasgow-based company to carry out repairs in the area.
Radhika Menon, the first female ship captain in the Indian Merchant Navy, has won an international award for rescuing a group of fishermen from a sinking fishing boat.
England's collapse on the final day of the final Test against India in Chennai was the defining moment of this summer's tour of India.
CBBC has been asking kids what they think is the best way to stop bullying.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new two-year contract with the Division One club, with the option of a further year.
Cameroon's hopes of reaching the Confederations Cup semi-finals suffered a major blow after losing 2-1 to Germany in their last-16 tie.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has visited the first phase of the Royal Navy's new fleet of boats to be built in Portsmouth.
Siemens has been named as the preferred bidder for a £1.1bn contract to build the first fleet of high-speed trains for the HS2 project.
Northern Ireland's Department of Agriculture is to begin the process of selling off about £15m of loans to farmers in Northern Ireland.
Harriet Harman, the former Labour women's commissioner for equal pay and equal rights, gave an impassioned speech at the Women's Equality Party conference in London on Thursday.
A woman has admitted ordering her pet dog to attack another woman in a "dangerously out of control" attack in Aberdeen.
A 17-year-old boy arrested after two teenagers were killed in a crash in Monmouthshire has been released on bail.
Three Leicester Tigers players have been named in the England squad for the 2017 Six Nations Championship.
The last woolly mammoths lived on Wrangel Island in the Arctic for about 4,000 years before they were driven to extinction.
Veteran British actor John Johnson, best known for his roles in The Haunting of Khartoum and Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, has died aged 91.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in west Belfast have released CCTV footage of a man they want to trace in connection with the attack.
The names of soldiers who trained in Wiltshire during World War One have been found on the site of a former Army training camp.
A commemorative mosaic has been unveiled at Amsterdam's cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War Two bombing campaign which saved thousands of Dutch people from starvation.
Restrictions on fast food restaurants near schools are being introduced in Kent in a bid to tackle obesity.
Toymaker Lego has ended its relationship with the Daily Mail after a campaign group, Stop Funding Hate, criticised the company for advertising with the newspaper.
Scientists in the US say they have found a drug that could revolutionise the way HIV is tackled, by wokening up dormant parts of the virus.
A man accused of trying to buy ricin poison from the "dark net" after watching the TV series Breaking Bad was motivated by a desire to "push the boundaries of what is possible with technology", a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the assembly election, promising to create a "well-educated and wealthier Wales".
The Essex town of Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks are in talks with a number of top-level rugby league players, says director of rugby Steve Diamond.
Greece captain Ioannis Karagounis will retire from international football after his side's exit from the World Cup in Brazil.
Substitute Jack Baird scored a last-minute equaliser as St Mirren came from behind to beat Ayr United in the League Cup.
A Monster Jam driver has pulled off one of the trickiest stunts in the history of the sport - by flipping upside down!
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march in a day after Tata Steel announced plans to mothball its plants in Motherwell and Cambuslang.
Vloggers are being told to be more transparent about sponsored content on their YouTube channels.
The mother of a boy with special needs has said she is concerned that other families are being put in the position of having to struggle to find a place for her son at a special school.
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at ending months of political turmoil in the country.
This week, we're taking a trip back in time to the days when Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull was prime minister.
The National Crime Agency has agreed to continue investigating allegations of historical child abuse in north Wales.
The death of a man whose body was found at a hotel in Edinburgh is not being treated as suspicious, police have said.
British and Irish Lions wing George North and fly-half Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the New Zealand tour because of injuries.
Reading have loaned midfielder Krisztian Rakels to Polish side Lech Poznan on a season-long loan.
Lana Del Rey is having the time of her life.
The United States has seen a series of high-profile shootings of unarmed black people by the police in recent months, leading to protests across the country.
Ofsted is calling for "greater urgency" in closing down unregistered schools in England, which it says are being used as cover for "illegal activity".
The Women's Super League One squads have been announced.
British number three Aljaz Bedene says he wants to represent Slovenia at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
Spain's Fernando Rodriguez says he will retire at the end of this year's Tour de France.
A Londonderry woman has been awarded £10,000 after being discriminated against for having a disabled daughter.
I'm sitting at my desk at Westminster, listening to the latest in a long line of news about the EU referendum debate.
Gary Dunlop will take to the wheel of his father Joey at this year's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod.
Leeds United chief executive Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" of the club's players, according to chairman Massimo Raynor.
"I used to love running," says Emma Black, as she walks through Hyde Park in east London.
Anthony Dickens will fight for the WBA super-bantamweight title against WBA champion Guillermo Rigondeaux at London's O2 Arena on 29 April.
The Department of Foreign Affairs in the Republic of Ireland has announced that certificates of Irish heritage will no longer be made available to people living abroad.
Thirteen sheep have been stolen from a farm in Dumfries and Galloway.
New WBO world heavyweight champion Joseph Parker was outclassed by Razvan Cojanu in his first title defence, losing a unanimous points decision in Auckland.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of policy reverses on his first full day in the White House.
Jockey AP McCoy won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his final appearance in the racecourse's Champion Chase, riding Don Cossack to victory in the King George VI Chase.
Wales rugby player Scott Williams has said he was "not racist" after a photo of him dressed as a black man was posted on social media.
Vietnamese student Phoo Bich Phuc has thanked people for their support after his Facebook profile was deleted because of his name.
Tesco has bought a 49% stake in Giraffe, one of the UK's best-known coffee shops and restaurants, for an undisclosed sum.
An Edinburgh taxi driver has used his mobile phone to take pictures of the people he takes to work as a tourist photographer.
The bodies of 12 Syrian refugees have washed up on a Turkish beach after their boat sank while trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal blamed his players' first-half performance for the 2-1 defeat by FK Jutland that left them bottom of the table.
Trading standards are "as strong as its weakest link" because of a lack of funding, a leading expert has said.
Three people have been charged in connection with an alleged fraud in Cardiff.
Portsmouth owner Michael Eisner has confirmed he is interested in the vacant manager's job at Fratton Park.
The International Rescue Committee and the Doctors of the World have called for an investigation into the deaths of at least three migrants at a migrant camp in the Greek island of Kos.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of one of the most complete Stegosauruses ever found.
A former Volkswagen engineer has pleaded guilty in the US to charges related to the diesel emissions scandal that has rocked the German carmaker.
Cervical, gut and liver cancers are among the most commonly caused by infections, a study suggests.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the threat of foreign fighters returning from Syria and Iraq.
British astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after spending a month in space.
BBC Radio 1 has unveiled its new line-up of presenters ahead of the station's 50th birthday next year.
At least eight whales have died in a second mass stranding off the Isle of Wight in the space of 24 hours.
The Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen has now been in action for three weeks.
It is not every day you get the chance to present a Radio 4 programme on Valentine's Day.
Scottish soft drinks maker AG Barr has announced plans to reduce the sugar content of its Irn Bru range by more than 50% by the middle of this year.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep a billionaire investor on its board, despite criticism of his role in a legal battle with the publisher of the news website Gawker.
The Museum of London is trying to raise funds to rebuild one of the world's most famous robots, known as "The Thing".
"El Salvador is on alert," reads an advert on the front page of El Salvador's national newspaper, La Prensa.
Great Britain's winter sports are to receive a £10m boost in funding from UK Sport following their record-breaking performance at the Sochi Winter Olympics.
Manchester Storm boosted their hopes of reaching the Elite League play-offs with a 2-1 win over Manchester Storm at the Manchester Arena.
A former police and crime commissioner has called for a change in the law to allow prosecutors to decide who is to blame if a cyclist is killed in a collision with a car.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady's sister-in-law will not be prosecuted over the disappearance of a letter she gave to one of his victims, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
Portsmouth and 10-man Carlisle played out a goalless draw at Fratton Park.
The shape of the electron, one of the most fundamental particles in the Universe, is more distorted than previously thought, according to a new measurement.
The attorney general has said it is an "open question" whether statements made in Parliament which are in breach of court orders should be made public.
The family of a student who suffered life-changing injuries when he fell from the roof of a college have been ordered to pay £1.5m in compensation.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish crashed out of the race.
The parking company at the centre of an investigation into claims drivers have been wrongly charged for hours at a free-parking site has said it has taken steps to prevent the problem happening again.
Plans to improve one of Glasgow's busiest roads have gone out to public consultation.
A new song calling for African unity has been released in South Africa in the wake of recent attacks on foreigners living in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found at a house in Worcestershire.
The Welsh government's decision not to get involved in a row with university leaders over funding cuts in the Welsh budget may have been a chance to show it wasn't afraid to make unpopular decisions.
The BBC Trust has upheld a decision to publish a column in the magazine Countryside about grouse shooting by BBC presenter Richard Packham, despite complaints he breached impartiality guidelines.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 2-1 to level the best-of-seven World Series at 2-2.
Former Coronation Street actress Alison Bracknell has raised more than £100,000 for cancer treatment after launching a fundraising campaign to pay for her treatment.
Tony Ulloa's injury-time equaliser rescued a point for West Ham as 10-man Leicester were held to a draw at King Power Stadium.
China, the world's second-largest economy, is one of the fastest-growing economies in the world, and is attracting billions of dollars of foreign investment.
The Queen is to celebrate her 90th birthday later this year with a street party in the centre of London.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
An algorithm that can predict when a robot is going to fall has been developed by researchers in the US.
The idea of a national identity card scheme has been a long-standing part of British public life.
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has held his first face-to-face talks with the club's players ahead of the start of the new season.
US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said the scope of the US investigation into corruption at Fifa is "not limited", as Swiss prosecutors said they are investigating the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland is the right man to replace Stuart Lancaster as England head coach, says ex-British and Irish Lions coach Graham Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has accused former FBI Director James Comey of leaking information to the press.
George Galloway has been reported to police after he was accused of breaching election law by tweeting during the Bradford Westwood by-election.
Work to repair a landslip-damaged road in the Isle of Wight is to be carried out on a new route, away from the coast, following a two-year dispute between residents and the council.
Mexican wrestler wrestling has made its debut in a video game at the E3 gaming convention in Los Angeles.
A man has been jailed for failing to give money raised at a charity event to the family of a terminally ill boy.
Australia has appointed former Treasurer Joe Hockey as its next ambassador to the United States.
Northern Ireland Economy Minister Simon Hamilton is to submit a plan to reduce the tariffs paid to thousands of people who benefited from the botched RHI scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 have said they believe he was killed in a digger accident.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Graeme McDowell shot a second-round one-over-par 72 to slip to a share of the lead after two rounds of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Love locks are being removed from a bridge in a town where they have been fastened to the structure for the past two years.
Lewis Hamilton says it is realistic to expect to lose the Formula 1 world championship to team-mate Nico Rosberg in the final four races of the season.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in a car in Oxfordshire.
A dog has died after falling into the River Gannoch in Perthshire.
Australian police are investigating reports that a "clown purge" is under way in Melbourne, similar to the "killer clown" craze in the US.
Durham Jets came from behind to beat Leicestershire Jets in a rain-affected T20 Blast match in Newcastle.
India's batsmen dominated the first day of the third Test against South Africa with bat and ball as the visitors were bowled out for 201 on day one.
The number of people switching energy suppliers in the UK has broken three million for the first time, according to new figures.
There is a "big yawning gap" between the physical activity levels of girls and boys in the same age group, according to a study of seven-year-olds.
The bone of osteoporosis patients who have been taking a drug to treat the condition has been bombarded with X-rays for the first time.
St Mirren have signed striker Cammy Smith on loan from Dundee United until the end of the season.
Power has been reconnected to the last customers left without electricity in Greater Manchester after flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
Transport for London (TfL) is to stop issuing cash-only tickets on all of its buses from the end of the year, it has announced.
Edinburgh will play their home matches at Myreside for the next two seasons after announcing plans to expand the club's training ground next season.
Glasgow-based retailer The Watt Group has announced plans to create up to 100 new jobs as part of a multi-million pound expansion programme.
What do you do if you want to lose weight, stay fit and stay healthy?
South Yorkshire Police has said it is "profoundly sorry" for the way it failed the victims of the 1989 Hillsborough disaster.
The hard shoulder of the M4 in Birmingham has reopened after being closed following a three-vehicle crash.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has ended in the area where pings from the missing plane's flight recorders were detected, Australian and US officials say.
Scottish League Two play-off hopefuls Clyde, Arbroath and Elgin City all started their campaigns with wins on the opening day of the season.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A former music teacher used his power to sexually abuse a student, a court has heard.
China's crude oil imports from Iran jumped in July, despite a dispute with the US over Tehran's refusal to settle a payment dispute, according to official figures.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been accused of being "complacent" over a £39m deal to buy timber from a company which has not yet built a sawmill.
Council tax bills could rise by an average of £200 a year over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has said.
In the beginning of the week, the story of the disappearance of a seven-year-old boy from his parents' garden in the northern Japanese town of Kagoshima was a simple one.
It has been a busy week for me.
Mo Farah, one of the world's best-known athletes, has given Newsround his top tips for young athletes.
UKIP leadership candidate Raheem Kassam has launched his election campaign, promising to "make UKIP great again" and increase membership to 100,000 by 2020.
Former Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern has said he does not expect a hard border to be re-introduced between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland after Brexit.
A blue plaque has been unveiled in memory of Merseyside workers who fought in the Spanish Civil War.
A woman has been shot dead in what is believed to have been a case of mistaken identity, police have said.
The Battle of the Somme is one of the most famous battles of the Second World War, fought between France and Germany.
The leader of the Baloch separatist movement in Pakistan's restive province of Balochistan has said he is prepared to hold peace talks with the country's military.
David Cameron's decision to move the EU summit from Tuesday to Wednesday has been described as a "last-ditch effort" by a senior member of his own cabinet, who wants to campaign for the UK to remain in the EU.
Peruvian ex-President Alberto Fujimori has announced plans to post his thoughts on social media while he is behind bars.
Campaigners are calling on the Welsh government to vaccinate boys aged 12 and 13 against a cancer-causing virus.
The manufacturer of a blue plastic cup for a boy who only drinks from it once a day is to make a limited edition of the original mould after a father's Twitter appeal went viral.
Tom Cairney scored his first goal of the season as Fulham ended Brentford's unbeaten start to the season with victory at Griffin Park.
French President Francois Hollande has appointed Philippe Ayrault as foreign minister, the Elysee Palace has announced.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of public order offences after he was spotted "sleepwalking" through Manchester city centre in the middle of the night.
The 2017 Winter Olympics will be taking place in Sochi, Russia.
New Wycombe Wanderers signing Adebayo Akinfenwa was sent off in his first competitive match for the League Two club.
US Congressman Chaka Fattah has been found guilty of running a multi-million dollar bribery and money laundering scheme.
UK Sport has set a target of winning at least three gold medals for Team GB at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has published his latest proposal on the fiscal framework for Scotland's new devolved budget.
Dayle Southwell scored the only goal of the game as Wycombe ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with victory over Stevenage.
A teenager who killed an 11-year-old boy in a row over a biscuit has been jailed for a minimum of 10 years.
Northern Ireland sailors have had their hopes of winning medals at the European Rowing Championships on the final day of competition in Amsterdam.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated over a car crash in Florida in which a man was killed, police say.
Chess and boxing may not be the first thing that springs to mind when you think of the word "chess", but the two are inextricably linked.
A fund-raising campaign to save an array of radio telescopes used to search for signs of alien life has raised enough money to allow the project to resume operations.
Two newly-elected Scottish Conservative MSPs have been campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union.
A man who was arrested after spending the night on the roof of a church in Edinburgh has been fined for his "stupid, idiotic act".
The Labour Party's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) has failed to reach an agreement on a plan to allow Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet to elect their own members.
A police force is to record all hate crimes against women as a "misogynistic" crime.
A BBC Spotlight survey for the BBC Spotlight programme on the potential outcome of a border poll suggests a majority of Northern Ireland voters want to stay in the UK.
An Iranian couple who were part of a group of refugees being sent from Australia's Nauru detention centre to Cambodia have returned to their home country.
A cafe sign mocking the disappearance of April Jones has been branded "shocking" and "totally inappropriate" on social media.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 10 years for encouraging support for so-called Islamic State.
A four-year-old boy who died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot has been named as Jack Davies.
Apple has raised $35bn (Â£24.5bn) in a bond sale to help fund its plan to return some of its cash to shareholders.
An NHS trust that runs five hospitals in Kent has been placed in special measures after inspectors found it to be "inadequate".
China has expressed "serious concern" over comments made by US President-elect Donald Trump about the so-called "One China" policy.
A baby hatchery in southern China is temporarily closing its doors to new babies after a rise in the number of abandoned infants, its director has said, state media report.
The death of a father who tried to save his son after he was pulled from the sea at a beach where a group of friends drowned, an inquest has heard.
So what is the so-called "lock" in the Labour government's fiscal policy?
The family of a British backpacker who has been missing in the Democratic Republic of Congo for more than a month are to fly to the country to try to find him.
Peruvian President Ollanta Humala has said his government has begun to "lay the groundwork for the great transformation that most citizens of our country crave".
A man has been rescued from the sea near Bangor, County Down, after being found lying face-down in the water.
A pub has been accused of discriminating against bikers by banning them from its car park, the BBC has learned.
Leeds Rhinos moved to within a point of Super League's top two with a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves at Headingley.
Promotion-chasing Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to seven points with a 3-1 win away to Queen's Park.
Plans to rebuild a shopping centre which has been closed for more than a decade have been given the go-ahead.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs, with production moving to a site in County Clare in the Republic of Ireland.
The head of the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in England and Wales has resigned from the panel on which he worked, the Independent Inquiry into Child Abuse (IICSA) has announced.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed an agreement to work towards closer co-operation.
A report into the death of a baby who was mauled to death by her own mother's dog has called for a "greater curiosity" among health workers about family pets.
England women's head coach Mark Sampson has named a 23-strong squad for the January friendlies against Norway and Sweden.
On 23 June, the UK will vote on whether or not to remain a member of the European Union (EU).
Morocco's interior minister has accused the authorities of "systematic irregularities" in the country's referendum on a new constitution, which was boycotted by the opposition.
Kevin Pietersen hit his first Twenty20 century of the season as South African Premier League side Dolphins beat Melbourne Knights in Johannesburg.
A legal challenge to the UK's decision to leave the European Union is to be taken to the Court of Appeal.
Northern Ireland has been in a political crisis for the last few weeks.
The Royal Academy of Arts is to host a new exhibition of Henri Monet's water lilies to mark the centenary of his birth.
The owner of a fireworks shop which was destroyed in a controlled explosion has said he is "just lucky to be alive".
Two Sussex Police officers who filmed themselves near the scene of the Shoreham air crash have been sacked.
Islam Slimani and Demarai Gray scored twice as Leicester City progressed to the second round of the EFL Cup with victory at Sheffield United.
Hospitals in Wales are failing to save enough lives due to a lack of early warning of sepsis, according to new research.
The estranged wife and children of late US comedian Robin Williams have gone to court to try to resolve a dispute over the contents of his estate.
A man who registered the births of more than 1,000 babies in a "sophisticated" scheme to claim benefits has been jailed for two years.
Luca Parmitani, the first European astronaut to walk in space, has returned to Earth after a six-and-a-half year mission.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Maidstone.
The UK government's arms exports to Saudi Arabia are lawful, the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order suffered another batting collapse as they lost to India A by eight wickets in the second of two one-day internationals in Mumbai.
Cruise company Carnival has reported better-than-expected profits for the three months to the end of September, beating analysts' expectations.
Uruguay will begin selling marijuana in pharmacies in July, the government has announced.
A woman whose friend died in a fire at a wood treatment plant has been awarded the Freedom of the Borough of Bosley.
People living in Bristol, in the UK, are having a bit of a problem with the idea of drinking vinegar.
Oxfordshire's private sector would be "foolish" not to help with cuts to public sector spending, a leading business figure has said.
One person has died after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto.
Timo Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig moved level on points with Bayern Munich at the top of the Bundesliga with a comfortable win at Mainz.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said the UK will have Europe's biggest and most profitable high-speed broadband market by 2016.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that some parts of the world may not be ready to cope with the challenge of tackling the growing HIV epidemic.
Scotland women's goalkeeper Gemma Fay says the disappointment of losing to the Netherlands at the 2014 Women's World Cup was the turning point in her international career.
Crawley Town have signed defender James Hurst following his departure from West Bromwich Albion.
Edinburgh missed out on the European Champions Cup play-off places as they were held to a narrow defeat by Leinster at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has "laid out his position" on the Labour Party's position on the so-called benefit cap, the BBC has learned.
Bosses have been warned not to spy on their employees by the European Court of Human Rights, in the wake of a ruling that allowed companies to read work emails and text messages.
A cheetah fitted with a tracking device has been shot dead in Botswana.
An extra £1.1bn will be needed by 2020 to provide the same level of care for older and disabled people as last year, according to a report.
Kilmarnock have agreed a deal to sign defender Lee McCulloch from Rangers for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much money as some of his rivals in the transfer market this summer.
Widnes Vikings centre Joe Mellor has signed a new two-and-a-half-year deal with the Super League side.
Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder Ryan MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
Inspectors at Dumfries and Galloway General Hospital have found a lack of willingness from management to allow patients with dementia to consent to treatment.
Bournemouth head coach Paul Friend has been ruled out for the rest of the season after falling off the bench during Saturday's Premier League match with Southampton.
A former British colony in the Caribbean, Belize gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1981 and has since become an autonomous republic with its own parliament.
A woman who was accused of having sex with a 15-year-old boy has been found not guilty.
A cannabis-derived treatment for children with epilepsy is being trialled in the UK.
The West African regional bloc Ecowas has warned The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh that it may intervene militarily to force him to step down.
It is not the kind of place you would expect to find hundreds of pupils taking part in.
A judge in the Republic of Ireland has said he did not intend to interfere with comments made by a member of the Irish parliament (Dáil) about the former Anglo Irish Bank chairman's personal finances.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Luke MacGillivray on a one-year deal.
Oil and gas exploration and production company BG Group has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first quarter of the year.
Tourism bosses in Cumbria have warned of a "worrying trend" in forward bookings after Storm Desmond caused a "collapse" in bookings.
Fleetwood Town ended Scunthorpe United's unbeaten start to the League One season with victory at Spotland.
After the devastating 7.8-magnitude earthquake that hit Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, two weeks ago, medical teams have begun to assess the needs of survivors and those displaced by the devastation.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels after the terror attacks are "desperate" to find him, his partner has said.
Former jockey Kerry Turner says female jockeys are being encouraged by the success of female riders like her.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs in North Sea operations in the north east of Scotland.
The remains of an 80-year-old man whose body was found in a river in the US state of New Mexico have been identified as those of a treasure hunter who went missing while on a treasure hunt.
A man in his 40s has died after being hit by a car in north Belfast.
How do you go from not being able to throw a ball, to winning a Commonwealth Youth Games gold medal, to becoming a British hammer thrower at the age of 17?
Transformers: Age of Ultron has topped the US box office in its first weekend of release, marking the lowest-takings fourth of July weekend of the year.
A dog has been rescued from the sea off the Devon coast after it got loose from its lead and ended up in the sea.
The family of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in east London have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
The Rugby World Cup has brought £43m of economic benefits to the North East of England after two weekends of action in Newcastle, organisers have said.
Cardiff City and Bristol City played out a scrappy goalless draw at the Cardiff City Stadium.
Bearded dragons have been rescued from a Glasgow pet shop after being abandoned in a cardboard box.
Newport County moved out of the League Two relegation zone with a 1-0 win over Mansfield Town.
A man has been jailed for helping to carry out the murder of a man whose body was dumped in a park.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Scottish Football Association is considering whether or not to continue with its flagship performance school project, according to chief executive Martin McClair.
A Monet painting of a lily pond called Nympheas has sold at auction in London for £31.7m.
Nico Rosberg won the Singapore Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula 1 world championship as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton came from second to finish second.
Graeme McDowell was full of optimism this week.
The UK's competition watchdog is investigating whether a £50m-a-year cancer drug deal between Pfizer and Flynn Pharma has broken competition law.
Tanzania's Football Federation (TFF) has submitted an application to join world football's governing body, Fifa.
Audi has pulled out of next year's Le Mans 24 Hours of Le Mans to focus on electric racing in the Formula E series.
Residents in Bournemouth have been left without water after a water main burst in the street where they live.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to say her party will stand in next year's Holyrood election pledging to restore tax credits as soon as new powers are available.
Bristol City are boosted by the news that forward Milutin 'Michail' Sela will be available for Friday's Championship game against QPR.
The results of Iraq's parliamentary elections have been announced, marking the start of the process of forming a new government.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning of strong winds across parts of Scotland.
A haul of gold coins from the era of the Fatimid Caliphate has been found in the Mediterranean Sea off the Israeli city of Caesarea.
Former Australian tennis player Marcus Lindahl has been banned for seven years after being found guilty of match-fixing and fined A$2,000 (Â£1,000; $1,800).
The High Pay Commission has found that the average annual salary of the UK's biggest companies' chief executives has risen to just over £1.5m a year, an increase of more than a quarter of a million pounds a year.
A college in Coventry is changing the way it teaches further-education students in a bid to help them get the GCSE grades they need to progress to higher level training.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after she was found abandoned in a street in Tallaght, County Dublin.
A Singaporean couple who staged a wedding photo shoot in a coffin have said they hope to "break a taboo" by encouraging people to "be open about death".
Lukas Jutkiewicz headed in a stoppage-time equaliser as Birmingham City came from behind to earn a point at Huddersfield Town.
Downton Abbey is to have a new guest star in the fifth series of the BBC One drama, with actress Rebecca Johnston joining the cast for the first time.
The past few months have seen a dramatic change in the fortunes of the world's oil producers and consumers.
Wolfsburg striker Nicklas Bendtner has been fined by Uefa for turning up to training in his underwear.
A museum is appealing for help to track down a key part of World War Two codebreakers' equipment after it turned up in a shed in Essex.
Ten arts projects are to benefit from a £450,000 scheme to celebrate the UK-India Year of Culture in 2017.
An academy chain has been told to improve after Ofsted issued a critical letter to the head of one of the largest academy chains in England.
Arsenal have signed former France international Mathieu Reveillere on a one-year deal following a successful trial with the Gunners.
The Russian authorities are considering a plan to ban the public from seeing details of property owned by public officials, according to a report by Transparency International (TI).
Nato and Russia have held their first face-to-face talks since the end of last year, amid "profound and persistent differences" between the two countries.
The Scottish Prison Service is to use jamming technology to disrupt the use of mobile phones in Scottish prisons, Justice Secretary Kirsty MacAskill has announced.
Louisiana has been battered by flooding of "epic proportions" that has killed at least two people and displaced thousands in the southern US state of Louisiana.
Australian airline Jetstar has appointed its first female chief pilot - the first of its kind in the country.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya.
Brazilian President Michel Temer has condemned the gang rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro, after a video of the attack went viral.
Controversial plans for a new golf course in the south of Scotland's most northerly point have gone on public display.
Google is to open its new headquarters in London's King's Cross later this year, creating up to 1,000 new jobs.
Archaeologists studying Stonehenge's ancient inhabitants have discovered a "bungalow" made from a tree stump.
A chronology of key events:
Crystal Palace have made an approach for Liverpool's Christian Benteke, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The family of a 92-year-old Scottish woman who has lived in Australia for more than a year have told the BBC they are facing deportation back to the UK.
A County Tyrone shoe shop has been badly damaged after being hit by flooding caused by Storm Desmond, the Rivers Agency has said.
A task force set up to tackle the future of Scotland's steel industry has met for the second time.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement from all forms of cricket at the age of 28.
Police investigating the death of a newborn baby girl whose body was found at a bus stop in north Wales are appealing for witnesses.
Hearts' return to the top flight is good for the Scottish Premiership, according to Scottish Professional Football League chief executive Martin Doncaster.
The Welsh government's tuition fee grants should be scrapped to allow Welsh universities to compete with other UK universities, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic head coach David Luzon says he is focusing on Saturday's Championship game against Middlesbrough rather than worrying about his own future.
The Chinese government is telling foreign companies to "behave yourself" and "don't mess with us", according to James McGregor, one of the UK's best-known businessmen living in China.
Wales beat England 1-0 in the Euro 2016 quarter-final first leg at Wembley Stadium on Friday night to seal their place in the last 16.
More than a third of working families in England will not be able to cover their housing costs for more than a month if they lose their job, according to a survey by Shelter.
The use of contactless payments has reached an all-time high, according to the UK's card industry.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash in Gwynedd have paid tribute to a "much loved son, brother and uncle".
The US military says the battle to retake the Iraqi city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants could take days or even weeks to complete.
Isabelle Linden scored her first goal for Birmingham City Ladies as they drew at Women's Super League One rivals Reading.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been called up to the Republic of Ireland Under-21 squad for the first time.
The UK's inflation rate held steady at 0.5% in February, the lowest since September 2014, official figures have shown.
Wales won four gold medals on the final day of the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Bologna as David Davies and Sophie Hermitage both set new world records.
The Scottish government has published plans to improve the A9 at Berriedale Braes.
Barnsley manager Paul Heckingbottom says he will not make a decision on the future of defender Yids Yiadom until he has been told otherwise.
The Welsh government has been accused of a "cynical" way of spending public money on a poster campaign to promote plans for the Cardiff Metro.
Paddy Jackson will make his first start of the season in Ireland's Six Nations opener against Italy in Dublin on Saturday.
MPs have clashed over whether the BBC is doing enough for the people of the West Midlands in a televised debate on the future of the corporation.
Astronomers have discovered the most distant object ever detected in our Solar System.
If you're trying to woo someone you're in love with, here's a tip of the trade-off.
England produced one of the greatest victories over New Zealand in the history of Test rugby as they stunned the world's best team at Twickenham.
An artificial intelligence (AI) start-up, OpenAI, has raised $1bn (Â£700m; $1.1bn) from a group of tech giants to fund research into the technology.
Captain Greig Laidlaw scored a hat-trick of penalties as Scotland ran in six tries to beat Georgia in their Six Nations opener at Murrayfield.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea will leave the Premiership club at the end of the season.
The proportion of young people turning out to vote for Labour in the general election has more than doubled in the last two years, according to new figures.
The founder of the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, Sir Neville Marr, has died at the age of 93.
On the eve of the World Championships, one of the biggest events in the history of track and field, there was a sense of deja vu all over again.
A man has died after a two-vehicle crash in County Down.
The Republic of Ireland has become the first country in the world to ban the sale of so-called legal highs.
West Bromwich Albion manager Mark Hughes says he would consider a move for Juventus' Giannelli Imbula if the right offer comes in.
A man has died in a crash between a car and a lorry on a motorway in Kent.
The body of a man has been found in the sea off the Isles of Scilly.
Musician Muramasa Sengo has come top of the BBC's Sound of 2016 list, which showcases emerging artists for the coming 12 months.
At the end of the night at the headquarters of the right-of-centre Likud party in Tel Aviv the mood in the room was one of relief.
Commuting to and from work can be a "daydream" and a "nightmare", according to a survey of more than one million people in the UK.
Barra Airport on the Isle of Barra is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
A new pedestrian and cycle crossing in Aberdeen is to open next month after months of delays.
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester terror attack, which claimed the lives of 22 people at the Ariana Grande concert.
Plans to build a garden bridge across the River Thames in south-east London will go ahead after a deal was struck to cut London taxpayers' contribution to the project by two thirds.
A collection of sculptures by the late Dame Zaha Hadid have gone on show at the Chatsworth Flower Show.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for planning to carry out a "mass murder" attack on a concert in Hyde Park or an Elton John concert.
2016 has been a year of tributes to Northern Ireland's musical legends.
On the day that Nicholas Serota announced he was stepping down as director of Tate Modern, he sent out a letter to staff and members of the public laying out his reasons for stepping down.
The transfer window closed in England and Scotland on 1 July after the end of the Premier League season.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to charge for parking in the area around the Royal Berkshire Hospital.
Prime Minister John Key has told the BBC's Asia Business Report he is hopeful that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal will be signed this week.
Sister Nirmala Devi Sri Sri Devi, the former head of the Kolkata (Calcutta) home of Mother Teresa, has died at the age of 92, reports say.
Women's Super League One side Durham City Ladies have signed Sunderland goalkeeper Rachel Laws on a season-long loan deal.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he has not called for a "veto" over Brexit talks between the UK and the European Union.
The Co-operative Bank has said it has reached an agreement with a group of potential new investors on a £1.1bn rescue plan.
When we met Andreas Popal, one of Afghanistan's best-known businessmen, we were struck by how little respect he had for the country's public service.
The main railway line between Oxford and Didcot has reopened after being closed due to flooding earlier this year.
A hairy-looking dog called Fester is to be reunited with his new owners after an appeal to find him a new home.
A Christmas letter written by John Lennon as a child is to be sold at auction next month.
David Cameron's tough talking to other EU leaders on benefits for EU citizens is just the latest sign that the Conservative Party is in danger of breaking up again.
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled at Lincoln Castle to mark the 800th anniversary of its sealing.
Former Scotland midfielder Danny Wilson has backed Darren Fletcher to captain the national team in Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland.
A rescue boat has arrived on the Greek island of Lesbos where it will be used to try to help in the fight against the migrant crisis.
Police in the US state of Missouri have used tear gas to disperse crowds protesting against the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager, hours after a curfew was imposed.
Brazil is one of the world's largest producers of timber and the largest exporter of wood from the Amazon rainforest.
Ex-Ulster coach Alan Solomons says South African sides will face a "brutal" start to life in the Pro12 should they join the competition next season.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has announced the nationalisation of the country's biggest electricity supplier, Transportadora de Electricidad (TDE).
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC and Taco Bell, has reported better-than-expected sales growth in China, as it continues to spin off its China business.
A public meeting is to be held over plans to demolish part of Woking's Sheerwater estate in a bid to regenerate the area.
Workers have been evacuated from a North Sea oil platform after a fire broke out on board a drilling rig.
Residents in Ferguson, Missouri, have elected a black woman as their first black council member in more than a decade.
Delegates at the Trades Union Congress have backed calls for co-ordinated action against the government's planned spending cuts.
Lee Clark has signed a two-and-a-half-year deal to take charge of Kilmarnock until the end of the season.
Bradley Wiggins became the first British rider to win the men's road world time trial title with victory at the Road World Championships.
I've just returned from a two-week holiday in South-East Asia and I've come back full of awe at what's going on there.
Australian police have charged two men suspected of plotting to carry out a terror attack in Sydney, in the country's biggest counter-terrorism operation in months.
A former council leader has said he "take some responsibility" for a £10.25m loan to a football club which has never been paid back.
Young people born in the early 1980s are the poorest in their age group, according to a new report.
A collection of Star Wars characters have been photographed in the Firth of Forth in Shetland.
Ray Moore, the chief executive of the BNP Paribas Open tennis tournament at Indian Wells, has resigned after making controversial comments about women's tennis.
Richard Cockerill has left his role as director of rugby at Leicester Tigers by mutual consent.
A New York court has ruled that former JP Morgan Chase co-founder Hank Greenberg can go on trial next month on charges of defrauding investors out of $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn).
Marcus Trescothick hit a double century for Somerset before Nottinghamshire fought back to take the upper hand on day two at Trent Bridge.
The owners of a Newport turkey processing company have been jailed for selling "unhygienic" frozen turkeys.
A police officer who saved a man from falling off a fire escape has been awarded an award for his bravery.
Volkswagen has said it is "hopeful" that it will soon have a fix for the emissions-rigging scandal that has affected up to 11 million of its cars in the US.
Ollie Norburn scored his first goal of the season as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Chester in the National League.
Sri Lanka has launched an investigation into allegations of match-fixing ahead of a one-day international against England in October.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has taken up smoking again after winning the Masters for the second time in three years and equalling the record for most Masters titles.
Sky Sports has announced its first Friday night Premier League match of the 2017-18 season will be shown live on BBC One.
Talks aimed at forming a minority government in the Republic of Ireland are due to begin in Dublin later.
Queens Park Rangers striker Scott Mackie has signed a new two-and-a-half-year deal with the Championship club.
A rare albino deer has been born at a zoo in the US state of Oregon in America.
A British family of 12 from Luton who went missing in Syria may have crossed the border from Turkey into the country, the BBC understands.
Cardiff Bay Council (CBC) has drawn up plans for Cardiff Bay's first gondola service.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost an appeal against a High Court ruling that it should produce documents relating to an attempted murder case.
US President Donald Trump has said former President Barack Obama "choked" when it came to dealing with Russia's alleged interference in the US election.
Basingstoke Town FC has apologised after residents complained of a "horrible scraping noise" coming from the club's stadium.
Gunmen have attacked the offices of two newspapers in the Turkish city of Istanbul, leaving one of them badly damaged and the other on fire.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital.
A blogger who was facing a £190,000 legal bill after a council's chief executive sued her for libel has had her case against her dropped.
Police in Hong Kong are investigating the theft of money and watches from a passenger on a flight from Dubai to Hong Kong.
France's next president will have to "reform in depth" the European Union if he fails to end the "dysfunctional" EU, one of the candidates in the country's presidential election has said.
The UK's Supreme Court has ruled in favour of a man who has been trying to stay in the UK after being deported to Jamaica.
A former City banker who avoided paying the full cost of a London-bound train fare by boarding at a rural station without paying has been banned from working.
Four former UK foreign secretaries have urged David Cameron to raise the plight of Russian businessmen when he visits Moscow on Sunday.
Jake Cassidy scored his first goal of the season as Hartlepool started their National League campaign with a draw at Macclesfield.
Iran will not decommission its Arak heavy-water nuclear reactor until the end of the year, the country's deputy nuclear minister has said.
As the centenary of the death of Private John Parr - the first British soldier to die in World War One - is marked on the 100th anniversary of his death, BBC News takes a look back at what life was like for his family before the outbreak of war.
David Haye says he is willing to pay a fine for comments he made after Tony Bellew beat him in their heavyweight title fight in London last month.
The battle to save British Home Stores (BHS) from the brink of liquidation has gone on for months.
South African police have used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse hundreds of striking metalworkers in Johannesburg.
A US-British passenger who fought off a gunman on a train travelling from Amsterdam to Paris has been awarded France's highest honour for bravery.
A Borders town is to close a major road for a year as part of a £14m flood protection scheme.
Plans to create a Solent combined authority are "almost certainly dead", Hampshire council leaders have said.
Middlesbrough midfielder Marten de Roon has signed a new four-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further 12 months.
The funeral train that carried Winston Churchill's coffin has been restored after being taken out of the museum where it is on display.
One of London's leading GP practices has told the BBC it has had its busiest week of the year so far.
Ikea has issued a global recall of a beach chair after reports of users being injured after incorrectly re-assembling it.
Banks in India are marking the fingers of millions of people who have held high-denomination bank notes for more than a year to stop them being exchanged for smaller currency notes.
Holly Chastain, the 1999 Women's World Cup winner, is donating her brain to research into the effects of head injuries suffered by female athletes.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into her home in Fairlie, North Ayrshire.
Tributes are pouring in from around the world for Australian cricketer Phil Hughes, who has died after being hit by a ball while playing for Sydney Scorchers.
Shelley Aluko rescued a point for Hull City as they held struggling Nottingham Forest to a draw at the KCOM Stadium.
Scientists say they have made a significant step forward in the search for a cure for type 1 diabetes.
Jordan Ayew has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association after he was involved in an altercation with fans during Aston Villa's 2-2 draw with Watford.
Hibernian captain Lewie Stevenson believes the club have the potential to compete at the top end of the Premiership next season.
Women's Super League One champions Chelsea Ladies have signed Sweden goalkeeper Anna Lindahl on a one-year contract extension.
The Afghan girl pictured on the cover of National Geographic magazine is among thousands of Afghan refugees facing deportation from Pakistan after the authorities refused to release her on bail.
In the 19th and 20th centuries inventors were often found working in their own garages and on their own computers.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Oxfordshire County Council has launched a public consultation on plans to improve the A40 between Oxford and Witney.
Newcastle United have signed defender Daryl Janmaat from Dutch club Feyenoord on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Concerns are growing for a 13-year-old girl who has been missing from her Greater Manchester home for more than a week, police have said.
A three-year-old girl has been found safe and well after going missing, police have said.
A vicar has said the Church of England is "homophobic and has policies and attitudes towards the LGBTI community which are harmful".
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty as he prepares to make his Scotland debut in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Aberdeen captain Ryan Shinnie has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Belfast Giants moved within two points of Elite League leaders Nottingham Panthers by beating the Panthers 4-2 in the first of two games between the sides on Friday night.
Hassan Hassan is used to saving the lives of people on the streets of Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, but his new job as a lifeguard at the city's Lido beach is proving to be just what he needs.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare in the Republic of Ireland has been made a saint.
An exhibition of Henri Matisse's cut-out artworks at the Tate Modern has been praised by critics, with one describing it as "a feast for the eyes".
A man accused of killing his baby son by shaking or throwing him has gone on trial accused of murdering him.
A former Leeds United employee has told a tribunal she was suspended because of her relationship with a coach she was in a relationship with, a tribunal has heard.
Elton John has apologised to a female steward who he called "Hitler-like" during a concert in Gloucestershire.
Sam Allardyce has stepped down as Crystal Palace manager after a season in charge of the Premier League's bottom club.
Union representatives have said it is "absurd" Ceredigion Council is planning to close the only residential home for the elderly in the county.
The US space agency's (Nasa) Juno probe has returned a stunning new view of Jupiter.
"There is no such thing as a straight line between good data and bad data."
A Wigan-based biscuit maker has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The firm behind a Pembrokeshire-based bike-maker's failed Kickstarter project has published a new update on how the £2.3m it raised has been allocated.
Malaysian police say they believe members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group were involved in a knife attack on a restaurant in Malaysia last month.
As the race for the next United Nations secretary-general enters its final stages, the focus is turning to Eastern Europe.
Italian and Norwegian police have arrested 13 people suspected of being part of a Kurdish-Kurdish jihadist network, as part of an EU anti-terrorism operation.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) serviceman who had his medals stolen from his car has said he was "surprised" when they were returned safe and well.
Award-winning author Jim Crace is among the British authors nominated for this year's Dublin international book of the year award for his novel A Brief History of Seven Killings.
The future of a Leicestershire museum has been thrown into doubt after the county council pulled out of a funding bid to improve it.
Theo Walcott's late equaliser rescued a point for Arsenal as Manchester United finished fourth in the Premier League with a goalless draw at Emirates Stadium.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed their inexperience in sub-continent conditions in their innings-and-96-run defeat by Bangladesh in the second Test in Chittagong.
Thirty years ago this week, the Zeebrugge ferry sank off the Belgian island of Kos in the English Channel.
Volunteers in Northern Ireland are working hard to save the lives of hundreds of young bats that have been left stranded in their own homes because of bad weather.
A man has been stabbed on a train at a London Underground station in what police are treating as a possible hate crime.
The UK has voted to leave in the EU referendum, meaning that Scotland will remain part of the European Union and the rest of the UK will leave.
Three pupils at Dumfries and Galloway High School have been expelled after the discovery of a small amount of cannabis on school property.
Queens Park Rangers made a winning start to life in the Championship with victory over Leeds United at Loftus Road.
Five men have appeared in court accused of using a police helicopter for "inappropriate filming".
Microsoft has shown off its new Xbox SmartGlass app for smartphones and tablets that can be connected to the Xbox One console.
The new Scottish Premiership season begins this weekend, with Glasgow clubs hoping to build on last season's success.
Passengers were diverted to Stansted Airport after a drone was spotted flying near to Gatwick Airport.
Bahrain has released prominent human rights lawyer Nabeel Rajab, who had been jailed for more than two years for "insulting the interior ministry".
Rangers came from behind to beat Aberdeen and end the Dons' slim hopes of finishing second in the Premiership title race.
A £1.2bn contract to provide cancer care in Staffordshire could be awarded to a private company, the BBC understands.
A memorial to Jersey's war dead has been unveiled in France to mark the centenary of the island's role in World War One.
Exeter Chiefs moved up to second in the Premiership table thanks to a hard-fought victory over Sale Sharks at Sandy Park.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered an independent review into alleged abuse and neglect at care homes in south Wales.
Burkina Faso missed out on a place in the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals after losing to Congo Brazzaville in the last 16.
A leading Indian writer-activist has been arrested for allegedly posting on Facebook that the national anthem is "insulting" the country's flag.
Two passenger planes have collided in mid-air at an airport in the US state of Michigan, forcing the evacuation of 150 people on board.
Unemployment in Scotland rose by 15,000 between April and June, according to the latest official figures.
A snow artist has been offered a full-time job after winning a competition to create a falling snow effect for film and TV.
The number of psychiatric patients being discharged from hospital and cared for at home in England has halved in the last three years, according to new figures.
The family of a girl with a rare genetic condition have welcomed news that a new drug will soon be available on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell have told the Scottish Professional Football League that Saturday's Premiership match against Aberdeen will go ahead after the majority of the first team squad returned to training on Friday.
Phyllis Schlafly, one of the founding mothers of the US conservative movement, has died at the age of 91.
A plumbing and heating company has been fined £10,000 for failing to carry out safety checks on homes in a Dorset housing development.
The University of Groningen is one of the most English-speaking universities in the Netherlands.
The Ulster-Scots language was granted official status in the Treaty of Rome in the year of the Battle of the Somme.
A California woman who went missing last month has been found safe and well, police say.
The New York City Council has passed a bill to limit the role of street performers in Times Square, New York's busiest shopping area.
A man with learning disabilities who was evicted from a mental health unit has gone on hunger strike in his new home, the BBC has learned.
Pregnant women are not being offered enough information about the risks and benefits of using a blood test to assess the risk of having a baby with Down's syndrome, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed Coleraine striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
An action plan to encourage people to take up walking and cycling has been published by the Welsh government.
There are certain groups of people you just do not cross in politics.
Thousands of competitors have taken part in this year's Snowdon Mountain Bike Race in Gwynedd.
MP Sir Kevin Connolly has said he may have breached the House of Commons' code of conduct over his use of parliamentary facilities.
China's Weibo, the country's most popular micro-blogging platform, has seen strong demand for its shares on the US stock market on its first day of trading.
The Great Britain Wheelchair Basketball team are back in action!
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with an attempted murder on a Glasgow bus.
North Korea has threatened to fire a ballistic missile at the US territory of Guam, in response to President Donald Trump's warning to Pyongyang to expect "big, big trouble".
A British diver has said he was "absolutely elated" after Maltese prosecutors dropped charges against him in connection with the deaths of two British divers.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Tuesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P hitting record highs for the second day in a row.
Ukrainian authorities in the eastern city of Zaporizhya have begun a campaign to remove communist-era monuments from the town's streets.
Rory McIlroy says he will not be satisfied if he fails to beat Tiger Woods in Friday's Friday morning fourballs at Hazeltine.
Four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station.
Online retailer Amazon has been accused of trying to cut its UK tax bills by shifting some of its profits overseas.
As Europe's migrant crisis deepens, survivors of the worst shipwrecks of the crisis are struggling to come to terms with the loss of loved ones.
It is the story of a man who was once the poster boy for the world's biggest drug cheats, who is now the face of the sport's comeback.
A Northampton MP is to stand down at the next year's general election amid a continuing row over a £10m loan scandal.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust has said it has yet to receive any information from the new owners of the Premier League club.
A man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a 15-year-old schoolgirl in a two-car crash in Gwynedd.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has no doubts about his team's patriotism despite Gareth Bale's criticism of the national side.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said he will not give Ed Miliband advice on how to deal with a row between the party and the Unite union over candidate selection.
Theresa May has described European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker as a "bloody difficult woman" in an interview with the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg.
Raith Rovers have confirmed the signing of midfielder Scott Martin on a season-long loan from Scottish League One rivals Livingston.
The Circuit of Wales could not have created 6,000 jobs if it had been built in Wales, according to one of the owners of 17 British motor racing circuits.
Southampton council has announced plans to cut hundreds of jobs and services in a bid to save Â£30m over the next three years.
Kilmarnock moved into the Scottish League Two promotion play-off places with a 1-0 win at Forthbank Stadium.
Ipswich Town have signed Wales Under-21 midfielder Ryan James on a season-long loan from Premier League side Newcastle United.
A man and a woman who were found dead at a house in West Yorkshire have been named by police.
Hull City captain Andy Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a calf injury.
The family of a schoolgirl who was raped and murdered by a convicted murderer have said they remain "stunned" by the "devastation" of her death.
At least 20 civilians have been killed in an attack on a village in eastern Afghanistan, officials say, in what officials have described as a war crime.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 17-year-old was stabbed to death in an east London street.
Rolf Harris has gone from an icon to a pariah in the blink of an Australian eye.
The boss of PSA Group, the owner of Peugeot and Citroen, is to meet Prime Minister Theresa May to discuss a potential deal to buy Vauxhall.
A Scottish salmon producer has reported a loss for the three months to the end of September after being hit by a "challenging" season.
Northern Ireland's former enterprise minister has said he will investigate claims about the value of a multi-million pound property deal signed by Invest NI 10 years ago.
Scientists in the US say they have identified chemicals from sweetgrass as a potential new insect repellent.
A jury has failed to reach a verdict in the trial of a couple accused of performing a sex act in front of a 16-year-old girl at a concert.
Google has taken Facebook to court over the use of the word "litter" in an attempt to force it to change its name.
Anglian Water has said it has found "ind harmless organisms" in water supplies in a town in Cambridgeshire.
Tech Tent is back this week with a look at virtual reality, the rise of video games online and artificial intelligence.
England completed a five-wicket victory over Pakistan in the second Test in Southampton to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
At the Japan Society of Northern Ireland it's easy to see why it's so popular with people from Japan.
David Cameron has said a UN resolution on Syria's chemical weapons could be tabled as soon as next week, after Russia said it was ready to negotiate a deal with Damascus to eliminate its stockpiles.
Former Attorney General Lord Ashcroft is recovering in the US after being admitted to hospital following the publication of a book about David Cameron's Oxford University days.
The fall of Sangin district in southern Afghanistan's Helmand province to the Taliban is a major blow to the Afghan government's hopes of regaining control of the district.
Residents living near an Essex prison have been warned to lock their doors and lock their windows after packages were thrown over its walls.
The names of the first women to be ordained as priests in Wales will be unveiled at a series of special services in January.
Councillors are being asked to give their views on the cost of building a new visitor centre in Hawick.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said the Ulster Unionist Party has offered the justice minister's post to the Alliance Party.
The search for the bodies of missing coastguard crew members Paul Ormsby, Mark Duffy and Ciarán Smith has resumed in the Republic of Ireland.
The Chinese authorities have released footage of the country's biggest ever dragon-themed parade, which has taken place in China.
The first all-amputee team to row across the Atlantic have completed the Talisker Challenge.
The first tidal turbines in the world to generate electricity from the sea off Shetland have been fully operational.
Carlisle United have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Brandon Comley on a month's loan.
Two Polish men who claim to have found evidence of a Nazi train buried in the ground near a Polish city have said they are "99% sure" it is there.
Bradford City have offered new contracts to six players, including midfielder Chris Darby, who has left the League One club.
New Tate director Sian Balshaw is quick to set out her vision for the museum.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has said it is investigating the alleged hacking of a personal email account belonging to its director, John Brennan.
I'm watching a team of robots play their first match in the RoboCup - the UK's version of the Fifa World Cup.
A US woman has been raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, in what police say is the country's first such attack on a foreign tourist.
Abby Wambach, one of the world's best-known women's footballers, has been charged with driving under the influence of drugs.
Spain's Alberto Contador won the opening stage of the Criterium du Dauphine by 13 seconds from Chris Froome.
The UK's education system is the most expensive in the OECD countries, with teachers' pay the lowest, according to a new report.
Relatives of four men killed by British soldiers in Malaysia more than 70 years ago have lost a legal bid to force the UK government to hold a public inquiry into the killings.
West Ham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Kristoffer Nordtveit for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have said they will return to Scotland after a concert in Glasgow was cancelled because of safety concerns due to heavy rain.
Schools in England are failing to provide fair access to places for children, says England's chief schools adjudicator.
Tottenham stretched their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points after coming from behind to beat Swansea City at White Hart Lane.
Captain Scott Brown has urged Celtic to "get back to winning ways" after they were booed off the pitch at Hampden following their last-minute equaliser.
Paris St-Germain have signed Real Madrid forward Jese Rodriguez on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
What do you read on the front pages of the Belfast Telegraph, Northern Ireland Mirror and News Letter today?
Russia has begun a series of military exercises in the south-east of the country, as it continues its air force training mission in Syria.
A paramedic who posted "derogatory and derogatory" comments on a Stafford Hospital staff Facebook page has been struck off.
Israel's navy has boarded a Gaza-bound flotilla of Tunisian and Tunisian activists trying to break the blockade of the Palestinian territory, the military says.
Scotland's main political parties have been campaigning across the country ahead of the 7 May general election.
A new fund to pay out compensation to victims of asbestos-related cancer, known as mesothelioma, has been launched by the government.
Blackburn Rovers ended their three-game losing streak as they came from behind to draw with Bristol City at Ewood Park.
Former Shrewsbury Town and MK Dons striker Chris Barnett has signed a new one-year deal with the League Two club.
South Sudan's former vice-president Riek Machar has said he will return to the war-torn country, after months of self-imposed exile.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell by 0.1% to close at 6,959, a new record low.
A man has died after he was restrained by police officers who tried to save his life, it has emerged.
Professor Richard Dawkins has congratulated people in Wales for coming out ahead of the rest of the UK following the 2011 census figures on religion.
Raymond Aubrac, one of the last survivors of the French Resistance during World War Two, has died at the age of 97.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of committing acts of homosexuality, police say.
Wigan Warriors returned to the top of the Super League table for the first time this season with victory over Leeds Rhinos at Magic Weekend.
It's not every day you come across a manager who has been in charge of a football club for more than a decade.
Scottish councils are ready to take in Syrian refugees, according to the Scottish Council for Local Government Associations (Cosla).
Graeme Shinnie's late strike gave Aberdeen victory over Apollon Limassol in the Europa League play-off semi-final first leg to take a big step towards reaching the last 16.
A Canadian police helicopter has come under fire after its pilots were overheard having an obscene conversation in the cockpit.
A teenager has been jailed for life for murdering a friend in a street fight in north-east London.
Defending champion Andy Murray reached the last 16 of Wimbledon with a tense victory over Italy's Fabio Fognini in a three-set thriller on Centre Court.
A Russian man has been arrested in connection with a bomb attack on the Borussia Dortmund football team's bus near the team's team hotel in the German city of Dortmund last month.
The family of a black man who died after being tackled by police have appealed for calm at a vigil in memory of him.
Gillingham have appointed Paul Taylor as their new head of football operations following the departure of Paul Pennock as manager.
Police in India have dropped charges of sedition against 11 Muslim men accused of shouting anti-India slogans during the World Twenty20 cricket match between India and Pakistan last month.
Israel's defence minister has accused Turkey of selling oil to Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq and urged Turkey to cut ties with the jihadist group.
The US government has said it will not allow protesters in North Dakota to cross a key section of Lake Oahe in a dispute over the Dakota Access oil pipeline.
An alpaca that was badly injured in a dog attack in New Forest has died, its owner has said.
A prison officer who was injured in a dissident republican bomb attack has died, the Northern Ireland Prison Service has said.
A man has told a murder trial he was "shocked" when he saw a man lying on the ground in a "bad way" outside a bar in Inverurie.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says England interim boss Gareth Southgate has a "good opportunity" to prove his suitability for the permanent manager's job.
Aberdeen have won an appeal against the red card shown to Ryan Hayes in Sunday's 1-1 draw with Celtic.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised for referring to a fire in east London as a "hipster-related" blaze.
Two murderers have admitted attacking a man with an axe and knife at a Christmas party attended by the victim's sister.
Gloucester City Football Club have announced plans to build a new stadium in Sudmeadow, Gloucestershire.
South Wales Police is investigating claims by Britain First that members of the group gained access to a mosque in Cardiff.
The Iraqi city of Mosul has become the first city in the world to get a 3D view of artefacts lost in the fighting that followed the fall of the Iraqi city in 2014.
Heavy drinking is the leading cause of death in Wales, according to a new report.
The remains of a ship that sank in the Goodwin Sands more than 250 years ago are to be explored for the first time.
As West Ham prepare to move out of Upton Park for the first time in their history, BBC Radio London takes a look at what life will be like without the club.
Shrien Dewani, who has been extradited from the UK to face the murder of his wife in South Africa, has arrived at Heathrow Airport.
Thousands of terminally-ill people in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland are not getting the care they need, according to a new report.
South Africa wrapped up the series against England with an innings-and-96-run win on the final day of the final Test to seal a 2-0 series whitewash.
A US-based radio telescope has made the most detailed maps yet of what's going on in Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina's education minister has published his personal mobile phone number in a bid to raise the image of teachers and has proposed tougher penalties for attacks on them.
Australian golfer Scott Allenby is recovering in hospital after being robbed at knifepoint at gunpoint in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Aberdeen face a "a big test" when they take on Hibernian in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden, according to former Dons captain John Miller.
One of Osama Bin Laden's former bodyguards, Abdul Hamid Bahri, has died, Yemeni officials say.
The Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has erupted for the second time in a week, sending a huge plume of smoke and ash into the sky and forcing thousands of people to leave their homes.
The Republican Party in North Carolina has chosen an establishment candidate to succeed Democratic Senator Kay Hagan, who is seeking re-election.
A college bought season tickets for Manchester United fans to watch the team play in the Champions League, the BBC has learned.
Up to 40% of North Wales Police's budget could be cut within the next five years, the force's chief constable has warned.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on the photo-sharing social media site Instagram in which he threatens to kill Russian opposition leader Sergei Kasyanov.
The Belfast Giants ended a three-game losing streak in the Elite League with a 1-1 draw against the Belfast Giants at the SSE Arena.
Novaya Gazeta, the Russian opposition newspaper, says it has received threats of "retribution" from Muslim clerics in Chechnya after it reported that gay men were being persecuted in the republic.
Harrison Ford has said he has always wanted to return to the role of Indiana Jones in a sequel to Raiders of the Lost Ark.
England's James Anderson has become the most successful bowler in one-day international history after taking his 200th wicket of the season against West Indies.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close 100 branches across the UK by the end of the year, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's HIV business in a deal worth $1.1bn (Â£890m) in cash and stock.
A poster of the Battle of the Somme has sold at auction in Conwy county for £1,000.
The FA Cup has reached the fifth round for the first time in the competition's 107-year history.
Thirteen years as justice minister in the Republic of Ireland has not been an easy ride for Justice Minister Alan Shatter.
Northampton Town have terminated the contract of defender Gabriel Braithwaite by mutual consent after he left the League Two club to return to his native DR Congo.
An advert for a gym's Fit4Less fitness campaign has caused a row after it was branded "offensive" by a bullying charity.
Scientists have made a "significant breakthrough" in understanding why some breast cancers spread to the bone, a study has suggested.
Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel Obi has been cleared of racially abusing referee Mark Clattenburg, the Football Association has announced.
Valencia missed the chance to reach the Copa del Rey final as they were held to a draw by Barcelona in the second leg of their semi-final.
The Legend of the Monkey is returning to TV screens in Australia and New Zealand, but will it live up to the expectations of its Chinese fans?
Two original cine reel images from Walt Disney's most famous film have been sold at auction for £10,000.
Police in Australia have used social media to try to track down a man wanted in connection with a series of crimes after he responded to an arrest warrant by posting a mugshot.
Anthony Joshua will not fight Wladimir Klitschko if the WBA and WBO heavyweight titles are not made available, says promoter Eddie Hearn.
A lollipop lady who was hit by a car outside a Bedfordshire school has gone on trial accused of being blinded by the sun.
Amnesty International (AI) has accused Qatar of failing to take "urgent action" to end "forced labour and exploitation" in the country ahead of the 2018 World Cup.
Canal enthusiasts have been given the chance to explore parts of Scotland's canals using a Google Street View camera.
Lenovo has said it is investigating claims that it has been secretly installing adware on customers' computers, the BBC has learned.
Pop star Taylor Swift has won album of the year at the Grammys for her latest record, Reputation.
Germany's economy grew at its fastest pace in three years in 2016, according to official figures.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in West Lothian.
Police in Milan have arrested four teenagers suspected of carrying out a series of armed robberies in the Italian capital in the style of the 1970s film A Clockwork Orange.
The pilot of a Turkish military jet that crashed near the Syrian border has been found dead, Turkish media report.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will challenge the presidential election result in the Supreme Court.
Rachel Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales women beat Kazakhstan 3-0 in their Euro 2017 qualifier in Pembrokeshire.
Playboy magazine has announced that it is to stop showing naked women in its pages.
Felix Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a hard-fought victory over Belfast's Matt Macklin at London's O2 Arena.
Jayaram Jayalalitha, one of India's most colourful and controversial politicians, has died at the age of 69.
Lancashire's Police and Crime Commissioner has warned the county could become a "blue light" force due to budget cuts of up to Â£24.8m.
Hong Kong's yellow crested cockatoo has become self-sustaining as a separate population after being released into the wild, a study has found.
Libya's defence minister has said he will continue in his job despite the prime minister asking him to resign.
Venezuelan acting President Nicolas Maduro has said he will take up a small office in the room where President Hugo Chavez was born.
EastEnders fans are gearing up for the big reveal of who killed Lucy Beale.
Chesterfield midfielder Sylvain Gnanduillet has signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract with the League One club, with the option of a further year.
Leicester City are close to signing N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain, reports BBC Radio Leicester.
The liver can be regenerated using stem cells from the biliary duct, according to new research.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom could fine mobile networks up to £20,000 a day if they fail to hit agreed service targets, the government has proposed.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a taxi in Edinburgh.
The 60th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Mauthausen in northern Germany is being marked this week with a ceremony to commemorate the Spanish deportees of the 1940s and 50s who died at the hands of the Nazis.
A Kent council has been accused of a "major administrative cock-up" after failing to submit an insurance claim for £5.1m.
Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to seven points by beating Queen's Park.
A 70-year-old man has been reunited with his former bandmates from the 1970s and 1980s after he was asked to rejoin them for a one-off gig.
Modern humans began interbreeding with Neanderthals much earlier than previously thought, a study of a 45,000-year-old fossil suggests.
Leading Syrian opposition figures have met in the capital, Damascus, for the first time since the uprising began in March.
Spanish police used baton charges to disperse Leicester City fans who had gathered in a central square in Madrid after Tuesday's Premier League match between the Foxes and Real Madrid.
Some schools are "gaming" the GCSE qualification system, the Welsh Government's chief inspector of schools has said.
Two 15-year-old girls in the US state of Wisconsin have pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of a girl who was stabbed by them in the woods in an apparent act of devotion to the fictional Slender Man.
One of the Chibok schoolgirls who was kidnapped in Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state in 2014 has been found safe and well, officials say.
A man has died after suffering a suspected chemical poisoning at a south-east London home.
Troubled Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection for its US nuclear business, Westinghouse.
For a time in the 1970s, Earth Wind & Fire were considered one of the most influential soul and funk groups of their generation.
The thing about The Apprentice is that it's not all about the glory of winning.
Geordie Shore star Nathan Gill has told Newsbeat he was "nervous" before going into the house for the new series of the MTV show.
The West Midlands is to get trams for the first time in more than 60 years, it has been announced.
Red Bull say they will not interfere in the battle between Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo for the Formula 1 world title.
It's been more than a year since the devastating earthquake that hit Nepal in South East Asia.
Former Celtic and Chelsea footballer Abdulrahman Feruz has absconded from court after failing to appear in court in Glasgow.
Doctors treating a US student who is in a coma after being released from North Korea have said his condition is not as bad as North Korea has claimed.
Alastair Cook made his first Test century of the season as England drew with St Kitts & Nevis in their final warm-up match before next month's series against West Indies.
Josh Evans won the WBO lightweight title for the first time in his career with a unanimous points victory over Jamie Ormond at London's O2 Arena.
A protest has taken place outside the Welsh Language Council in Llandudno, Conwy county.
The head of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), Mark Thompson, has told the Commons Public Accounts Committee that he would "want to review" the way footballers are taxed.
Nottinghamshire seam bowler Dan Gurney says he is optimistic about the future at Trent Bridge despite the club's relegation from Division Two of the County Championship.
Mebyon Kernow Conservative Party will not be standing in the general election on 8 June, it has announced.
Two women have been taken to hospital after being rescued from a fire at a house in Bournemouth.
The funeral of rugby league player Adam Jones, who died after collapsing on the pitch during a match, has taken place.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people in the face of a wave of student protests against his labour market reforms.
Tributes are pouring in from around the world for British MP Jo Cox, who has been killed in an assassination attempt.
Renters in Wales will get an extra £1.5m from the Welsh Government to help them buy and rent their own home.
Chelsea were knocked out of the Champions League at the group stage as they were held to a goalless draw by Porto.
Monty Python star Michael Palin is to receive a fellowship from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (Bafta) later.
Prince Charles urged Tony Blair to consider culling badgers, newly released letters reveal.
A man in his 40s has died after his car left the M1 motorway and hit a tree in County Armagh.
Russia's Sergey Karjakin has lost to Norway's Magnus Carlsen in the World Chess Championship final in what has been described as the "match of the century".
A former adviser to former Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has resigned from the House of Lords to campaign as a "non-party social democrat".
A man has been airlifted to hospital after a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
A group of baby otters are being cared for in an intensive care unit at Bristol Children's Hospital.
The National Resources Wales (NRW) has been accused of breaching EU state aid rules by the auditor general over a timber deal with a sawmill operator.
Alexandra Palace is to get a £26.7m makeover, with the help of the Heritage Lottery Fund, the trust running it has announced.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy at McDiarmid Park despite speculation linking him with a move away from the club.
Donald Trump has accused Hillary Clinton of being "the most sexually abusive woman in the history of politics".
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left frustrated after his side conceded a late free-kick to concede a late equaliser in the 3-3 draw with Hibernian.
People have been warned not to eat shellfish from parts of Argyll and Bute after bacteria levels were found to be above the legal limit for harvest.
Carlisle United have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Mike Jones on a one-year deal.
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton has had his Football Association ban for breaching betting rules extended by six months.
The son of nightclub tycoon David West has been jailed for eight years for the manslaughter of his father.
A Chinese man's decision to open a retirement home for retired police dogs has gone viral, with thousands of people praising him on social media.
The husband of a woman who died after giving birth to a stillborn baby has told a midwife she had been ill for months before she died, a misconduct hearing has heard.
Wales has seen a sudden increase in the number of leatherback turtles being spotted off the coast of the UK, conservationists have said.
An American Airlines flight bound for Miami caught fire shortly after take-off at Chicago's O'Hare airport, forcing the plane to make an emergency landing.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he gave his finance minister personal instructions to set up a team to deal with an emergency in the event of a Greek financial crisis.
London Underground is to close 250 Tube stations by the end of the year as part of plans to reduce the number of ticket offices on the network.
A man has been charged in connection with a racially aggravated assault on a Muslim woman in Buckinghamshire.
Germany's Thomas Jung remains on course to win the Badminton Horse Trials for the first time after leading Great Britain's Emily King fell in the penultimate round.
The horror of the Paris attacks, the horror of Jihadi John's beheading of a British aid worker and the dark side of the internet.
A former top aide to Pope Francis has donated €200,000 (Â£150,000; $250,000) to a children's hospital in Rome after a scandal over the use of a top-floor apartment at the Vatican.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy are back in the big screen.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ruled that the trial of two high school students accused of raping a teenage girl will be held in public view.
Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan are the frontrunners in Nigeria's presidential and parliamentary elections on 7 May.
Essex director of cricket Dougie Silverwood says winning the County Championship title this season would be the "holy grail" of his side's first season back in Division One.
As the dust settles on the EU referendum campaign, one thing is clear - there will be no quick fix for the British people.
The RSPCA has appealed for information after a corn snake was found in the back of a van in Newport.
Newport County manager John Sheridan's first game in charge of the League Two strugglers ended in defeat as Luke John-Lewis' goal gave Exeter City victory at Rodney Parade.
Exeter City ended a run of three straight League Two defeats as they thumped 10-man Crewe Alexandra at St James' Park.
Polish film director Jerzy Wajda has died at the age of 88, his family has announced.
The Independent has said it is investigating claims that a blog on its website may have hosted malware that could have been used to subvert adverts.
Colombia's Carolina Ibarguen won gold in the women's long jump at the Rio Olympics.
A medieval weir dating back to the 8th Century has been found to be the oldest of its kind in the UK.
"If you want to know how to deal with the United States, learn a lesson: "Don't trust them".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in connection with the London Bridge terror attack, police have said.
A student who found a 7th Century gold pendant in a Norfolk graveyard is to sell it for £1,000 after it was declared treasure.
A Lancashire health trust has been rated "outstanding" after being told to improve its mental health services.
West Brom have no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final against Arsenal.
Eddie Jones' reign as England head coach continued with an emphatic victory over South Africa in the first match of the autumn international series as they ran in three tries in Cape Town.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to find a job for his 73-year-old father.
The number of people diagnosed with asbestos-related cancer in Scotland has reached an all-time high, according to a new report.
Liverpool's mayor has set out his plans to cut £90m from the city's budget over the next three years in a bid to save money.
Liverpool fans will have their say on whether safe standing should be allowed at Anfield, the club's supporters' group has said.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer in the face at Dundee Sheriff Court has been detained for eight months.
Kurtis Rowe scored the only goal of the game as League Two promotion hopefuls Doncaster ended a run of three straight defeats with victory over Colchester.
Johanna Konta became the first British woman to reach a Grand Slam semi-final in 35 years as Andy Murray and Andy Murray both progressed to the Australian Open semi-finals.
Centre-left candidate Emmanuel Macron has formed an alliance with another centrist candidate in next month's French presidential election.
Karen Gillan is to play the title role in the new Jumanji film next year, it has been announced.
Britain's Ellie Toulson won gold in the women's synchronised 10m platform at the European Youth Olympic qualifying event ahead of the World Championships.
A man who admitted possessing and watching child sex abuse images of children has been given a community order to complete a course on sexual offending.
An exhibition to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme has opened at a Pembrokeshire castle.
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued an arrest warrant for a man who posted a selfie of himself on social media to help track him down.
Belgian prosecutors have identified a man who attacked two female police officers with a machete in the Belgian city of Charleroi, injuring one of them.
UBS has been formally placed under investigation in France as part of an investigation into alleged tax evasion and money laundering.
The average cost of renting a home in London is the "most unaffordable in the UK", according to a report by the housing charity Shelter.
The number of vacancies for children's social workers in English councils has risen by more than 1,000% in the last year, according to new figures.
Discount retailer B&M has reported a sharp slowdown in sales growth in the first quarter of the year, but its shares rose 2.8% in morning trading.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has announced it will no longer seek full patent protection for its cancer drugs in the poorest countries.
Northern Ireland's largest health trust has agreed to pay damages of £5.3m to the parents of a child born with a rare birth defect.
It's one of the most talked-about moments of this summer - and it's about to get even more meme-able.
School underachievement in parts of northern England should be a "national concern", Ofsted has said.
An independent review into the use of postal votes in the general election has concluded that the voting system in England and Wales is not fit for purpose.
Actor Joaquin Phoenix has said he does not believe in the idea of winning an Oscar, despite being nominated for a prize for his role in Walk The Line.
A man who killed a man with a single punch after a night out in Edinburgh city centre has admitted culpable homicide.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has urged his players to "get the winning feeling back" and end the Premier League season on a high after a run of three straight defeats.
Great Britain's men's 4x200m freestyle relay team won gold at the World Championships for the first time as the United States missed out on the chance to win the title for the fifth time in a row.
A mechanic has been sacked after a customer was left "open-mouthed" when his car's dashboard camera was turned off during an MOT and service.
Four people have been killed in a bomb attack on a police compound in China's Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a sharp fall in third-quarter profits after paying out £560m to settle claims in the US and other countries.
The premiere of the new film Minions has taken place in Los Angeles, USA.
US President Donald Trump has suggested President Barack Obama is partly to blame for protests at Republican town hall meetings across the country.
Staff at Queen's University in Belfast are less satisfied with the way the university is running itself, according to a new survey.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud after a man conned customers out of £1,000 at a Greater Manchester supermarket.
Prisons in England and Wales are failing to provide adequate mental health support to inmates and staff, according to a new report.
Wales captain Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with the Ospreys is "fantastic news" for Welsh rugby, according to former captain Martyn Williams.
As London marks the start of the Christmas season, we take a look back at some of the highlights of the capital's festive history.
The Killers singer Brandon Flowers talks to the BBC about his new album, The Desired Effect, and why he wants to "take on the world" as a pop star.
The family of a teenager who died of leukaemia after being refused a stem cell transplant have paid tribute to him as he got engaged to his fiancee.
A leading Australian politician is calling for the country to introduce a four-day week, in a bid to cut costs.
British swimmer Jack Burnell has described the decision to disqualify him from the Olympic men's 100m freestyle final as "a joke".
Glamorgan head coach Jacques Rudolph has urged the players to "stand up" and "refocus" after a disappointing start to the County Championship season.
US carmaker Ford has reported better-than-expected profits in North America and Europe, helped by a strong start to the year in Europe.
A man accused of murdering a Metropolitan Police officer and dismembering his body has told a court he had no intention of harming the officer.
Leeds United's managing director David Haigh has resigned from the Championship club's board following claims of financial mismanagement by former owner Massimo Cellino.
A Dumfries and Galloway council is considering raising the council tax to cover a budget shortfall of £580,000.
Spain's Socialist opposition leader has lost a parliamentary vote of confidence in his bid to form a government after failing to win an absolute majority.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says his players will be better for the experience of facing New Zealand.
Two ambulances have been involved in a collision with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Polish Football Minister Robert Pohorecki says he is proud of his country's achievements at Euro 2012, despite criticism of the co-hosting of the tournament with Ukraine.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has defended Alex Salmond's decision to unveil a painting of himself at the National Portrait Gallery on the same day he attended First Minister's Questions on Syria.
A new report has set out the economic and social case for extending the Scottish Borders Railway.
Campaigners have welcomed a decision by Transport Scotland to look at the possibility of extending the railway from Hawick to Carlisle.
In the last few years, we have seen a raft of hi-tech gadgets aimed at the over-65s, such as smartwatches, tablets, laptops and smartphones.
A steam-packet ship which crashed into the pier at Douglas in high winds is to return to the Isle of Man later.
Shane Meadows is to return to the small screen for a new series of This is England '90, the Channel 4 drama about life in the 1980s.
Former Secretary of State Jack Straw has defended a review of the Freedom of Information Act, saying it is "right to review the operation of the act".
Ricky Burns beat Julius Indongo on a unanimous decision to claim the WBO super-welterweight title at the Hydro in Glasgow.
As the sun begins to set over the Mourne mountains in County Down, a group of refugees from war-torn countries in Northern Ireland are helping to preserve the landscape.
A man has appeared in court accused of murdering a man who died in a fire in Fraserburgh in 2014.
Police investigating an attempted armed robbery at an RAF base in Essex have made a second sighting of a man they were looking for.
North Korea has failed to fire a mid-range ballistic missile, South Korean and South Korean officials say.
Holyrood's finance committee has called for "greater transparency" in the Scottish government's budget plans.
The European Space Agency has begun testing its new Earth observation satellite relay system.
Hull FC continued their 100% start to the Super League season with a thumping of Catalans Dragons at the Madejski Stadium.
The next round of consultation on plans to build 1,000 new homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester may not take place until next year, the BBC understands.
Soldiers are complaining about the fit and finish of a new system of body armour and rucksacks being issued to the British Army.
Leicester City have signed Stafford Rangers striker Callum Gordon on loan for the rest of the season.
A troupe of street performers may not return to the same town next year after being attacked by a group of youths who tried to rob them of their hats.
The organisers of a march calling for an independent inquiry into the prosecution of former soldiers accused of involvement in the Troubles have lodged a new application to hold the event in another part of Northern Ireland.
Former Chelsea and Southampton defender Matt Le Saux says it is up to football to "face the demons" of homophobia and give gay players the chance to play in the game.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of an Iron Age settlement in the Dorset Dorset countryside.
A disability employment charity has said it is "desperate" for people with hearing loss to get help in finding work because of a shortage of specialist advice.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he is "happy with the squad he has at his disposal, but is willing to listen to offers for players he does not want.
The Scottish Labour party could raise up to £1.2bn a year in additional tax revenue if it wins the Holyrood election, according to a new report.
The former chief executive of Olympus, Kenji Kikukawa, has pleaded guilty to falsifying accounts at the Japanese camera firm.
A retrial of three Egyptian journalists accused of collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood has been adjourned until next month.
A teenager who was stabbed to death in east London has been named by police.
Saracens lock Alex Kruis has returned to England's training squad for the first time since being cited by the Rugby Football Union for a dangerous tackle.
A suspected outbreak of Dengue fever in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, has led to the death of at least one person and the suspected spread of the disease to other parts of the country.
Plans to build a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given a boost with a grant of almost £9,000.
Nottingham Forest have signed right-back Apostolos Bouchalakis on a permanent deal.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in an air strike in the eastern Syrian province of Deir al-Zour, activists and a monitoring group say.
A Londonderry teacher has been named Northern Ireland's Unsung Hero of the Year as part of BBC Music Day.
A hospital which is struggling to recruit enough nurses to cover a gap of more than a year has launched a recruitment campaign to try to find new staff.
Two Israelis have been killed in a car-ramming attack near the West Bank city of Ramallah, Israel's military has said.
Conor McGregor has promised to knock out Floyd Mayweather in the first round of their super-fight on 26 August.
David Cameron's decision to reveal details of his tax affairs is a significant moment in the history of the way the UK tax system works.
Hundreds of people have turned on a church's floodlights for the first time since they were stolen two years ago.
Seven Iranians have been charged in the US with hacking into US government computer networks and stealing millions of dollars worth of data.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Brighton & Hove Albion's on-loan teenage player Jake Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
Swansea University's oldest building is to get a facelift.
The number of workers signing up to a pension scheme has reached a record high, according to the Pensions Regulator.
A man has admitted starting a fire which destroyed a luxury holiday resort in Devon.
Fleetwood Town have signed Swindon Town striker Ryan Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has said the country is ready to host the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro next year, just 399 days before the opening ceremony.
Pakistan has summoned the US ambassador in protest after a US drone strike in the north-west of the country killed at least 10 people, officials say.
The life of one of Scotland's most famous detectives is being marked 150 years on from the day he was born.
Two nurses who falsified patient records and failed to check blood glucose levels on patients with diabetes have been jailed for wilful neglect.
A judge in Brazil has lifted a temporary ban on the construction of a controversial hydroelectric dam project in the Amazon rainforest in the north of the country.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the number of little terns nesting at a Norfolk site.
A baby pine marten has been captured on camera for the first time in Wales.
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for trying to smuggle cocaine into the UK has arrived back in Scotland.
The Pensions Regulator is to use a panda to highlight the need for more people to sign up to a workplace pension plan.
A man accused of murdering his partner thought about jumping off a cliff, a court has heard.
The Royal Opera House in central London was evacuated after a fire alarm went off during a performance of a Donizetti opera.
Tributes have been paid to Northern Ireland's leading trauma expert, Dr John Hinds, who has died aged 35.
Brendan Foley was the kind of rugby player you'd have to admire.
Ofcom, the UK's telecoms regulator, has released an app to help people check if their wi-fi is working properly.
Graeme McDowell shot a one-under-par 69 to finish in a share of 26th place after the final round of the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links.
Surgeons are trialling 3D bio-printing in a bid to use the technology to reconstruct body parts.
The Pacific islands of Palau are home to some of the world's most remote and sparsely populated islands.
AC Milan came from behind to earn a point at Napoli and deny the Serie A title race's top two sides the chance to go top of the table.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have added songwriters from The Gap Band's hit to their version of a song they co-wrote with Trinidad James, according to reports.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has called for "more understanding and trust" between China and the US, saying it would lead to "disaster" for both countries and the world at large.
A row has broken out between an MP and a councillor over the opening of a Coca-Cola Christmas shop in Leicester.
A police unit that failed to believe a woman who accused a man of raping her was "over-stretched" and "dysfunctional", the police watchdog has said.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar (also known as Burma) after apparently being stabbed to death, his wife has said.
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in the five months of fighting between Israel and Palestinian militants in Gaza, the United Nations says.
As the London 2012 Olympics draw to a close, there are plenty of reasons to be proud of Great Britain's achievements.
The launch of a new telephone system for NHS 24 services in Wales has been delayed until the end of the year.
A murder investigation is under way after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The good news for Greater Manchester - the general election campaign is off and running.
Welsh Water has launched a new savings plan aimed at helping the poorest households in Wales save money on their water bills.
Aston Villa boss Remi Garde is set to make an emergency call-up to the first team, reports BBC Birmingham Sport.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a deal until the end of the season.
The Archbishop of Armagh, Justin Martin, has said the Catholic Church in Ireland should apologise to the families of unwed mothers whose children died at mother-and-baby homes.
One of the men accused of the Hatton Garden raid has gone on trial accused of hiding £14m of stolen goods in the back of a family grave, a court has heard.
Fat is the "biggest no-no" when it comes to fatbergs in London's sewers, according to the Singing Sewermen.
Valve, the company behind Steam, has announced a major changes to the way it handles submissions to its online gaming service.
An Iranian court has sentenced a man to 10 years in prison for spying for the United States and Britain, state media report.
Former celebrity publicist Max Clifford "gyrated around" in his office when a woman was indecently assaulted by him, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests of India's north-eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh.
Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather went head-to-head in a pre-fight sparring match in front of a crowd of tens of thousands of fans.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat during a break-in at his home in South Lanarkshire.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's squad for the 2017-18 bobsleigh World Championships in Canada.
Two men who died in a paint-spraying booth explosion at a former RAF Lyneham base died as a result of carbon monoxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
A Cotswolds cottage that inspired one of the country's best-known writers, John Fowles, is to open to the public for the first time this weekend.
Liverpool reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history as Ben Woodburn equalled Michael Owen's club record as they beat Championship rivals Leeds United at Anfield.
West Ham United have won the right to keep the details of their £2.5m-a-year deal to rent the Olympic Stadium out of the public spotlight, the Information Commissioner's Office has ruled.
The Prince of Wales has said it is "beyond all belief" that Christians are still facing "evil persecution" in the Middle East.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to change the way England's schools are funded, with more money going to schools in deprived areas and less to those in high-cost areas.
When the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond, announced in the Budget on Wednesday that he would be bringing forward payments of corporation tax until the end of the parliament, he knew he would have to make some big decisions on how to raise the money he needed to balance the books.
Henry Blofeld, the legendary commentator for BBC Radio's Test Match Special (TMS), has died at the age of 89.
Real Madrid kept up their pursuit of La Liga leaders Barcelona and Atletico Madrid with a comfortable win over Real Sociedad at the Bernabeu.
Pakistan has passed a new law recognising the right of Hindus to register their marriages.
Premiership side Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from Racing 92.
The authorities in Guatemala say they are assessing whether to evacuate 3,000 people living near a volcano that has been erupting for the past two days.
Scientists have developed a test that can tell you how well you are ageing, based on the activity of your genes.
The husband of a Flintshire woman who lost a finger in the Manchester bomb attack has said her mobile phone probably saved her life.
The Turkish military has accused Russia of "miscalculating" when it carried out an air strike on the rebel-held Syrian town of al-Bab on Thursday, killing at least 20 people.
A plan to reorganise the NHS in parts of Merseyside and Cheshire has been described as "untransparent" and "mired in confusion".
Two boats have been towed to safety after they ran aground in Dartmoor harbour.
A woman's body has been found after a fire broke out at a house in the Highlands.
Passengers stranded on a South West Trains train have described how they had to "piggy-back" their way off the service after hours of delays due to a signalling problem.
Four former soldiers and a civilian have been jailed for their part in a plot to smuggle guns and drugs into the UK from France.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a man who was accused of being a witch.
Small and medium-sized businesses are among the most vulnerable to cyber-attacks.
The Pension Protection Fund (PPF) is expected to decide next week whether to take over the pension scheme of the former Hoover Candy factory in Merthyr Tydfil.
An 18-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Dublin city centre.
Two women have died following a two-car crash in Aberdeenshire.
In the aftermath of the EU referendum result, the prime minister Theresa May said that she wanted a "seamless" solution to the issue of the Irish border.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said it is "in Europe's interest" that the UK and Welsh economies grow after the High Court ruling on Brexit.
Scientists have made a 3D-printed version of human cartilage from the inside of a rabbit's ear.
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by a businessman who plans to turn it into a community venue.
"When the stock market closed on Monday, the whole of the City of London went quiet," says Peter Haynes, one of the people who witnessed the last day of trading on the London Stock Exchange.
Fleetwood Town have signed midfielder Bobson on a two-year deal after he left League Two rivals Crawley Town.
The Durham and Newcastle University Boat Club teams are taking part in the return of the Tyne-Wear University Boat Race.
The Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships heading for the Mediterranean have entered the English Channel.
Images courtesy of Dronestagram and National Geographic France.
West Ham have signed Fenerbahce striker Emmanuel Emenike on a season-long loan from Turkish club Besiktas for an undisclosed fee.
Thieves have used a dumper truck to smash through the front doors of a bank and steal a cash machine.
Defending champions England will play Wales in the last 16 of the China Cup for a place at the 2017 World Championship.
The mother of a teenage girl who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has paid tribute to her "beautiful girl".
Swede Henrik Stenson won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory at the BMW Masters at Wentworth.
French prosecutors say they have identified the remains of a man whose body has been found near the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps, in which 150 people died.
Botswana's government has arrested US evangelical preacher Franklin Graham Anderson after he appeared on a local radio show criticising homosexuals.
Scarlets will not rush back the return of Wales wing Liam Williams from injury against Zebre on Saturday despite speculation linking him with a move to Saracens.
Former Blackburn Rovers striker Darryl Campbell is playing for non-league Maidenhead United for the first time this weekend.
The Scottish government has tabled a bill to give Police Scotland the power to police the railway.
Northern Ireland Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has given the go-ahead for the Civil Service's redundancy scheme to go ahead.
Ross County have completed the signing of midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal.
Maria Sharapova may have beaten Serena Williams in the final of the Australian Open on Sunday, but it turns out she did not know who David Beckham and Sachin Tendulkar were.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the sexual abuse of two boys at a residential home for vulnerable children.
The National Assembly for Wales should be given the power to call itself the Welsh Parliament, Labour has said.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has described David Cameron's final cabinet meeting as "emotional".
Carmarthenshire council leaders have said they are "extremely disappointed" by a report which backs a request for public funding for a new creative hub for S4C in Carmarthen.
Scientists at Paignton Zoo are studying a new breed of honey bee in a bid to find out how it is coping with the threat of a deadly disease.
A settlement has been offered in a long-running dispute over plans to build a new mosque on land owned by the English Defence League.
French police say they have arrested three more people in connection with the Kim Kardashian West robbery last year.
When I think of Muhammad Ali's death, I am taken back to the first time I stood in a long queue to meet him.
Keith Smith is one of a select few rugby league stars to have made the switch to union at the age of 37.
An Australian woman and her four-year-old son have appeared in court in Lebanon accused of abducting their children in a so-called "recovery" operation.
Scientists at Cardiff University have developed computers which can identify cancer cells by analysing pictures of them.
Bristol have signed Leinster scrum-half Matt Harris-Wright on a two-year deal and have bolstered their squad for next season by signing four players from British and Irish Lions.
A taxi driver has been jailed for two years for causing the deaths of a couple in a head-on crash.
Surveyors in the UK have reported a sharp rise in the number of enquiries from potential buyers in April.
Nigeria's new President Muhammadu Buhari has vowed that "the days of impunity and lack of accountability" are over, as he launched his new government.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised after he swore at a referee during Scarlets' European Champions Cup defeat by Toulon on Sunday.
The trial of a man accused of murdering children's author Helen Bailey has heard it is "possible" she may have been killed by a third party before her body was dumped in a cesspit.
Tom Daley won silver for Great Britain in the men's synchronised 10m platform at the World Aquatics Championships in Glasgow, Scotland.
Work is under way to demolish a former school in Flintshire to make way for a new housing development.
David Bowie has died at the age of 69 after a battle with cancer.
Olam International, one of the world's biggest suppliers of palm oil, has been accused of helping to fuel haze caused by slash-and-burn practices in Indonesia.
The BBC has seen CCTV footage of a senior Scottish Labour politician giving an impassioned speech at a conference in Lhasa, China, in support of Beijing's economic interests in Tibet.
A rare species of shark has been found dead on a County Londonderry beach.
Scientists say they have a new theory on why global temperatures have slowed down since the year 2000.
The transfer window is about to close and agents are trying to get their hands on the best possible deal for their players.
The Isle of Wight council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family whose home was badly damaged in a landslip.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal beat 10-man Hull City in the Premier League.
Facebook has said it is working with police to remove profiles belonging to convicted child sex offenders after a BBC investigation found them still live on the social media site.
Aaron Ramsey scored his first goal of the season as Arsenal secured fourth place in the Premier League with victory at Norwich City.
Derbyshire have appointed Steve Barnett as the county's new head of elite performance after a major overhaul of the club's coaching team.
Australia captain Steve Smith says England should consider changing Keaton Jennings as an overseas player after the South Africa opener made a disappointing start to his Test career.
Regulators are to investigate whether former HBOS executives should be banned from banking, following criticism of the Bank of England's handling of the collapse of the bank in 2008.
NHS Lothian has launched an investigation into how a cleaner at an Edinburgh hospital got the name of a woman who was being treated in hospital and contacted her on Facebook.
The Philippines military says it is in "complete control" of the city of Marawi after weeks of fighting between government troops and Islamist militants.
The RMT union has accused Southern of "harassment" after it accused the company of "bullying" its members.
Five people have been arrested after a laser pen was used to interfere with a plane's approach to Edinburgh Airport.
A man who raped a woman as she walked home from a night out in Cardiff city centre has had his appeal against his sentence quashed.
Derbyshire have signed all-rounder Shiv Thakor and fast bowler Ryan Godleman for the 2017 season.
Two Polish police officers have been sent to a town where a Polish man was killed in a "hate crime" following the Brexit vote.
Australian expats living in the UK are being urged to vote in the EU referendum on 23 June.
Athletes have said they are "extremely disappointed" after being told they will not be able to train in Windsor Great Park next season.
Jessie J has announced plans to stage a record-breaking series of concerts at Wembley Stadium next year.
Luke Eden scored a hat-trick of tries as Super League leaders Castleford Tigers ran in seven tries to beat Leigh Centurions at the AJ Bell Stadium.
The number of plastic bags thrown away in England has gone up by a third in the last three years, according to new figures.
Police in Ferguson, Missouri, have used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse crowds protesting against the police shooting of an unarmed black man.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Belfast for the city's annual Pride parade.
The UN tribunal investigating the 2005 assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has begun hearing evidence from a Lebanese journalist accused of leaking information to the tribunal.
Boris Johnson is one of the most high-profile figures in British politics, but who is he and what do we know about him?
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius will have to wait to learn if he will be released early from prison, his lawyer has said.
The family of a 14-year-old boy who is recovering in hospital after falling from a bridge in Rhondda Cynon Taff say he has been targeted by bullies.
Musicians in South Sudan are calling on the warring sides in the conflict-torn country to stop fighting each other, and to forgive each other.
Ricardo Babenco, the director of 1985's Oscar-nominated film Kiss of the Spider Woman, has died at the age of 83, his publicist has said.
Scientists have built 10 generations of robots in a laboratory in an attempt to better understand the evolution of living things.
Ed Sheeran has donated some of his clothing and jewellery to charity shops in the East of England.
Tanzania's Health Minister Hamisi Kigwangalla has tweeted that homosexuality is not biological and has no scientific backing.
An 86-year-old man has died after falling into the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as 10-man Mansfield Town moved off the bottom of League Two with victory over struggling Dagenham & Redbridge.
Eight people have been arrested after a football match ended in disorder following a mass pitch invasion by Coventry City fans.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister by dousing her in a corrosive liquid and setting her on fire.
Two men have been arrested after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Rotherham.
Newport County striker Ryan Washington has become the first Northern Ireland player to score two international goals in the space of three months.
A Grade II-listed Grade II* listed manor house has opened its doors to the public for the first time after a £1.5m revamp.
A couple from Bristol have become the first couple to win the Great Britain team-carrying gold medal in a triathlon at the European Championships.
The UN has signed the UN-brokered Convention on the Prohibition of the Arms Trade in Arms (CARAT), the secretary-general has announced.
The Great Manchester Run will go ahead as planned this weekend, despite the terror attack at Manchester Arena on Monday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a teenager was killed in a crash between two bicycles.
Essex all-rounder Jordan Harmer says he was saying to his team-mate he will probably never again take four five-fers in two games in a week again.
The justice secretary has launched an inquiry into how education is being provided to prisoners in England and Wales, as part of efforts to reduce reoffending.
The Latin American dictatorships of the 1970s and 80s and 90s were some of the worst in the history of the region.
Meet the team behind the world's first hydrogen-powered bus that runs on formic acid.
A former jockey who was found to be more than twice the drink-driving limit has been banned from the road after being found guilty of drink driving.
The site of a former nightclub in Swansea city centre is to be demolished to make way for new council offices and the city's central library.
A dog found abandoned on a road in Kent has had her tail docked and had her claws removed, the RSPCA has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a bar in Dublin city centre.
Sale Sharks have signed Bordeaux-Begles hooker Vadim Cobilas on a two-year deal from next season.
Dundee United have signed Danny Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal.
Mortgage activity in the UK has picked up for the first time in two years, helped by a surge in home refinance activity.
The father and stepfather of Shaimaa Shahid have appeared in court charged with her murder.
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled a voice-controlled artificial intelligence (AI) that it says is the first of its kind.
Police have used mobile phones to catch lorry drivers using their mobile phones while driving in the middle of the road.
British number two Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the Gerry Weber Open with a hard-fought win over Germany's Lukas Pouille in straight sets.
Nigeria's former defence minister Bello Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court in the capital, Abuja, charged with stealing money meant for the military.
Police are searching for a father and his two children who have gone missing from their home.
Christian Pulisic scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Borussia Dortmund came from 2-0 down to draw with Ingolstadt.
Voting has begun in the General Election in Cheshire.
Scotland forward Alan Forsyth is relishing the challenge of taking on the best of the world's best at the Hockey World League semi-finals in London this weekend.
A drugs expert has told Newsbeat that ecstasy pills with a different logo may still be available - but don't assume them to be safe.
David Holmstrom and Peter Hart, who have jointly won the Nobel Prize for economics, have been named as joint winners of the prize for 2016.
Snow has blanketed parts of southern Italy, with temperatures falling to as low as -6C in parts of the south-east of the country.
The Australian Academy of Medical Sciences (AZ) has announced details of a major new research project to tackle some of the most challenging diseases of the 21st Century.
St Johnstone Rugby Club has announced plans to expand the size of a new stand at Franklin's Gardens.
It's lambing season for the Welsh lambing industry, and we caught up with a young boy from Wrexham who's helping out on his family's farm.
Police are investigating the attempted murder of a man and the attempted rape of another man at a nightclub in Glasgow city centre.
Bottles of whisky recovered from the wreck of a ship that sank 70 years ago have been sold at auction for £1,000.
A police force has apologised after winning a competition to make a giant penis-shaped sandcastle at a Cornish beach.
The UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union has provoked a range of reactions in the Baltic states, with some commentators hailing it as a victory for democracy and others seeing it as the "honour killing of the UK".
The owners of Silverstone Circuit are to continue to run the track on a "go-it-alone basis" following the sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media.
Two World War Two glider pilots who took part in the Battle of the River Rhine are being honoured at a Gloucester museum.
Rio Tinto, the world's biggest publicly listed steelmaker, has raised the minimum price it wants to pay for Australian rival Riversdale Steel.
The opposition in the Democratic Republic of Congo has called on the government to suspend a referendum on a third term for the president.
Leinster have re-signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
A cyclist who died after being involved in a crash in Flintshire has been named by police.
The family of a terminally ill five-year-old boy have said they are "heartbroken" after learning he will lose his fight against cancer.
Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US car electronics firm Harman & Kardon for $1.7bn (Â£1.1bn) in cash, in a bid to become a major player in the connected car market.
The EFL Cup third round, Scottish League Cup quarter-finals and the Scottish Cup fourth round are all shown on BBC One.
Peterborough United have signed striker Joe Lloyd from non-league Peterborough United for an undisclosed fee.
Plans to redevelop a former seaside entertainment complex in Cornwall have moved a step closer.
A man accused of killing a man and wounding two others in a shooting at a bar in Kansas has been charged with murder and attempted murder.
The funeral of entertainer Keith Harris has taken place in his Lancashire hometown of Blackpool.
Tom Marshall scored two tries as Gloucester ended Sale Sharks' hopes of a top-six finish in the Premiership with a bonus-point win at Kingsholm.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of people who left fake reviews of a Dutch nursery in breach of its anti-spam rules.
Solihull Moors will travel to League Two Oxford United in the second round of the FA Cup.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order that gives tax-exempt religious groups the right to exercise their religious beliefs without government interference.
A mother who filmed a far-right extremist shouting racist abuse at her two-year-old daughter has said she is "incensed" after the video was shared on social media.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his partner in a fight at a Dorset holiday park swimming pool.
Portland Timbers won the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time in their history as they beat Columbus Crew 2-1 in the final in Seattle.
The parents of three victims of the Hillsborough disaster have been awarded the Freedom of the Borough of Warrington in the New Year Honours list.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has said it is "interested" in the idea of North and South Korea co-hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics.
The wife of Turkish journalist Selahattin Dundar has been filmed wrestling a man to the ground after he tried to shoot him in the street in Istanbul.
Carmarthenshire council has said it hopes to bring some of its own services to the city's Guildhall.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the Burmese opposition leader who was released from house arrest last year, is to appear at this year's Brighton Festival.
For the first time in his life, the Duke of Cambridge is moving out of the family home of Kensington Palace.
The US Senate has voted against ratifying a landmark UN treaty on the rights of disabled people, after a majority of Republicans voted against it.
UKIP's new leader has questioned the "legality" of the High Court's ruling that Parliament should be given a vote on triggering Brexit, saying it could "water down" the process.
More than 1,000 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in an attempt to become the first nation to have more than 200,000 pupils reading a single book at the same time.
Spain's Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race in more than a year to take a huge step towards winning the world title with victory in the San Marino Grand Prix.
Author JK Rowling has defended Twitter users who have been sending abusive messages to her following criticism of her political views.
A Tehran prosecutor's office has said the death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti, who was arrested in October, may have been caused by shock.
A World War One aerodrome in Dorset has been given listed status to mark the centenary of the end of the conflict.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder and possession of a firearm.
The number of criminal trials in Scottish sheriff courts has increased by more than 20% in the last year, according to a new report.
Police Scotland has revealed the name of its new police horse.
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid on a Fife supermarket.
The MTV Europe Music Awards take place in Glasgow on Sunday night.
At least three people have been killed in shelling on the first day of school in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, officials say.
The trial of a Dublin teenager accused of taking refuge in an Egyptian mosque has been adjourned until next month.
A group of business owners who signed up to the botched RHI scheme have met to discuss the future of the scheme.
Ulster University (UU) has warned that EU students could withdraw applications to study in Northern Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union.
Hull City have signed forward Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club-record fee of £10m and winger Hatem Ben Arfa from Newcastle United for an undisclosed fee.
Big Ben's 150th anniversary is to be marked with a series of events in the capital, Historic England has announced.
A rare baby wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia, increasing the population of the tiny marsupial to more than 250.
Steve McNamara says he is in "no rush" to decide his future as England head coach after guiding his side to their first series win over New Zealand since 2007.
A man who raped and murdered an Irish woman in Melbourne, Australia, has been found guilty of a series of further rapes.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will attend a memorial service to mark the 20th anniversary of the death of their mother, Princess Diana.
The government's decision to sell ARM Holdings to Japanese conglomerate Softbank for £24.3bn is a "disaster" for the UK economy, the former chairman of the company, Lord Myners, has said.
Soul singer Ray BLK has topped BBC Radio 1's Sound of 2017 list, which showcases the best new artists for the coming 12 months.
A Canadian theme park has been charged with failing to provide adequate care for a peacock and guinea hens, animal welfare officials say.
Hibernian Ladies are through to the last 16 of the Scottish Women's Cup after a 1-0 win over Queen's Park Ladies.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi dweud eu bod wedi derbyn adroddiad o "becyn amheus" yng nghanolfan siopa'r Quadrant, Abertawe, yng Nghymru.
The owner of a Turkish holiday booking company has announced it is to close, with the loss of more than 1,000 bookings.
Lawyers for the captain of the Costa Concordia, the Italian ship that capsized and sank in 2012 killing 32 people, are due to begin an appeal against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is trying to find a "compromise deal" to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland is able to remain part of the EU single market after Brexit.
Lebanese security forces have foiled an attempt to smuggle a synthetic stimulant from Lebanon to Saudi Arabia, Lebanon's National News Agency (NNA) has reported.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, known as El Chapo or "Shorty" in the United States, is set to be extradited from Mexico to face charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
Archaeologists believe they have found the first evidence of people living in Scotland's Ice Age 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Chelsea and Manchester City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players in the aftermath of a mass brawl in the Premier League game between the sides on Boxing Day.
The fossil of a Stegosaurus, one of the oldest dinosaurs ever found, has been discovered in Argentina, South America.
Sunderland and England Under-21 international Adam Johnson has denied three charges of sexual activity with a child under 16.
The new operator of the South Western rail franchise has refused to guarantee a second member of staff will be on board new trains, a union has claimed.
The theory that the Cretaceous dinosaurs were able to cross from South America to Australia within 100 million years of each other has long been the stuff of legend.
A light aircraft has crashed into the sea off the North Yorkshire coast.
One of the world's most powerful bankers has told the Prime Minister Edouard Philippe that it is not up to Britain to decide how many jobs will go out of the UK after Brexit.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir have launched a manhunt for a man accused of desecrating a Hindu temple in Srinagar, the capital of the Jammu region.
A legal challenge to the election of former Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael is to be considered by the Court of Session.
Braille paving stones which were supposed to spell out a poem in Braille are "just gobbledygook", a teacher has said.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team have to improve their consistency if they are to win the Formula 1 world title this year.
The release date of Grand Theft Auto V has been pushed back.
Fleetwood Town have signed Ben Rothwell and Harry Maguire on season-long loan deals from Middlesbrough and Sunderland respectively.
Conversion therapy is to be banned from being offered on the NHS in England, Newsbeat has learned.
One of the most prolific hackers in the US has described how he foiled a plot to send a package of heroin to the home of one of his friends.
An NHS trust has been told to make "dramatic improvements" at the Royal London Hospital and Newham University Hospital amid a "culture of blame".
Salmon sales in the first quarter of the year helped the UK's food and drink exports to South Korea jump by 40% to £50m, according to the Food and Drink Federation (FDF).
Olympic rowing champion Katherine Grainger, who won double sculls silver at the Rio Games, grew up as a martial arts enthusiast and karate black belt.
At least 28 pilot whales have died after returning to the shore following a mass stranding off the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
A man accused of murdering his former partner has told police he was trying to stop her throwing a kitchen knife at him during a struggle, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed Queens Park Rangers striker Aaron Emmanuel-Thomas on a season-long loan deal.
The Renewable Heating and Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal has been at the centre of much discussion in Northern Ireland this week.
Tyrrell Hatton says his second-place finish in the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links was the highlight of what has been a season of highs and lows for him.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan said the second Test against Pakistan was the "best four days of cricket he has seen" as the tourists lost by an innings and 88 runs to England in Manchester.
Kilmarnock have re-signed former Hearts midfielder Jamie Hamill on a permanent deal.
Lindsey Vonn has become the first female skier to win the overall World Cup title for the first time in her career.
Out campaigner Michael Gove has said it is "hard to see how it could possibly be in the UK's security interests to grant visa-free travel to 77 million Turkish citizens and create a border-free zone from Iraq, Iran and Syria to the English Channel".
All week you have been using Your Questions to tell us what you have always wanted to know about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has said it is working with the authorities in the US, Germany and Spain to work out how many of its diesel cars are affected by the emissions test cheating scandal.
Voting is under way in Nigeria's state elections, which are being seen as a major test of the country's new biometric voting system.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been given a one-match touchline ban by Uefa.
Northern Ireland's hospitals are struggling to cope with the pressure they are under.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers, Partick Thistle boss Alan Archibald and Aberdeen counterpart Derek McInnes are among the nominees for the Professional Footballers' Association manager of the season award.
As the Church in Wales marks 100 years since the first woman was made an Anglican deaconess, what is it like to be a woman in the church today?
Injured former paramilitaries are calling for a special pension for those who have been injured during the Troubles, the BBC's Spotlight programme has learned.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to death for the murders of a Jewish community centre worker and two other people in the US state of Kansas.
Norwich City have signed Wigan winger Adam Wildschut for an undisclosed fee and Werder Bremen midfielder Marvin Dijks on loan.
The Duke of Cambridge has finished his search and rescue duties at RAF Valley on Anglesey, the BBC understands.
Stephen Dobbie scored the only goal of the game as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
An investigation into the death of a man who collapsed and died after he was Tasered by police has found officers acted in a "proportionate and reasonable way" in dealing with him.
Police in Washington DC have arrested a man suspected of killing a Greek immigrant and his wife and their housekeeper last week.
Malaysia's censors have approved the release of Disney's Beauty and the Beast, but will not screen the film until next week.
The body of a man has been recovered from the sea off the Gwynedd coast, police have said.
Australia's immigration minister Peter Dutton has said he takes allegations of abuse at the country's offshore detention centre on Nauru "very seriously".
Prosecutors in Mexico have issued arrest warrants for the director of a nursery where dozens of children died in a fire in 2009.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire more than 50 years ago.
For many travellers, the idea of staying in a hotel room in a foreign city can be a bit of a nightmare.
Real Madrid trio Cesc Fabregas, Pedro and Iker Casillas have been left out of Spain manager Julen Lopetegui's provisional squad for the World Cup qualifiers next month.
Arundhati Mukherjee is favourite to win this year's Stella Rimington Prize for Fiction, one of six authors shortlisted for the award.
The Tomatina Festival is celebrating its 70th anniversary this weekend.
Four men have rescued a shark from the sea off the Pembrokeshire coast after it leapt out of the air and jumped into their boat.
Footage of a baby gorilla "dancing" in front of the camera has gone viral on social media.
As a journalist covering the Davis Cup final in Ghent, I've been fortunate enough to have been on the receiving end of some of the tightest security measures in the world of sport.
Scotland is facing a "perfect storm" in the shortage of nurses and midwives, a union has warned.
The 1966 World Cup anthem sung by England's 1966 team has been released to mark the 30th anniversary of the end of the Falklands War.
Printers made by many of the best-known brands of printer have been targeted by a hacker who hijacked them to send a warning to their owners.
A teenager has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a man in Aberdeen city centre.
Macclesfield climbed out of the National League relegation zone with a comfortable win at Wrexham.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said he will "get off his soapbox" and lobby the broadcasters to press ahead with TV election debates.
The demolition of the so-called 'Jungle' migrant camp in the French city of Calais has now been completed.
Egypt's new President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has sworn in for a four-year term, in what he described as a "peaceful handover of power".
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Birmingham City ended in a draw as 10-man Barnsley came from behind to claim a point at Oakwell.
The Open University (OU) is planning to use data analytics to identify students who may be struggling with their courses.
Manchester City Women secured their first Women's Super League One win of the season with a narrow victory over Birmingham City Women.
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US in the first three months of the year has reached a record high, according to new figures.
West Indies batsman Chris Gayle has been suspended by the Big Bash League (BBL) after telling a female reporter to "don't blush" during a live TV interview.
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome's Leonardo da Vinci airport after trying to smuggle cocaine hidden inside a pair of trainers.
Nato and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the future security of the eastern Afghan province of Wardak, where US special forces are due to leave next month.
Universities have been urged to "recapture a civic mission" after the UK voted to leave the European Union, the education secretary has said.
India is the world's fastest-growing major milk exporter, and the country is one of the fastest growing milk exporters.
The Doonhamers Festival has been cancelled due to a lack of interest in the event.
Skipper Ben Ainslie led Team New Zealand to victory over Oracle Team USA in a dramatic America's Cup final in San Francisco.
Swansea City defender Angel Rangel says Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has made his side the "best team in the UK".
England's Laura Massaro and Laura Perry will meet in the women's and men's British Open final on Sunday after both semi-finalists won their semi-finals.
A group of former workers at the former Army development company Ilex are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
Visitors to Raigmore Hospital in Inverness have been asked to limit themselves to two visits a day after tests confirmed the presence of norovirus.
An appeal has been launched to trace the families of children photographed in the 1960s and 1970s to mark the 50th anniversary of the first of a series of "sobering" portraits of homeless families.
Two men have been charged in connection with the death of a teenager who died after a car crashed into a wall.
A ferry that crashed into the side of a pier in March has returned to the Channel Islands.
A hotel chef has been given a suspended prison sentence for killing a cat in the kitchen of a Denbighshire hotel.
P&O Ferries has accused Eurotunnel of failing to do enough to resolve a dispute over the sale of two of its ferries, which has led to a 48-hour strike at the Port of Calais.
UK Anti-Doping (Ukad) is investigating claims Team Sky continued to inject their riders despite a ban on IV drugs, the Press Association has reported.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat that went missing from a Kent woman's home.
David Beckham is adopting a more of an American accent, according to a University of Manchester study.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions scrum-half Gareth Phillips says he is "surprised" by reports that Racing 92 and Stade Francais are to merge.
Emoji flags for Wales, Scotland and England are to be added to computer keyboards and tablets.
(Close): London's leading shares rose in the wake of Scotland's vote against independence, with the FTSE 100 closing higher after the result of the referendum.
Bullying is "on the increase" among young people in Scotland, according to a new report.
Gaelic speakers on Shetland have been warned to be vigilant after receiving a scam email on the Isle of Lewis.
Rochdale have signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United player-of-the-match Danny Collins on a one-year deal.
Three cars have been involved in a three-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
Coventry City Football Club has held talks with Rugby Borough Council in a bid to find a new home for the club.
Glamorgan director of cricket Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department if they are to have a successful season next season.
Leicester hooker Ben Youngs says he is determined to return to the England set-up after having a career-ending back operation.
Wales suffered their first defeat of the autumn international series as Australia snatched a last-minute try to seal victory in Sydney.
The home secretary has said it is "too early" to say whether net migration will feature in the Conservative Party's new election manifesto, after questions about the government's commitment to reduce net migration to the tens of thousands.
Rangers returned to the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over 10-man Aberdeen at Ibrox.
David Cameron has said it is time for the UK to "come together and to move forward" after the Scottish referendum result.
A new blood test could help diagnose Alzheimer's disease more accurately, researchers have said.
The world's biggest cruise ship, the Queen Mary 2, has arrived at its new home in Southampton, South East London.
Reading have confirmed Hal Robson-Kanu and Rio Ferdinand will leave the club at the end of the season, along with striker Chris Cox.
Skegness' iconic Jolly Fisherman is to be replaced with a fish in a bid to "rebrand itself as a progressive holiday destination", a campaign group has said.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has become the first person to be granted Russian citizenship after he applied for it in Moscow.
Defending champion Marco Noppert will take on England's Scott Waites in the semi-finals of the men's singles at the BDO World Championships in Sheffield.
Swansea City have held informal talks with Gary Rowett and Paul Clement about the vacant manager's job.
Neil McCann has signed a new two-year deal to remain as interim manager of Dundee until the end of the season.
Two Grade II-listed public swimming pools and a Grade II* listed mansion are among the most endangered buildings in the UK, according to a new list.
A chronology of key events:
The Scottish Conservatives have been accused of showing "contempt" after one of their MSPs missed a key Holyrood meeting to attend a football match in Portugal.
One of the world's most unusual plants - the spadix - has bloomed for the first time in Scotland.
Transgender children as young as three have been referred to a specialist support service for the first time in the last five years, new figures have shown.
Bolivia's President Evo Morales will not be able to stand for a third term in office after the "No" campaign won a referendum, according to provisional results.
Championship side Fulham have re-signed midfielder Richard Dunne on a season-long loan from Championship rivals Wolves.
The Tour of France's final stage was stopped at the last minute after a high-speed train came across a railway line in the final kilometre of the race.
A football game in the US state of Washington has registered a small earthquake, according to a seismic monitoring station.
As the fallout from the Fifa corruption scandal continues to reverberate around the sport's world governing body, some of its biggest sponsors are beginning to question whether they will continue to back the World Cup.
England have accused Wales of scrummaging "terribly illegally" during the Six Nations.
A man accused of throwing a punch at a newlywed couple at a wedding reception has told a court he was trying to defuse a "volatile" situation.
British rider Chaz Davies became the first Briton to win a MotoGP race on the same day as a British winner for the first time in 37 years as he claimed victory in the Texas Grand Prix.
Afghan forces have captured at least 20 Taliban fighters in a raid in southern Afghanistan, the Nato-led coalition says.
Indonesia, one of the world's fastest-growing economies, is a vast archipelago of more than 1,000 islands, made up of 18 provinces - Bali, Java, Sumatra, Sulawesi, Papua, Bali and Java - spread over an area stretching from the Indian Ocean to the Pacific Ocean.
Sainsbury's has reported a fall in sales for the third quarter as the price war with discount chains continues to bite into sales.
The British Heart Foundation is calling for a genetic test to be rolled out across the NHS in the UK to diagnose inherited heart conditions.
Hampshire boosted their hopes of reaching the T20 Blast quarter-finals with a five-wicket win over Glamorgan, while Middlesex held on to beat Sussex by two runs.
A man has appeared in court accused of setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead harbour.
Sri Lankan authorities have released photographs of the last Tamil Tiger militant to die in the country's civil war, which ended in May 2009.
Manchester City came from behind to beat Bayern Munich and reach the Champions League knockout stages for the first time in the competition's history.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex-partner and a woman he killed while she slept in his bed.
It is one of the most talked-about films of the past 20 years, perhaps the most iconic of all time.
A Greater Manchester hospital has been taken out of special measures after being rated as "good" by the health watchdog.
Bombay House, one of India's most iconic landmarks, is also one of the most expensive.
Deportivo La Coruna have sacked manager Luis Enrique Sanchez after just one season in charge of La Liga's bottom club.
A US college where comedian Bill Cosby once held a professorship is returning the money it donated to the university in the wake of allegations of sexual assault against the comedian.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki beat Sloane Stephens to reach the Rogers Cup final for the second time in three years.
Part of a lorry that crashed into a block of flats in North Ayrshire, killing a woman, may have to be demolished, the council has said.
Five teenagers have been sentenced for their part in a riot in Torfaen which left residents "terrified" and police fearing for their safety.
Frankie Dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 2000 Guineas for the third time in four years on Air Force Blue.
India's government has proposed a new law that would ban companies from making and distributing maps without a licence.
Rory McIlroy missed out on a chance to win the Race to Dubai title as Lee Westwood took a one-shot lead into the final round of the Tour Championship.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) is appealing for help to save a rare African portrait of a former slave.
The public hearings into the alleged child sex abuse of ex-MP Lord Janner are to be held in March next year, a hearing has heard.
Voting has begun in local council and mayoral elections across England, as well as a by-election in South Shields.
Israel has completely dismantled security infrastructure at the al-Aqsa mosque complex in Jerusalem's Old City, ending a week of protests over new security measures at the holy site.
A seven-year-old Indian girl who went missing two months ago has been found safe and well, her family has said.
Police investigating the discovery of three human feet in a park are searching the grounds of a nearby school as part of a search for clues.
The government is to decide whether to turn the hard shoulder of the M4 into a "smart" lane as part of plans to ease congestion on the motorway network.
Radon gas levels in Jersey and Guernsey homes have been found to be at a safe level, according to a new survey.
Aberdeen City Council has announced a series of cuts to services in the town, including the closure of the town's public library.
Alastair Cook made his first Championship century of the season and Tom Westley made his maiden first-class century as Essex dominated the first day against Hampshire at New Road.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge their police dog units in a bid to save money.
Two police forces could have done more to stop a man driving the wrong way along the motorway in the wrong direction before he crashed and killed a man, an inquest has heard.
Linfield will play Celtic in the Champions League second qualifying round after holding La Fiorita to a goalless draw at Mourneview Park.
Plans to create 10 new marine protected zones in Welsh waters have been scrapped, the environment minister has announced.
Northern Ireland international Paddy Jackson has left League Two side Luton Town to return to his native County Antrim.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was struck by a car in Hamilton.
The trial of two men accused of attempting to murder a journalist in a Glasgow street attack has heard DNA evidence linking one of the accused to the scene of the crime.
One of Scotland's biggest street parties is getting under way in the Outer Hebrides.
The number of young women entering convents in the UK is at its highest level for 25 years, the Church of England has said.
Wolves striker Tomasz Zyro is expected to be out of action for at least a year after suffering cruciate knee ligament damage.
An Iranian court has sentenced a British-Iranian woman to five years in jail for "crimes against the state", her family has said.
Non-league Bradford City reached the FA Cup second round for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over League Two side Chesham United.
The Home Office is to investigate claims by a man who claims he has new evidence that could have cleared a man of murdering a woman in Derbyshire more than 40 years ago.
A police officer who Tasered a man who stabbed a woman to death in a hostel bedroom has told an inquest he had "unbelievable strength".
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been branded a "traitor" by the head of the Organization of American States (OAS), Luis Carlos Almagro.
Two fire stations in Berkshire are to close after a public consultation on the future of the stations.
What do you do if you know that the Supreme Court is about to rule on whether the government has the power to trigger Article 50 and start the process of leaving the European Union?
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with the death of a 15-year-old girl believed to have taken the so-called "new psychoactive substance" N-Bomb.
A five-year-old boy in New Zealand has won a bonus bond worth more than $1m (Â£700,000; $1,000,000) in a bank's bonus bond scheme, local media report.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old defender Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Noble, Asia's biggest commodity trader, has warned of a $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) loss for the third quarter as falling commodity prices continue to hit its energy division.
South African police are to reinstate charges of attempted murder against Det Hilton Botha, the detective at the centre of the Oscar Pistorius murder case.
Kirsty Williams, the Liberal Democrat leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, will answer questions from the public in a series of BBC Wales programmes this week.
Nato should "shame the others" in the alliance by increasing spending on defence, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A court in Iran has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in the "promiscuity" and "immoral culture" of modelling on the photo-sharing site Instagram.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won stage four of the Women's Tour as Netherlands' Marianne Vos claimed victory in a sprint finish.
A woman whose body was found at a house in Greater Manchester has been formally reported to the police watchdog.
A rescue centre in the US is to fly a "dangerous" dog from Devon to the country after her owner lodged a last-ditch legal bid to have her put down.
British actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress at the Golden Globe Awards in Hong Kong.
Emma Pooley has come out of retirement to race for Great Britain at this summer's Olympic Games in Rio.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was mauled to death by his own dog.
A train passenger has said he was "humiliated" by police questioning him twice after he was removed from a train because he was found to have wires in his bag.
Portugal has become the first country in Europe to grant citizenship to descendants of Jews who have lived in the country for more than 500 years.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis lesson with the mother of British number one Andy Murray.
Portsmouth boosted their hopes of reaching the League Two play-offs by beating League One promotion rivals AFC Wimbledon.
The number of recorded homicides in Scotland has fallen to a new low, according to new figures.
Warrington Wolves will host Wigan Warriors in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals, while Salford will travel to Wakefield Trinity.
Household spending power in Northern Ireland is the lowest in the UK, according to a new report.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton extended his lead at the top of the Formula 1 world championship to seven points with victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Paralympic gold medallist Richard Whitehead is to go on show in an exhibition of photographs documenting his journey to the Rio 2016 Games.
Jeremy Corbyn has made his first Prime Minister's Questions appearance in the House of Commons, asking David Cameron and David Cameron what questions they would like to answer.
More than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province, which has been battered by floods.
The Scottish government has given the go-ahead to a wind farm project off the Aberdeenshire coast, despite US tycoon Donald Trump threatening to sue if it goes ahead.
Conwy town centre could get a makeover to make it safer for foreign tourists to get off and pick up coaches.
Ulster Bank has said it is working to fix a computer glitch that has affected payments to customers in Northern Ireland.
A man arrested in Germany on suspicion of involvement in the Berlin Christmas market attack has been released without charge, German prosecutors say.
Russell Slade says leading Cardiff City to the Championship play-off final this season would be the biggest achievement of his managerial career.
Two arts directors on the Isle of Mull are to lose their jobs after the board of the island's arts body voted to make them redundant.
The European Union has pledged $1.9bn (Â£1.1bn) to help African countries cope with the migrant crisis.
The UK's energy system will need to be re-shaped again if the government's climate change targets are to be met, according to a new report.
As the government prepares to publish details of consultants' earnings, we take a look at why it has been so reluctant to tackle the issue of private practice in the NHS.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a man in Leicester.
Bath returned to winning ways in the Premiership for the first time since the departure of Sam Burgess as they ran in six second-half tries against 10-man London Irish.
The Beatles' first managerial contract signed by manager Brian Epstein has failed to sell at Sotheby's auction of Beatles memorabilia.
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv are trying to come to terms with the reality of living under the threat of Palestinian rocket fire.
An 11-year-old Canadian boy has received an apology from Air Canada after being asked to leave a flight because of an overbooking problem.
Northern Ireland's teenagers are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts in England, Scotland and Wales.
The UK's airspace is being stretched to the limit as it prepares to deal with a record number of flights this weekend, the Department for Transport has warned.
The disappearance of Reddit's so-called "warrant canary" could be a sign that the website has received secret requests for user data, according to legal experts.
An Indian village has held a selfie contest to find the country's most gender-inclusive selfie, in a bid to raise awareness about the plight of women.
Kenyan authorities have released CCTV footage that appears to show soldiers apparently looting items from the Westgate shopping centre during the deadly attack last month.
Work is under way to clear up the debris left behind by last year's Norfolk and Suffolk floods.
A third person has died at a Carmarthenshire nursing home where an outbreak of flu-like symptoms has been reported.
Actor John Blessed has described how he helped deliver a woman's baby after she had gone into labour in a park in the 1960s.
A former consultant breast surgeon has denied telling patients they were on the "road to developing breast cancer", a court has heard.
Members of the Arctic Mission team, Arctic Mission, are on a mission to raise awareness of the effects of climate change.
Google has reported a 12% rise in second-quarter net income to $3.1bn (Â£2.9bn), helped by strong advertising sales, sending its shares soaring in after-hours trading.
Senga won the Grand National for the first time at Royal Ascot as Tivoli was beaten into second by Shutter Speed in a thrilling finish.
Gateshead moved out of the National League relegation zone with a hard-fought win at Wrexham.
The Chinese government has said it will not recognise a UN tribunal's ruling that invalidates China's territorial claims in the South China Sea.
A PhD student at Glasgow University is using 3D technology to help doctors diagnose and treat people with facial paralysis.
A 32-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by local businessman Nigel Travis, who has taken over the League One club.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she wants to call an early general election next year.
The housing team at the site of a fire-damaged council office is to return to work on Monday, two local authorities have said.
Ambulance trusts in England have spent £46m a year on private ambulances in the last five years, the BBC has learned.
Liverpool made it two wins out of two in the Premier League this season with a comfortable victory at Burton Albion.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the remainder of the Women's World Twenty20.
Ipswich Town defender Neil Taylor says his first day at Portman Road has taught him the importance of earning the respect of first-team players.
Detectives investigating the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester have released an e-fit image of two men they want to trace.
National League side Gateshead have signed Newcastle United centre-back Luke Atkinson on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" a report by the CIA that Russia tried to help him win the election.
Portugal's stock market has fallen by more than 1% after the country's centre-right coalition government came close to losing its majority in parliament.
Northern Ireland snowboarder Lauren Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Four men have admitted assaulting and robbing a man and his cousin during a raid on a flat in Fife.
Colchester United have signed Coventry City midfielder Chris Reid on a season-long loan deal.
"When you're the son of one of the most successful British managers in the history of the game, you're expected to follow in your father's footsteps."
Poorer children are more likely to end up in the juvenile justice system than better-off offenders, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend after he stalked her for a year and tried to set fire to her home.
"I am a jouster, I am a knight, and I have never been knocked off my horse, but I have taken three people out of the saddle."
The food safety watchdog is investigating a possible link between a UK seed company and an outbreak of food poisoning in France.
Councillors in Hartlepool have said it would be "unusual and unwelcome" to advise bidders on how to improve fertility services.
The M42 has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours following a crash involving a lorry and a car.
The partner of ex-footballer Adam Johnson has told a court he cheated on her with "quite a few" women before and after he admitted kissing a 15-year-old girl, a court has heard.
The government must do more to tackle the growing gap between rich and poor in Britain, according to a new report by the man tasked with tackling social mobility.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's test of a ballistic missile as a "clear violation" of a UN Security Council resolution, hours after it carried out the test.
Network Rail has been accused of "embarrassing passengers" after it announced it would be live-streaming engineering work on the East Coast Main Line.
Welsh boxer Andrew Selby will make the first defence of his IBF super-featherweight title against fellow Welshman Joe Norman in Cardiff on Saturday.
Glasgow Warriors began their Champions Cup campaign with a thumping defeat by Northampton Saints at Scotstoun.
All of the reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership, Scottish Cup and Championship matches.
Sheffield United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over struggling Chesterfield.
Places like Beddau in Rhondda Cynon Taf, Dôl-y-Pennau in Snowdonia and Wern in the east of Wales have been given a new meaning this weekend, as part of a new Welsh place-name society.
As the Welsh Labour Party launches its Welsh campaign pledge card for the general election, we take a look at some of the pledges on offer.
Great Britain won three rowing gold medals on the final day of the Rio Paralympic Games, while cycling and triathlon also won medals.
A judge is to review the Metropolitan Police's handling of allegations of child sex abuse, the force has announced.
Japanese author Yuko Yanagihara is favourite to win the £50,000 Man Booker Prize for Fiction, with US author Steven Tyler a close second.
A former cathedral chaplain has criticised a cathedral for allowing Muslims to read a passage from the Koran at one of its services.
Norwegian mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik has made a series of complaints about life in a maximum security prison, according to a leaked document.
Phil Mickelson will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship after a rain-affected third round at Royal Troon.
Sources close to Jeremy Corbyn have told the BBC they are "shocked" that the Labour Party's election manifesto has been leaked.
The first trial of a drug to target the build-up of amyloid plaques in the brain has provided "tantalising evidence" that it could be a potential treatment for people with early stage Alzheimer's disease, say experts.
Justice Minister David McCann has joined calls for Attorney General John Larkin to resign.
A former reality TV star stalked and attacked a teenager after she criticised a book he was writing, a court has heard.
Atletico Madrid won the La Liga title for the first time in their history as they held Barcelona to a draw at the Nou Camp.
The construction of a wind farm in the Cromarty Firth has begun to move parts of the project forward.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a Scottish woman who was found dead in Lapland.
A Swansea-born scientist who played a key role in the development of radar technology during the Second World War has been honoured in his home city.
Photographer David Jenkinson has captured some of the most memorable moments of his life through the medium of photography.
The Woodland Trust has been talking about the importance of trees in the UK.
A Taliban siege of an Afghan police base in north-west Afghanistan has ended, officials say.
It's that time of year again when you can expect to hear some of the best of Welsh folk music.
The number of patients being transferred out of A&E units in Wales has increased, according to a new Welsh government report.
Former Swansea City boss Bob Bradley has been appointed head coach of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
The UN says it has rescued 36 Yazidi survivors of atrocities committed by so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
Police in Spain have arrested three German women after a flashmob in a seaside town in Catalonia turned into a mass stampede.
What are the top 10 teams of all time?
At least one person has been killed and hundreds of people have been injured in an earthquake in Nepal in South Asia.
The suspended chief executive of a patient-led health watchdog raised concerns about the chair of the organisation before he was suspended, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
The Knights of Malta have marked their 900th anniversary by celebrating a special Mass in the Vatican.
Cynthia Carr, best known for playing Liesl Trapp in The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 91.
A US court has sentenced a computer hacker to 20 years in jail for passing a list of US military personnel to the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
It's that time of year again when you get to choose the Formula 1 team of the season.
Surrey Police chief constable Julie Owens has been accused of "moral cowardice" in the months leading up to her appointment as director of the National Crime Agency, the BBC has learned.
Hospitals in Cumbria are investigating a "potential security breach" at Carlisle General Hospital, the BBC has learned.
Tennis star Andy Murray is among the Scots who have been recognised in the New Year's Honours list.
Wales wing George North says he can never score enough tries.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen last year has returned to France after being released by her captors in Oman.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over a new contract for Clyde and Hebrides Ferries (Caledonian MacBrayne) staff are due to resume on Wednesday.
England captain Joe Root says his team have a "point to prove" as they prepare for Saturday's crucial World Twenty20 match against Sri Lanka.
More than 100 people have been killed in Indonesia's Aceh province in one of the worst disasters of the year, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of links to so-called Islamic State (IS) and foiled a plot to attack targets in Berlin and Cologne, officials say.
Norwich City striker Kyle Lafferty has been fined £10,000 by the Football Association after being found guilty of breaching a betting ban.
A 19-year-old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of terrorism offences, Scotland Yard has said.
Blackpool owner Owen Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a Blackpool fan who accused the chairman of threatening him with a gun.
"There is no military solution to this crisis and there is no political solution."
A Holiday Inn hotel in Aberdeen has been put up for sale after being bought by a hotel chain for £17.7m.
Andre Ward says he is ready to "make a statement" when he fights Sergey Kovalev in their rematch at London's O2 Arena on Saturday.
Planned cuts to the legal aid budget in criminal cases in England and Wales will lead to a "miscarriage of justice", a former High Court judge has warned.
One of the last survivors of the Nuremberg war crimes trial has died at the age of 98, a week after the 70th anniversary of Adolf Hitler's death.
Ospreys moved into the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Ulster at Liberty Stadium.
An investigation is under way into the cause of an underground fire at a potash mine in Cumbria.
A woman has described a man accused of sexually abusing her as a child as a "monster" and said she felt "dirty and ashamed" of not reporting him.
Essex and Glamorgan meet in the final One-Day Cup group match of the season at Chelmsford on Saturday.
Three senior UK ministers are taking to the world stage this week to discuss the challenges facing the UK as it prepares to leave the European Union.
Police are searching for a man wanted in connection with a football match abandoned after reports a player had a knife in his hand.
A man's body has been found in a drain in a Lincolnshire town.
In the fields surrounding the village of Pisky, in eastern Ukraine, there was a sense of calm.
Cardiff Devils are not the bad guys for having to play Sheffield Steelers in the Challenge Cup final on Sunday, says head coach Todd Kelman.
Rock star Phil Collins has been taken to hospital after falling off stage at a concert in London's Hyde Park on Wednesday.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a mother who was stabbed in front of her two-year-old daughter.
The World Snooker players have voted to retain the Players' Shoot Out as a ranking event, despite a controversial refereeing incident at last year's event.
Olympic gold medallist Veronique Dujardin and London 2012 champion Emily Brash are among the stars set to compete at this week's Olympia Horse Trials in London.
Shutter Speed, ridden by Frankie Dettori, won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury.
The Mexican authorities have confirmed that 43 students who went missing in Guerrero state in 2014 are dead.
The National Theatre could introduce quotas to increase the number of black, Asian and minority ethnic (BAME) actors, artistic director Tony Norris has said.
Michael Dunlop produced the fastest lap of the week in the Superstock and Superbike classes at the Isle of Man TT on Thursday night.
In the middle of a field in the Yorkshire Dales, a field of green pastures stretches out before you as far as the eye can see.
A Dundee food chain has gone into administration, with the loss of 70 jobs.
Thirteen men have been jailed after a drugs haul of up to £5m was found in a raid on a warehouse in Newport.
The husband of a cyclist who was killed in a hit-and-run crash has spoken of his "constant feeling of loss".
Junior doctors in England have voted to reject a new contract proposed by the Department of Health.
An RSPCA investigation is to be launched into the care of dogs seized by police and kept in kennels in Teignbridge.
Volkswagen has said production will be temporarily halted at five of its plants in Germany because of a dispute over parts made by two suppliers.
Deputy PM Nick Clegg has said the Lib Dems would offer free bus passes to young people in England to help them get on in life if they win power.
Dwayne Bravo's century was not enough to prevent West Indies losing to Pakistan in the first day-night Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) is one of the key tools used by the European Union to extradite suspects from member states to other EU countries.
Millions of people across the UK will be celebrating Christmas this weekend - but what will they be eating?
Sebastian Vettel headed a Red Bull one-two in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Ferrari focused on the soft tyres in the first practice session of the season.
The family of a British journalist who was found dead in a Turkish airport toilet have said they believe she acted alone.
Defender Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of England's Women's Euro 2017 opener against Spain because of a hamstring injury.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by a BBC radio presenter has told a court he "craved" sex with her when he thought about the abuse.
Britain's Chris Froome leads Spain's Alberto Contador and Australia's Richie Porte by six seconds after the third stage of the Criterium du Dauphine.
Joe Cardle scored a hat-trick as Dunfermline Athletic beat 10-man Falkirk in the Scottish Championship.
The Electoral Commission has published a booklet giving information on how to register to vote in the UK's EU referendum.
Antarctica's Totten Glacier, the largest in the Antarctic, may be about to reverse direction and retreat to the deep interior of its catchment, scientists say.
When news of the firing of FBI Director James Comey reached the White House last week, the reaction in the United States was swift and furious.
An investigation is under way after six offshore workers were found to have been exposed to low levels of radiation, the BBC has learned.
A man has been jailed for life for the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
Rescuers are searching for survivors after a migrant boat sank off the Italian coast, with the loss of hundreds of lives.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa four years ago, say they are determined to find out the truth about what happened to their "beautiful daughter".
England bowled out Sri Lanka for 248 to force a draw in the third one-day international at Bristol.
Devolution has been a hot topic of conversation in Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire, but what do the towns and villages in the East Midlands think of the idea?
Charlton Athletic manager Karl Robinson has apologised to AFC Wimbledon after he was racially abused by a fan during Saturday's 1-1 draw at Kingsmeadow.
Bonnyrigg Rose were knocked out of the League Cup at the first-round stage after being thrashed by Hibernian at Tynecastle.
Fly-half Alex Jones has been called into the Scotland squad for the two Tests against Japan in June.
The Queen has sent out her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday.
The Church of England's first woman bishop has been consecrated at York Minster.
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball, according to head coach Matt Read.
The former Princess of Sealand has died at the age of 91, her family has announced.
A British Ukulele Orchestra has lost a legal battle against a rival group which it accused of trademark infringement.
The times tables will be tested by 11-year-olds in the autumn of next year, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has told MPs.
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into an attack on a hospital in Afghanistan in which 13 people were killed, the White House says.
Crusaders have signed midfielder Mark McChrystal on a one-year deal following his departure from Crusaders at the end of last season.
"It's the way we make our own oil," said Dedel, a member of a small farming community in the Amazon rainforest in north-west Brazil.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during its Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons on Remembrance Sunday.
National League side Gateshead have signed striker Adam Johnson on a new one-year deal with the League Two club.
Police are investigating the discovery of a huge video game 'treasure trove' on the dark web.
MSPs on a Holyrood committee have voted to back a bill to allow same-sex couples in Scotland to enter into civil partnerships.
The BBC has been given evidence from three whistleblowers who claim to have been involved in a scam that defrauded TalkTalk customers out of thousands of pounds.
An NHS trust has been rated as "inadequate" following an inspection of two hospitals in West Midlands.
The Scottish government has defended the economic performance of the Scottish economy, saying the downturn in the oil and gas sector is partly to blame.
A woman who had part of her ovary removed after chemotherapy has become the first person in Scotland to have her fertility frozen after cancer treatment.
As the US state of Pennsylvania prepares to execute a man who has spent 23 years on death row for the attempted kidnap and murder of a police officer, Nick Yarris tells the Victoria Derbyshire programme how his life has changed.
British number two Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the Marseille Open second round.
The second day of debate in the House of Lords on the Brexit Bill is likely to be the most important of this Parliament's two days of action.
The Garda Síochána (Irish police) will not be able to cope with an influx of new recruits, the Irish justice minister has said.
Alan Curtis has been a key part of Swansea City's rise from the fourth tier of English football to the Premier League for the better part of a decade.
Emre Can scored the goal of the match as Liverpool beat Watford to move up to second in the Premier League table.
A trial to find out if a drug could prevent children in Scotland developing type-1 diabetes is being launched.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house.
Flipkart, India's biggest online retailer, has raised $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) in a funding round led by Japan's Softbank.
The government has said the High Court ruling that Parliament must vote on whether the UK can start the process of leaving the EU is "unacceptable".
Police in Greece are investigating claims by the far-right Golden Dawn party that it was involved in an attack on a left-wing MP last month.
Alliance Trust has announced "some of the biggest changes in its history" as part of a major overhaul of the company.
More than 19 million people in China could be drinking contaminated water, according to a new study.
Chris Froome has apologised for the way Team Sky has been portrayed in the media following a series of "mistakes" made by the British cycling team.
A protest has taken place in Liverpool city centre against plans to set an "illegal budget" for the next three years.
An academy school in a Lancashire town is to close its sixth form next year, it has been announced.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he will not be distracted by the possibility of being selected for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand next year.
Scientists say they have developed a patch that could help save the lives of animals that have suffered heart attacks.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will not be rushed into signing a new contract with long-serving midfielder Peter Whittingham.
The Proms are back - and this year's line-up is even better than ever before.
President Barack Obama has told his successor he wants to visit Ireland, the Irish Secretary of State has said.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says Manchester United team-mate Paul Pogba "likes the pressure" of being compared to him on social media.
Northern Ireland's only trial of a new treatment for women diagnosed with cervical cancer is being trialled in England and Scotland.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must beat Slovenia if they are to have any chance of reaching the 2018 World Cup finals.
Early humans may have been living in the Americas for at least 130,000 years ago, according to a study published in the journal Nature.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce is set to make his first appearance of the season for a non-league club that has been dubbed the "worst in England".
The United Nations has said it would be "impossible" for the organisation to continue its peacekeeping missions, if US funding is cut.
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in the back of a car in North Lanarkshire have said they are following a number of lines of inquiry.
Most children in Finland are allowed to go out alone in their local area without supervision, according to a new study.
Six police officers are being investigated over the severed fingers of a man who lost three of his fingers in custody.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle ended Partick Thistle's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premiership with a comfortable victory at Firhill.
More than £3.9bn in unpaid child maintenance debts owed to single parents in England and Wales are "uncollectable", the government has revealed.
Russell Brand has deleted a Daily Mirror journalist's phone number after he tweeted it to him.
The Israeli general election campaign is one of the country's best-known and least-known spectacles.
Scottish football clubs are once again free of significant amounts of long-term bank debt, thanks to a deal struck between Aberdeen and Lloyds Bank.
An influential Chinese journalist has had her jail term reduced to five years after pleading guilty to leaking a secret document to a US news website, state media report.
The number of mental health patients being moved out of Cornwall to receive treatment in other parts of the country must end by 2020, a coroner has said.
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says taking charge of the club is the "biggest challenge in world football".
The number of plastic bottles dumped on UK beaches has risen by more than a third in a year, according to a new survey.
Portsmouth defender Jack Whatmough has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club, with the option of a further year.
James Graham says he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign.
Celebrity Big Brother drew an average of 2.1 million viewers when it returned to BBC One on Thursday, overnight figures have shown.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
Theresa May has announced plans to hold a second referendum on EU membership of the European Union, despite calls for the UK to remain part of the EU.
BHP Billiton and Vale, the owners of Brazil's Samarco mine, have reached a deal to settle some of the biggest claims related to the 2015 collapse of a waste dam.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its new overhead luggage bins, which it says will reduce headroom for economy passengers.
South Africa wrapped up a five-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the first one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
A 45-year-old man has been arrested as part of the Yewtree investigation, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Durham's Tom Latham hit his first County Championship century of the season but Tom Steel hit his maiden first-class century as Warwickshire dominated on day one at Chester-le-Street.
Championship side Norwich City have signed Tottenham striker Alex Pritchard for an undisclosed fee and goalkeeper Danny Jones on loan from Portsmouth.
It has been a day of mixed fortunes for the UK economy and the pound.
Two RUC officers who gave evidence at the inquest into the shooting of an IRA man in Londonderry may have attempted to conceal his identity, Justice John Horner has said.
The government has ordered an independent review into whether nursery staff should be trained in first aid following the death of a baby girl.
More than 300 Syrian refugees have been housed in Wales since the start of last year, Home Office figures have shown.
Andy Murray won his second Wimbledon title in a dramatic final against Milos Raonic in front of a capacity 90,000 fans on Centre Court.
An Edinburgh GP has admitted giving his wife a heroin overdose after she threatened to leave him if he failed to quit his addiction.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Yann Ogogo could be in contention for a place in the League One promotion play-off places after returning to full training.
Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage four of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome maintained his 100% record in the race for the Tour de France title.
Jordan Spieth will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the WGC-Cadillac Championship in Las Vegas.
The British Geological Survey (BGS) has said a sinkhole that has appeared in a town is likely to happen once every two to three years.
Former England wicketkeeper Graeme Swann says the spinners will pose a major threat to England's hopes of winning the limited-overs series in India.
Careers Wales staff are being asked to take voluntary redundancy in a bid to save £2.7m, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain won their third medal of the European Championships with silver in the mixed-team event, despite losing to Lithuania in the final of the men's foil.
Watford have signed Colombia international defender Diego Zuniga from Napoli for an undisclosed fee on a five-and-a-half-year deal.
As George Osborne sets out the government's spending plans for the next four years, we take a look back at the past spending reviews and how they have affected public services.
Daniel Craig is the "best actor to play James Bond", according to the actor who played the iconic role for more than 30 years.
Kent all-rounder Matt Northeast made his first Championship century of the season as Division Two promotion-chasing Essex were forced to settle for a draw at Canterbury.
Quebec City's Muslim community has been mourning the loss of six members of the same faith who were killed in an attack on a mosque on Sunday.
ITV has said it has contingency plans in place after more than 200 of its production staff voted to strike on Monday.
Glamorgan director of cricket Dougie Mott says his team have the potential to improve after a disappointing season last season.
Former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said in a speech at the Conservative Party conference on Wednesday that "prison works".
A woman has been found guilty of using children as "sexual playthings" in a "premeditated and organised approach" to abusing them.
The world’s oceans are on the brink of a mass extinction event, according to a new report.
So why is George Osborne sitting on a £23bn windfall in the back of the sofa?
More than 1,000 workers at Tata Steel's Shotton plant in Newport could lose their jobs, a union has said.
Australian police are investigating the discovery of a shallow grave containing the bodies of at least 55 greyhound puppies in Queensland.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston says speculation linking teenage defender Tony Watt with a move to Sunderland is "100% speculation".
Paul Daniels, who has died at the age of 79, was one of the UK's best-known magicians and one of its best known entertainers.
The cost of compensation paid to Southern rail passengers for delays and cancellations has risen by more than 50% in a year, according to new figures.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man whose body was found in woodland near the heathland where he was walking his two dogs have said they are "still keen to hear from more people".
An Australian politician has revealed he is taking leave from his job as a senator in Western Australia to deal with depression.
A council in Cumbria has become the first in the UK to ban staff from taking smoke breaks during work hours.
A student from Hertfordshire has described the horror of lying on the floor of the Bataclan theatre during the Paris terror attack.
England slumped to an innings-and-96-run defeat by Australia in the final Women's World Cup Test in Melbourne to lose the series 2-1.
Australian police are investigating whether a woman who died in Indonesia may have been poisoned after drinking a coffee laced with cyanide.
Nottingham Forest midfielder Oliver Burke has the potential to become a top-class player, according to former Scotland international goalkeeper Michael McGovern.
A man accused of murdering a woman whose body was found in a flat has appeared in court for the first time.
The Sri Lankan government has criticised the media for failing to report the suicide of a Buddhist monk who set himself on fire on Saturday.
A Japanese company has signed a deal to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
Scotland's only Labour MP has said it is time for a "new generation" to take the party forward.
Jurassic World, the new 3D dinosaur movie starring Chris Pratt, has topped the US and China box office chart on its opening weekend.
The family of an Australian woman arrested in Colombia after allegedly trying to smuggle cocaine worth $1.5m (Â£1.1m) into the country say she has been charged with drug trafficking.
Neymar scored his first goal of the season as Barcelona lost at home to Sevilla in La Liga for the first time this season.
Thieves have made off with a number of items worth an estimated £20,000 worth of items from a scrap yard in the Borders.
Neil Patrick Harris' opening speech at this year's Oscars was one of the most memorable moments of the ceremony, if not the whole thing.
The World Trade Organization (WTO) is an important part of the UK's trade relationship with the European Union.
It is 50 years since the first Action Man toys were released in the UK - and the toy is celebrating its 50th anniversary this weekend.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been unveiled in the Great Hall of the University of Bristol.
Scientists have found a way to control the fluid dynamics of a liquid glass "thread" like a sewing machine, so that they can 3D-print objects out of it.
Roger Federer dedicated his victory over Richard Gasquet in the semi-finals of the French Open to the home crowd after winning the men's singles for the first time in his career.
Snow and ice have caused disruption to travel in parts of Scotland, with the M8, the M77 and the A77 all closed due to accidents.
Blackpool goalkeeper Jamal Blackman made a string of fine saves as the League Two promotion hopefuls played out a goalless draw at home to Wycombe.
A man has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary-style attack on a house in west Belfast.
Two two-year-old girls in the US state of Oklahoma have been arrested after stealing their mother's car and driving it the wrong way along a rural road.
A man has been taken to hospital after being found seriously injured in an Edinburgh street.
The 70th anniversary of one of the worst aviation disasters of the 20th Century is being marked in the Isle of Man.
Conservative US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has returned to court for the first time in more than a decade to ask a question at oral arguments.
Opponents of gay marriage in the US state of California have filed a petition with the Supreme Court to have the state's ban on same-sex marriages lifted.
The Scottish finance secretary has been accused of "waffle" by opposition MSPs over how much information he will give them ahead of next year's budget.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown is to step down at the end of the season.
A group of amateur gravy wrestlers have taken to the ring in a two-minute contest in a bid to become the world's best.
Police investigating the murder of Kevin McGuigan Sr in north Belfast have said they are "open minded" about the possibility that Provisional IRA may have been involved.
Ross Kemp is to return to EastEnders to play the role of the character who played Peggy Mitchell in the final episodes of the BBC One soap.
Police in Northern Ireland are pursuing compensation claims against victims of car thefts and other crimes, the BBC has learned.
A woman whose dog bit a postman in Dumfries and Galloway has been warned by a sheriff that a second bite will bring "the destruction" of her pet.
"They are longing to stray, the vagabond shoes they are longing for... a little strong."
A memorial service has been held for the 130 people who died in the Paris attacks on 13 November, in which 129 people were killed.
A by-election will be held in a Scottish Borders seat following the resignation of the area's Conservative MP.
At least one person has been killed and several others injured in a train crash near the Belgian city of Leuven, near Brussels.
If you've ever wondered what it would be like to take a virtual tour of some of the world's most famous landmarks, then you might want to check out this new virtual reality experience.
An Australian golfer has said he is lucky to be alive after being attacked by a crocodile while playing at a golf course.
Bloomington, Indiana, the largest city in the US state of Indiana, is renaming Columbus Day and Good Friday to reflect the diversity of its workforce.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property market has fallen by more than 40% in the past year, according to a new report.
Jeremy Corbyn has used the character of Baldrick to poke fun at Theresa May's Brexit strategy during Prime Minister's Questions.
Warner Bros has announced plans to release a sequel to the hit Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them next year.
A man has been sentenced to two-and-a-half years in prison for his role in running the Silk Road 2.0 online drug marketplace.
A fox cub cub has been rescued after being found at a veterinary surgery in Dumfries.
Abdelhamid Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points win over Kazuto Muranaka.
Dario Fo, one of Italy's best-known playwrights, has died at the age of 88, his family has announced.
A newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being "archaic" after it was told it would not be allowed to film Theresa May's visit to a Cornwall factory.
Police are continuing to investigate the deaths of two women whose bodies were found at a flat in Glasgow.
Rangers owner Dave King's consortium has been re-elected to the club's board following an extraordinary general meeting in Glasgow.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
When Gemma Foster first appeared on Doctor Foster in 2012, actress Gemma Jones says she thought she'd "had it all" when she was asked to play the role of a woman going through a divorce in Mike Bartlett's drama.
Racist incidents at football matches in Wales have been reported to the Football Association of Wales and the Welsh Football Association.
A head teacher accused of secretly filming pupils at a primary school has been told by police that "additional victims" have been identified.
China has accused the US of "militarisation" of the South China Sea.
Thousands of people have turned out in Singapore for the annual Pink Dot gay rights rally, held on the eve of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Britain's economy is starting to look like a shark-infested seas ahead.
Bees and other insects thrive as well in urban areas as they do in farms and nature reserves, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to trace after a five-year-old girl was attacked by a dog in West Yorkshire.
Indonesian authorities say they have rescued more than 400 migrants who are believed to be Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar and Bangladesh.
A West Coast Railways company has been banned from operating on the main line after a series of "failing" incidents, the rail regulator has said.
So, yes, the Budget was a "big Budget".
South Korean carmaker Kia has been named the world's best-reliable brand in a new study.
Safid, a seven-year-old boy from Afghanistan, has been trying to get to the UK since he was five years old.
Politicians and commentators have been reacting to the results of the Northern Ireland Assembly election and the resignation of Northern Ireland Secretary of State Mike Nesbitt.
The number of reported hate crimes in Canada rose in 2015, according to the country's first official report on the issue.
Marussia driver Jules Bianchi was just 19 years old when he was killed in a high-speed crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in May 2014.
Voters go to the polls on Thursday 7 May to decide who will represent their views in the London Assembly election.
British Airways chief executive Ian Walsh has said Northern Ireland will benefit from a new air route development fund if the UK government abolishes air passenger duty.
A man has died after his car left the road and hit a sign on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Scientists at the University of Aberdeen have developed tests that can predict which types of blood cancer patients will benefit from different levels of treatment.
A cyclist has been killed in a crash at a junction on London's cycle superhighway, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
A US judge has ruled that the United States women's football team will not be able to go on strike after the team won the Women's World Cup in 2014.
A panda that was unable to leave a zoo in Belgium for more than two years after being diagnosed with rabies has been released back into the UK.
Gerry Anderson, one of Northern Ireland's best-known radio presenters, has been inducted into the Professional Radio Ireland (PPI) hall of fame.
When Xbox boss Phil Spencer announced the first details of the next generation of the Xbox One console at E3 last year, he didn't mince his words on virtual reality.
A man who is a sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook after a page about paedophiles was published on the social network.
When Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar in 2001, she dedicated her victory to "every nameless, faceless woman of colour who now has a chance".
BBC Newsnight has been following the latest developments in the migrant crisis in Europe, as the BBC's James Clayton travels to France to find out what's going on.
The Department of Education has appointed a three-man panel to investigate the running of De La Salle College in west Belfast.
Strictly Come Dancing winner Aliona Vilani has announced she is to leave the BBC One show after this year's series.
William Hague has visited Iraq's Kurdistan region for talks on how to tackle the threat of Islamic State militants in the country.
Gonzalo Higuain will only leave Napoli to join Arsenal if the Serie A club meets the Argentine striker's release clause of £85m, a Napoli source has said.
Iceland's parliament has passed a bill that would require companies to implement equal-pay laws for all employees.
Nigeria is marking the first anniversary of the abduction of more than 200 girls from a school in north-eastern Borno state.
A man is trying to break the world record for the fastest trolley in the world.
A boiler owner has lost a High Court bid to stop the publication of his details as part of the RHI scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe is to be cut by up to a third, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped outside a car outside the Henley Royal Regatta, police have said.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a one-year deal.
Bilkis Bano was 19 years old when she was gang raped and murdered during the 2002 Gujarat riots in the western Indian state of Gujarat.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he told his players not to play in Sunday's Premier League draw with Sunderland because they were "too tired".
Sir Elton John has said he is not surprised that myths about HIV are still widespread in Northern Ireland.
More than 1,000 EU citizens from non-UK countries have contacted the Electoral Commission to say they have been wrongly registered to vote in the EU referendum.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says he is hopeful that defender Bailey Wright will sign a new contract with the Championship club.
China appears to have deployed surface-to-air missiles to a disputed island in the South China Sea, according to reports from the US and Taiwan.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said Europe cannot rely on US President Donald Trump and UK Prime Minister Theresa May.
On Monday, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme published an article on the benefits of having a period, which included advice on how to deal with the pain of going to work when you're having one.
A new £1.5bn apprenticeship levy will be introduced next year, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
Two MPs have been ordered to pay damages to a man who claimed they knew about child sex abuse in Rotherham.
Kenyans have gone back to work after a one-day strike called by opposition leader Raila Odinga over the disputed presidential election.
Four people have been treated for smoke inhalation after a large gorse fire broke out in the middle of a Devon village.
It's that time of year when many of us will be jetting off on holiday for the summer.
Greece's former Prime Minister Lucas Papademos has been taken to hospital after a bomb exploded in the car he was travelling in in Athens, Greek media report.
The PSNI has said it is "appalled" by an attack on one of its officers in County Armagh.
Architecture won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Ascot for the second year in a row.
The lawyer for a man who was shot and killed by police as he sat in the back seat of a car with his three-year-old son in the front seat has said he has seen body-camera footage of the incident.
Scientists in the UK are implanting slugs in the size of a grain of rice with GPS trackers.
Denmark reached the Women's Euro 2017 final by beating Austria 3-0 on penalties after a goalless draw in the semi-final.
Scientists in Mexico have discovered the skeleton of a girl who lived in what is thought to be one of the earliest inhabitants of the Americas.
President Donald Trump's response to the Washington Post's report that he shared highly classified information with Russian officials has been a series of contradictory statements.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his players are determined to avoid relegation from the Premier League as they prepare for their next two games.
The first samples from the alleged chemical weapons attack on the rebel-held suburb of Ghouta in Syria last month are due to be sent to laboratories across the world for analysis, BBC News understands.
Smart glasses fitted with a 3D camera are to be given to blind and partially sighted people to use in their daily lives.
A Washington Post journalist has gone on trial in Iran on charges of spying and spreading "propaganda against the regime", state media report.
A colony of bee-eating sand martins has hatched at a quarry in West Yorkshire, the RSPB has said.
Sea otters have played a key role in boosting the health of seagrass beds along the coast of southern California, according to a new study.
A terminally ill man has begun a legal bid to change the law to allow assisted suicide in England and Wales.
A man who loaded drugs worth thousands of pounds worth of cocaine and cannabis into a wheelie bin and drove them to Northern Ireland has been jailed.
The Irish justice minister has apologised to relatives of infants who died at mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965.
When Raith Rovers coach Graham Nicholl led his players off the team bus at Hampden after winning the League Cup in a dramatic penalty shoot-out against Celtic, it was as if he knew exactly what was about to happen.
Physical education should be given the status of a core subject in Welsh schools, according to a new report.
Doctors trying to decide the future of sick baby Charlie Gard have asked the High Court for a fresh hearing into whether he should be allowed to die.
Outdoor learning should be part of the curriculum in all schools in England, according to a report published in the British Journal of Education.
Peter Moores has left his role as Lancashire head coach to take over as England Under-19s head coach, with ex-Lancashire team-mate Chris Chapple named as his successor.
A cricket fan who received a refund of £4.10 from England batsman Alex Hales after complaining about slow over rates during the third Test against South Africa has donated the money to charity.
A memorial to a teenager who died after falling into the River Aviemore is to be unveiled next year.
England have reached the Euro 2016 finals for the first time since they were knocked out of the World Cup at the last-16 stage in Brazil.
The father of a woman who was gang-raped in the Indian capital, Delhi, has said he wants the name of his daughter to be made public.
The war on drugs has been going on in the US for decades, but in recent years the number of people using the drug has gone down, and more and more countries are decriminalising possession of small amounts.
The RSPB has delayed the official opening of two new nature reserves in Oxfordshire due to flooding.
Police are investigating the disappearance of birds of prey from nests in a forest in the Highlands.
A Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court in connection with a counter-terrorism investigation.
The owner of a chain of high street coffee shops has announced plans to open its first coffee shop in the UK.
Manchester City have signed Manchester City defender Nicolas Otamendi from Atletico Madrid on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been jailed for eight years for killing a scooter rider who was knocked unconscious after urinating on his leg.
It's that time of year again - the day of the week when we call it Monday.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has warned that demand for oil may have peaked, as the price of the commodity continued to fall on Friday.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has a "burning desire" to remain in charge of the national team, says Football Association of Wales chief executive Martyn Roberts.
The world's oldest country, Norway, is the best place to be in your 60s and 70s, according to a new report.
Burton Albion have agreed a deal to sign Middlesbrough's England Under-20 international midfielder Ryan Shaw on loan until the end of the season.
Oscar-winning actor Michael B Jordan is to star alongside Lupita Nyong'o in the upcoming Black Panther film.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being hit by a car in North Ayrshire.
Four men have appeared in court charged with conspiracy to supply cocaine and cannabis with an estimated street value of more than £1m.
A man who murdered a Glasgow pensioner and hid his body in a wardrobe has been jailed for a minimum of 13 years.
The father of a soldier who died during an SAS selection exercise has told an inquest he did not realise his son had gone "off track" until it was almost time for the test to end.
Shaker Aamer is back in the UK.
Ronny Deila says his Celtic players looked "frightened and scared" as they lost to Malmo in the Champions League play-off round.
(Close): The FTSE 100 recovered from early falls to close the day's session higher, but shares in savings and loans group Halifax fell more than 7% after the company reported a 10% fall in annual profits.
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to tour manager Dennis Sheehan, who died after collapsing on stage during a concert in Los Angeles.
Kenny Shankland scored a hat-trick as Partick Thistle came from behind to beat Livingston in Scottish League One.
Northern Ireland footballer David McCourt has spoken of his devastation after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour just days before Euro 2016.
Activity in the UK's dominant service sector shrank at its fastest pace in more than two years in February, according to a closely-watched survey.
Two more former Rabobank traders have been charged in connection with the bank's alleged role in the rigging of the London inter-bank offered rate.
Chelsea Ladies took a big step towards the Women's Champions League quarter-finals with victory over Glasgow City in the first leg of their last-16 tie.
Uganda's Football Association (Fufa) has said it is committed to paying coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic his outstanding salary after the coach accused the country's governing body of failing to pay him.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate in the race for Ed Miliband's successor who would "break from the past" and "punch well above our weight".
US President-elect Donald Trump has congratulated the president of Taiwan on becoming the island's leader, in a break with decades of US protocol.
Harvard University has agreed to change the job titles of its house masters, after student protests over the use of the word "master".
Portugal reached the semi-finals of the Confederations Cup for the first time in their history with a 1-1 draw with Australia in Group B.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have begun bulldozing shacks set up by drug addicts in a public square in an area of the city known as "Crackland".
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness is to travel to Belgium and France later this month to mark the centenary of two of the biggest battles of World War One.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says his first season in charge of the Premier League's bottom club has taught him lessons he will use to improve next season.
Three-time Grand National winner Many Clouds died after suffering a haemorrhage following a race on Saturday, the British Horseracing Authority has said.
The January transfer window is officially open, but who has been the best January signing of the season so far?
The government's plan to recruit 30,000 Army reservists by 2019 has failed to hit its target of 82,000 by 2018, the BBC has learned.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he did not think his team were "ready, unbeatable" after winning the Community Shield and Europa League.
Fabio Capello's future as Russia head coach is under threat, according to reports.
Malta's spring bird-hunting season is killing birds of prey at a "desperate" rate, according to a conservationist.
A 15-year-old girl who was found lying in the street after being hit by a car has been taken to hospital in a critical condition.
Up to 70 jobs could go under plans to close a North Lanarkshire manufacturing plant and make 70 people redundant.
Defender Jonny Evans scored a stoppage-time winner as West Brom moved out of the Premier League relegation zone with victory over 10-man Stoke.
Plans to close one of Oxford city centre's busiest roads to vehicles in a bid to encourage more pedestrians and cyclists to use it have been criticised.
McDonald's is being accused of abusing its dominant market position by charging franchisees too much for their business, it has been claimed.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Sid Cowans has stepped down from his role as first-team coach at the Championship club.
In the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks in New York and London in 2001, Tony Blair issued a stark warning to his political opponents.
Crystal Palace ended Swansea City's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premier League by beating Hull City 4-1 at Selhurst Park on the final day of the season.
Bradford Bulls have said they will not be able to reach an agreement with Salford Red Devils by the end of the day on Friday.
Human remains found at the scene of the discovery of the remains of missing Edinburgh woman Louise Tiffney have been confirmed as those of the murdered woman.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Sweden's Martin Bjork share the lead after two rounds of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced that the US will pull out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
A woman who made a cake based on Jennifer Lawrence's character Katniss Everdeen has won a national award for the world's tiniest cake.
Amnesty International has criticised a deal between the EU and Turkey to end the migrant crisis in Europe, calling it a "cannabis-coated pill".
The Department of Justice (DoJ) has paid compensation to former pupils of a north Belfast primary school who were involved in one of Northern Ireland's most notorious riots.
An annotated edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany for the first time since the end of World War Two.
A new primary school in the Highlands has been forced to close after a hot water pipe burst above two classrooms.
First Minister Carwyn Jones wedi dweud wrth i'r Prif Weinidog Gwladol dros adael yr Eisteddfod yng Nghymru yn ymgyrchu i Brydain.
Carlos Tevez's proposed move from Manchester City to Corinthians has collapsed.
One of France's best-known singers has returned to the stage for the first time since he was convicted of murdering his lover in 2003.
Mae Team Sky wedi dweud ei'r Tour de France gael ei gyrraedd y terfyn yng Ngwlad Belg ddydd Llun, yn ôl Sir Geraint Thomas.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry are appealing for information about what may have happened to him.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Honolulu, Hawaii, to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor.
The UCI will investigate claims Team Sky used racist language during the Tour of France, the governing body has said.
Thousands of unlicensed drugs websites selling so-called "smart drugs" are being used as "cognitive enhancers" by university students, a regulator has warned.
European Union foreign ministers have agreed a plan to send EU troops to the Central African Republic (CAR) to help stabilise the country.
St Mirren have signed striker Scott Clarkson on loan from Dundee United until the end of the season.
Atletico Madrid moved up to second in La Liga as they came from behind to beat 10-man Valencia at the Nou Camp.
The Wales women's football team have arrived in France ahead of the Euro 2016 finals.
Wayne Rooney will play in his testimonial match for Manchester United against Aston Villa on 10 October on Facebook Live.
Egypt's new constitution has been approved by more than two-thirds of voters in a referendum, but the outcome of the vote has sparked debate in the country's newspapers.
A military plane that crashed in Myanmar's western state of Rangoon last month, killing all 15 people on board, was brought down by adverse weather conditions, investigators say.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to smuggle prescription drugs into the UK in what is thought to be the "most serious breach of the medicine control regime" in the EU.
The News Letter, the Irish News and the Belfast Telegraph lead Wednesday's papers with stories of the day's news in Northern Ireland.
Hogmanay is one of the biggest celebrations of the year, celebrating the start of the new year.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a 19-year-old man who was hit by a car in Kent.
Three black bears have been caught on camera playing with a piece of cheese at a safari park in the Czech Republic.
Historic Scotland has launched a search for the location of one of the most famous battles of the Roman Empire, known as the Battle of Mons Graupius.
Derry manager Joey Barton has said he was "shocked" by the "horrific" incident in which Brendan Rogers was injured in the McKenna Cup final win over Tyrone last month.
Heavy rain has continued to cause disruption across parts of England, with some parts of the country continuing to be affected by flooding.
US rapper Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video in which he appears to mock Donald Trump in a gun pose.
The world's first floating offshore wind turbines are being moved to their new home off the Aberdeenshire coast.
World number one Dustin Johnson says his golf swing is in "good shape" as he attempts to win a fourth consecutive PGA Tour title at the BMW Championship in North Carolina.
Newsweek has unveiled its final front cover, marking the end of the print edition of the US magazine.
Russia's economy shrank by 0.8% in the final three months of the year, according to official figures, as the rouble continued to slide.
Home Secretary Theresa May has told rank-and-file police officers the minimum sentence for murder should be increased to life without parole, in a speech to the Police Federation.
Campaigners from both sides of the EU referendum are focusing their efforts on the south Wales valleys and north Wales in the final days of the campaign.
A man who attacked a post office worker in an armed with a knife during an armed robbery in Aberdeenshire has been jailed for eight years.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder following an attack on a man in Denny.
Defender Kenneth Omeruo has pulled out of Nigeria's squad for the Rio 2016 Olympics because of a hamstring injury.
Defence Secretary Liam Fox has said the Royal Navy's helicopter carrier HMS Ocean will be withdrawn from service in 2014, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
The EY Item Club has slashed its growth forecasts for the UK economy in the wake of the vote to leave the European Union.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa defender Jake Mason and Chelsea midfielder Tom Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he will not "stand back" when there is "justice in the workplace or the boardroom" as he told the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) conference.
A report has cleared former Garda Commissioner (Irish police) Ronan Callinan and former justice minister Alan Shatter of any wrongdoing.
The average length of detention at the only immigration removal centre in England and Wales has increased five-fold in a year, a report has found.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he is "frustrated" by the disappointment of missing out on a third straight Six Nations Grand Slam as he prepares for his side to face Ireland on Saturday.
"Monty, Monty... Monty!"
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte may appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in Wednesday's FA Cup win over Peterborough United.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry on the M6 in Staffordshire.
Manager Mark Warburton wants Nottingham Forest to trim their squad in the January transfer window in the hope of having a smaller squad next season.
The makers of the popular mobile game Pokemon Go have released a new app to coincide with the release of the game in the US.
A man has been found guilty of dragging a 72-year-old man along the driveway of his home in a stolen car.
The value of international students studying in Scotland is worth about £1.1bn a year to the Scottish economy, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC.
Derry City suffered their first defeat in the Premier Division of the season as they were beaten 2-1 by Linfield at Finn Park.
The number of secondary school places available in England's local authorities is set to double in the next five years, the Local Government Association has warned.
A £50m link road linking Cardiff Bay and the east of the city will officially open later this week.
On the eve of the second "Day of Rage" protest in Cairo, hundreds of people gathered outside the Giza mosque where the opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei was due to give a speech.
Hollywood actress Vicky McClure has revealed she was thrown off a tram named after her after being mistaken for a fare evader.
The mother of a man who stalked singer Lily Allen has spoken of her "horrific" experience after he was found guilty of stalking the singer.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) in Sussex has said she wants to look at the possibility of bringing East and West Sussex fire services under the same authority.
A Dumfries and Galloway-based food manufacturer is to invest £3.5m in a new factory which will create up to 100 new jobs.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow city centre.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Serbian Football Association and the Football Association of England following the 2012 European Under-21 Championship play-off second leg in Belgrade.
Johnny Depp has been accused of spending more than $100m (£77m) on properties in the past three years, according to lawyers representing his management team.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as the county's new head coach.
The Church in Wales' longest-serving bishop has said he is retiring from public life because he wants to "leave the field clear".
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said he wants Wales to be "central to the debate" on the future of the UK after the Scottish independence referendum.
League One side Rochdale have signed Manchester City centre-back Luke Murphy on loan until the end of the season.
Tom Quigley scored a stunning late winner as Torquay United saw off Livingston to reach the second round of the League Cup.
A Conservative council in Surrey has proposed a 15% increase in council tax next year, in a bid to cover the cost of adult social care and children's services.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to issue a "comprehensive" list of companies that will be banned from sending money from the country to Somalia.
League Two strugglers Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from the Football League for the first time in their history after losing 2-1 to Leyton Orient.
Unemployment in the eurozone has risen to its highest rate in more than two years, according to official figures from the EU's statistics agency Eurostat.
A Russian warship tracked a Dutch submarine as it sailed close to a Russian aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean Sea, the Russian military has said.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is fully committed to staying at Pittodrie despite interest from Rangers.
Bradford has been named the "curry Capital of Britain" for the second time in three years, after winning the competition in 2011 and 2012.
One Direction's new single Drag Me Down has gone straight to the top of the UK singles chart, peaking at number one in its first week.
Up to 20,000 Syrians displaced by the war in their home country have gathered at a border crossing between Turkey and Syria, the UN says.
Mexico's Interior Secretary Francisco Blake Mora has died in a helicopter crash near the capital, Mexico City, officials say.
Kenya has gone to the polls to elect a new government, five years after violence marred the last election in the country.
Linfield will host Celtic in the Champions League second round qualifier at Mourneview Park on 12 and 13 July.
Bristol Airport is to close for several weekends in October and November to allow engineers to carry out a major refurbishment of the runway.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was stabbed in the back of the head, police have said.
Tributes have been paid to Carmen Beckford, the first black woman to receive an MBE, who has died at the age of 91.
Derby County have signed defender Scott Davies from Hull City for an undisclosed fee.
Celebrity book clubs are back - but what do they have in common with the old-fashioned book clubs of yesteryear?
Former Republic of Ireland rugby player David Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed New Zealand back row Nic White and Jersey captain Nic Freeman for the 2017-18 season.
Burundi is one of the poorest countries in Africa, with an average annual income of just under $1.5m (Â£1.1m), according to the United Nations.
The health minister has said he is willing to speak to the families of patients and staff at a Denbighshire hospital at the centre of an alleged abuse scandal.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Scotland head coach Gordon Strachan remains in charge of the national team.
The RMT union has said it will stage a strike on Merseyrail on the day of the Grand National in a row over the timing of a planned strike on Southern rail.
Thousands of women and girls have attended a concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, by Afghan singer-songwriter Nadia Sayeed, despite death threats.
A woman has been stopped by police on the M1 in Suffolk after driving the wrong way along the carriageway of the motorway.
The Cultural Olympiad, the UK's contribution to the London 2012 Olympics and Paralympics, was a "game-changer", according to a new report.
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury.
Jordan Raggett scored the only goal of the game as National League promotion hopefuls Dover Athletic came from behind to beat struggling Welling United.
(Close): Wall Street markets fell on Tuesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500 edging lower.
The number of potholes in Northumberland's roads is expected to double in the next few months, the county council has said.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a flat in Essex.
Police in Italy are searching for a man suspected of shooting at a group of nudists on a popular beach in the north-eastern region of Umbria.
China's Prime Minister Li Keqiang has made an impassioned plea for women to shave their armpits.
A Welsh adventurer has ended his attempt to become the first person to take samples from the summit of Mount Everest.
Thousands of people have protested in the Egyptian cities of Cairo and Alexandria against the controversial transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia last month.
Sportswear retailer Sports Direct has said the pound's fall of about 5% against the dollar will have a "negative impact" on its results.
Ed Sheeran has taken to the road for the first time in a Top Gear car.
Former UK Prime Minister Nigel Farage is to join Fox News as a commentator on both Fox News and Fox Business Network.
Waiting lists for heart and knee surgery in Wales are "close to collapse", surgeons have warned.
A former member of staff at a Cardiff mosque has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing young girls.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Nottingham Open with a straight-set win in the third round.
Zheng He, one of China's most famous seafarers, is about to get a new lease of life.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says he would like to see flanker Oliver Griffiths earn a Wales call-up for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.
Formula 1 track Silverstone has announced it will end its contract to host the British Grand Prix after the 2019 season.
The writing desk used by Charles Dickens when he wrote his final novel, Our Mutual Friend, is to go on public display for the first time after being bought by a museum.
Egypt's highest court has suspended the formation of a constitutional assembly to draft a new constitution, after complaints from secularists and human rights groups.
Fifa has passed a new law which will mean players will not be allowed to wear slogans on their undergarments.
What do you do if you want to be a professional off-spinner?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its plans to investigate Apple over alleged tax avoidance.
Great Britain women's women's hockey team has been named in the 23-strong squad for the Rio Olympics, while the men's squad has been announced.
Plans to turn derelict buildings into new homes and boost town centre regeneration in north Wales have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
The House of Commons has launched a new website to allow people to sign and submit e-petitions for debate in Parliament.
J Craig Venter is one of the most controversial figures in the history of science.
A "black alert" has been declared at Truro's Royal Cornwall Hospital due to a shortage of beds.
Great Britain's winning start to the Rugby World Cup came to an end as Japan came from behind to draw with Great Britain in the final match of Pool C.
Theresa May's surprise announcement that she will be standing in the UK general election on 8 June may have surprised some in the European Union.
A man and woman have pleaded guilty at Londonderry Magistrates' Court to the rape and sexual abuse of a woman in the grounds of Maghaberry Prison.
The Scottish government has announced a £12.5m fund to help train people who have lost their jobs in the oil and gas industry.
Plans to build a £1.5m cycle centre in Newport have been given the go-ahead, Welsh Cycling has announced.
A man has been robbed at knifepoint of a cash box in a "terrifying ordeal" outside a supermarket in Glasgow.
The chief executive of Celtic Energy has defended the company's decision not to help pay for the cost of cleaning up two of its former mines in Gwynedd, he has said.
Mae'r tân bellach yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn wedi dweud ei ddifrodi ymhellach gan storm Doris.
Jose Mourinho's return to Stamford Bridge ended in defeat as Chelsea returned to winning ways on his first match in charge of Manchester United.
When the hit Channel 4 show Skins came to an end last year, it was one of the most talked about shows of the year.
Police Scotland's most senior officer has defended the use of armed officers following criticism from MSPs.
Japan has become the first country in the G20 major economies to borrow money for 10 years at a cost of less than zero.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the attempted rape of a 15-year old girl in a park.
Robert Carlyle's first feature as a director will open this year's Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A new female osprey has laid her first egg at a Scottish nature reserve.
The outgoing president of the European Commission has told the BBC that Britain would be "stronger in the European Union" without the EU.
Growth in global energy demand slowed to its slowest pace in three years last year, according to a new report.
A new national standard for infant cremations could be in place as soon as the end of the year, the justice minister has said.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may not play again this season, says director of rugby Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new president, in a vote seen as a referendum on the country's ties with Russia.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he will only commit to the League Two club until the end of the season.
Gwynedd council has said it will consult with community councils in parts of Gwynedd over the use of the name Traeth Morfa Bychan.
The family of a 19-year-old British backpacker who has been missing in Thailand for two weeks have appealed for help to find her.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "politics of the gutter" over immigration.
The head of Queen's University in Belfast has said Northern Ireland needs to make "critical decisions" about the future of higher education.
Dog owners in a Hampshire town are being fined for walking more than four dogs at the same time.
Victims of child abuse at Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast are to have their case heard in court in Belfast later.
Three British tourists who survived the 7.8-magnitude earthquake in Nepal have arrived back in the UK.
Wales men's and women's hockey teams have reached the top tier of European competition for the first time, says head coach Paul Clements.
Donegal's Oisin MacNiallais scored two second-half goals as Rory Gallagher's men beat 10-man Fermanagh 2-13 to 0-13 in the Ulster SFC quarter-final at Croke Park.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic says striker Chris Martin will stay at Craven Cottage and will not be sent back to Derby County.
Uganda's Mubende gold mine is one of the country's most notorious examples of illegal mining, where thousands of people have been living in squalid shanty towns in the hills above the town of Mubende.
Chancellor George Osborne has abandoned his target of returning the UK government to a budget surplus by 2020.
Sepp Blatter will step down as Fifa president on Friday as the organisation meets in Zurich to elect a successor.
Three burglars who attacked a university lecturer in the face during a raid on his home have been jailed.
Leeds Rhinos will play Hull FC in the Million Pound Game semi-finals.
More than 1,000 taxi drivers with criminal convictions have been granted licences in Scotland in the past year, according to new figures.
John Cleese's new comedy tour has opened to a mixed reviews from critics, with one describing it as "a lecture tour more than a show".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Dean Macheda on a season-long loan deal.
The BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been investigating the people smuggling of migrants from Bangladesh to Malaysia for the past two years.
A woman has captured a stunning time lapse of the Northern Lights over Scrabster Harbour in the Highlands.
A former Sussex Police community support officer who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Gatwick Airport has been jailed for six years.
Hong Kong's first ultramarathon has taken place, despite criticism of the "monotonous" course.
An Anglesey-based logistics company is to close its distribution centre and support office, with the loss of more than 50 jobs.
In the past few years, Africa has seen a huge growth in the use of smartphones and tablets, but is the continent's education sector catching up with the digital revolution?
A Perthshire woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from her mother's bank account.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Friday after the release of a better-than-expected jobs report, sending the Dow Jones index to a record high.
There is a big debate about how many nurses are working in the NHS in England, and how many are actually on the register.
The closure of the historic Austin's department store in Londonderry has left staff and customers devastated.
Mobile phone network Three has become the first UK operator to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling outside the European Union.
Thai police investigating the murder of two British tourists have said they have found no evidence to link two British suspects to the crime.
Boris Johnson has told the BBC it is "up to someone else" to lead the UK out of the European Union.
The idea of a virtual doctor - a doctor in the UK helping a patient thousands of miles away in Zambia - may sound like something straight out of a sci-fi movie.
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death after being hit by a car in Manchester have paid tribute to a "contemplative and caring son".
David Thirlwell may seem like the kind of person who would love to be in charge of a chocolate business.
The US has confirmed that Osama Bin Laden's body has been buried at sea in the Arabian Sea, in accordance with Islamic law.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, with mining shares helping to lift the index higher.
The trial of prominent republican Thomas 'Slab' Murphy has begun in Dublin.
Millions of small and medium-sized firms are to get tax relief of up to £6,000 a year, the chancellor has announced.
Wales winger Scott Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to make an appearance at this summer's Rugby World Cup, according to ex-Wales captain Gareth James.
Nottinghamshire have signed Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago have said they have made a "ground-breaking" breakthrough in the hunt for her killer.
National League side Aldershot Town have signed midfielder Callum McGinty on a permanent deal after he was released by Bury.
British gymnast Aneurin Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a training accident.
Clashes have broken out between Palestinian protesters and Israeli troops in East Jerusalem and the West Bank, hours after Israel lifted restrictions on access to the al-Aqsa mosque compound.
Booking.com, the world's biggest online travel booking website, is facing a possible €356m (Â£294m; $365m) fine from the French government over its tax affairs.
Ride-sharing service Uber has accused the city's transport authority of not doing enough to protect the interests of the public.
Australia's Cadel Evans won the Tour de France for the third time in four years with victory in the final time-trial of the 20th stage.
Nigeria's army has detained at least 20 children, the UN says, in what is believed to be the first such case of its kind.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Murray has reached the final of the women's individual 100m freestyle at the British Championships for the first time in her career.
US carmaker Hyundai has offered to extend loans and lease payments to federal employees who have lost their jobs due to the partial US government shutdown.
A British photographer has called on Taylor Swift to "do the right thing and change her music-streaming company's photo rights policy after the singer accused it of "giving away" her work for free.
A father who won a legal battle against a council for taking his daughter on holiday during term time has raised more than Â£1,000 for legal costs.
The Kentucky clerk who refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples has been ordered to appear in court next week to face a contempt of court charge.
For many countries, the idea of winning a Paralympic medal is simply not in the cards.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been criticised by the Police Federation (PFNI) for failing to hold its officers to account.
Scotland's local authorities have cut their spending on school crossing patrol services by more than a third in the last three years, according to new figures.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index fell for a second day in a row as the yen strengthened against the dollar after the US rate rise and shares in Toshiba fell.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced that Transport for London (TfL) fares will be frozen until 2020.
Former Scottish National Party leader Alex Salmond has said the campaign to keep the pound was "flawed" during last year's independence referendum.
A rare piece of opal worth hundreds of thousands of dollars has gone on public display in South Australia for the first time.
A mudbank in the English Channel has been covered in mud for more than 200 years, but what do you know about it?
The BBC has been marking News Day for the fifth year in a row, with a series of special stories from the BBC School Report team.
Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of "breaking a constitutional principle" by publicly criticising Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's stance on Trident.
Edward Enninful is to become the new editor of British Vogue, Condé Nast has announced.
A machine that can tell you whether your favourite Thai food is good or bad has gone on show in Bangkok.
The use of smacking children should be banned in Scotland and the rest of the UK, according to a new report.
Cornish Pirates head coach Rob Paver says he was concerned about the fitness of young player Jack Chapman before he signed for the Championship club.
Newcastle United moved off the bottom of the Championship table with victory over Aston Villa, who remain without a league win this season.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton says he has "no doubt" Brendan Rodgers is the right man to succeed him as Celtic manager.
The partner of a transgender woman who was found dead in a prison cell has said a letter in which she said she wanted to "go home" should have been given to prison officials.
Thailand has been downgraded by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to address concerns over its aviation safety.
The first reviews of the new Ghostbusters film have been overwhelmingly positive, despite the fact that it has received a "mean-spirited" online backlash.
A woman who died after a two-car crash in the Scottish Borders has been named by police.
Buy-to-let landlords will have to pay a higher stamp duty surcharge from next year, the chancellor has announced in the Autumn Statement.
The M8 motorway in Perthshire has reopened after being closed for several hours following a fire on the carriageway.
A project to transform a quarry into a museum has been awarded a £1.5m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF).
The Isle of Man government has said it is "concerned" about the safety of the Sellafield nuclear reprocessing plant.
New signing Bruno Imbula scored on his Premier League debut as Stoke City ended a run of three straight defeats with victory at Bournemouth.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child has said he has had "no justice" after a police investigation into allegations against a man he claims abused him.
Oldham Athletic have become the first League One side to offer free entry for fans to watch their home game against Brentford on New Year's Day.
Protests have broken out in the Indian city of Bangalore against the arrest of the French ambassador to India over allegations of the rape of a child.
Laura Trott won Great Britain's second gold medal of the Para-cycling World Championships with victory in the women's scratch.
A man accused of attempting to murder a police officer has said he is "totally innocent" of all charges, a court has heard.
The US has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) targets in Syria, the Pentagon has announced.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter flying over Glasgow has been jailed for shining the beam into the cockpit.
China's exports rose at their fastest pace in two years in February, official figures have shown, helped by a surge in exports to the United States.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the most valuable player in NBA history after passing 10,000 points for his career.
A man has gone on trial accused of raping two girls in the 1980s and 1990s.
The story of the assassination of Nazi SS chief Reinhard Heydrich has been made into a film, but how did it begin?
A chronology of key events:
Six Australian swimmers have admitted taking the prescription drug Stilnox as part of a "bonding exercise" before the London 2012 Olympics.
The funeral of Coronation Street creator Anthony Warren has taken place at St Paul's Cathedral in Manchester.
Fiji, the Pacific nation of Viti Levu and Vanua Levu, is one of the most prosperous countries in the Western Hemisphere.
The Scottish government has said it is "sorry" a £10bn investment deal with a Chinese consortium has collapsed months after it was signed by Nicola Sturgeon.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in a Denbighshire nest, prompting a police investigation.
Scottish ministers are visiting members of the European Economic Area (EFTA) in an attempt to find out more about how it works, BBC Scotland understands.
Three Russian opposition activists have gone on hunger strike after being barred from next month's regional elections.
Somerset made a strong start to their County Championship Division Two match against Hampshire at Taunton.
South Africans are debating whether or not to remove Christmas Day from the calendar of national holidays.
Three men are to be reported to prosecutors after a nativity doll was stolen from a display outside a church in Edinburgh.
Nigeria's main opposition party has won a record number of governorships in the first elections since military rule ended last year.
Everton Football Club have announced plans to build a new stadium at Stanley Park in north-west Liverpool and a new training ground at Goodison Park.
Carlos Tevez has completed his move to Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A public clothing order has been issued to "rambling naked" pensioner John Gough.
The appeal to raise funds to restore Glasgow School of Art's (GSA) fire-damaged Mackintosh building has received a further donation of £250,000.
Fabio Bonatini scored the only goal of the game as Wolves began their Championship campaign with victory over Middlesbrough at Molineux.
Premiership strugglers Bristol have suspended head coach Andy Robinson and replaced him with assistant boss Mark Tainton.
Mae'r Scarlets wedi dweud wrth i gêm ymlaen yn ymchwarae ei gwaharddiad yn dilyn penderfyniad mewnwr Gareth Davies gyda'r ymddangos am y 150fed tro i'r Saracens, yn ôl ym mis Chwefror pan enillodd y Scarlets.
Cloud computing, or "cloud computing" as it's more commonly known, is a word that conjures up images of fluffy, cloud-like things.
Iceland, Cyprus and the Republic of Ireland have been at the heart of Europe's financial crisis since the collapse of the Icelandic banking system in 2008.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for being so welcoming to him and his family during a visit to the island.
In the space of a few days, Mexican journalists have been shot dead in their own homes.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC, Taco Bell and Taco Bell restaurants, has reported better-than-expected quarterly profits, helped by strong sales in China.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, it has been announced.
The US House of Representatives has pulled a vote on President Donald Trump's healthcare bill, hours before it was due to begin.
The Clooney family have released their first statement on the birth of their babies - and it's not what you might expect.
An investigation is under way after a poster offering advice on how to deal with insurance claims following the Grenfell Tower fire in London was posted in the aftermath of the blaze.
Levels of violence at HMP Bristol Prison have risen to "considerable higher than in similar prisons", according to an inspection report.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is facing a $25 (Â£17.5m) lawsuit alleging that it is violating a law requiring it to offer free admission to the public.
Hillary Clinton has responded to Bernie Sanders' accusation that she is not a progressive by saying she will be a "progressive president".
Alloa Athletic have appointed head coach Graham Ross as their new head coach after agreeing a three-year contract with the Scottish Championship strugglers.
US President Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" if he will be able to get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says young defender Alfie Mawson has the potential to become a top Premier League defender.
Plans to dig a quarry on an ancient woodland in Kent are the "largest threat to a single ancient woodland site in England", a conservation charity has said.
Snorkelling is among the activities taking place at the Great British Bog Games in Denbighshire.
Former NFL quarterback Johnny Manziel is to face a charge of assaulting his ex-girlfriend in 2014, according to reports.
Scotland's first minister has said she does not expect a second independence referendum to be held this year.
A Liverpool fan has told the Hillsborough inquests a police officer asked him to change his statement after he tried to save a boy who had collapsed on the pitch.
An investigation into allegations of "serious and persistent" misconduct in the Avon Fire and Rescue Service is to be carried out, the chairman of Avon and Somerset's Conservative MP has said.
European stock markets have ended a week of volatility in which has seen the FTSE 100 share index close higher for the first time in three days.
Kimi Raikkonen headed team-mate Nico Rosberg in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The repair work to fix a fault on the Forth Road Bridge should be completed in time for the festive season, the transport secretary has said.
An investigation has been launched into the finances of a hospital trust after a £7.8m overspend last year.
More than 1,000 cigarettes with an estimated street value of £10,000 have been found dumped on a road in Dorset.
Comedian Caroline Toksvig has said she would like to see more female presenters on quiz shows, despite the BBC's all-male panel ban.
An investigation into the crash of a helicopter in Norway last year in which 11 people died has found evidence of fatigue in parts of the gearbox.
The number of people visiting the towns and cities of the Scottish Borders has shown a mixed picture, according to new figures.
Victims of domestic abusers are to be offered help in therapy as part of a new scheme designed to hold perpetrators of domestic violence to account.
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles is set to make his Wales debut after Hallam Amos was ruled out for the rest of the Six Nations.
Anthony Joshua has the "chink in his armour" to beat Wladimir Klitschko and become undisputed heavyweight champion of the world, says former world champion Lennox Lewis.
Blackpool's owners are taking legal action against fans of the club over comments made on a fan forum.
A man who died after his car crashed into a tree in East Lothian has been named by police.
Derry fought back from seven points down to beat Mayo in extra-time and win the Ulster Under-21 Football Championship for the first time in the club's history.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith for showing the courage to continue playing through injury.
Jonathan Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike Championship by finishing second to Chaz Davies in race two at Aragon.
More than a quarter of independent school pupils in England received extra time to sit exams last year because of special needs or disabilities, figures suggest.
New York Giants have held a trial for South Sydney Rabbitohs centre Joe Burgess, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
Doncaster Rovers maintained their 100% start to the League Two season with a hard-fought win at Stevenage.
Nepal is one of the poorest countries in the world when it comes to citizenship, according to a United Nations report, which highlights the problem of children born to inter-marriages between Nepali citizens and foreigners.
Super League leaders Castleford came from behind to beat St Helens and extend their lead at the top of the table to seven points.
Manchester United's season is hanging in the balance after a 2-1 defeat at West Ham left them just one win away from Champions League football next season - but they will have to wait until the final day of the Premier League season to find out if they can reach the Champions League group stages.
Germany will host the Grand Depart of the Tour de France for the first time in 30 years in Berlin in 2017.
A mental health watchdog has raised "serious concerns" about "significantly poor care" at a mental health unit in Edinburgh.
Eight people have been charged in connection with an alleged £1m human trafficking ring, police have said.
A lawyer for former Guatemalan military leader Efrain Rios Montt has been killed in a drive-by shooting, officials say.
Ralph Chartoff, the Oscar-winning producer of the Rocky films, has died at the age of 83.
The 50th anniversary of England's 1966 World Cup final victory over West Germany has been marked with a special ceremony in London.
The Mayor of London has launched a new online hate crime unit to help victims of online abuse.
How often do you wish you could appear to be somewhere else on the internet?
Carlsberg, the Danish brewer, has reported a 13% fall in sales in the first half of the year, with sales in Ukraine down by more than a quarter.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos are making a fresh appeal for information more than 20 years after he went missing.
Driving licence examiners and coastguard staff are to stage a series of one-day strikes in a dispute over plans to close offices and make changes to services.
Cambridge United and 10-man Carlisle United played out a goalless draw at Brunton Park.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The owners of Kent's Manston Airport are to take legal advice about the timing of the government's decision to back plans to buy the site.
In a dark corner of the University Hospital of the Central African Republic (CAR) in Bambari, in the north-east of the country's second city of Bangui, doctors are working hard to save the lives of women and children who have been caught up in the violence of the past month.
Two-time world champion Carl Froch says he wants to return to the ring next year and regain his WBA and IBF super-middleweight titles.
Peter Quince, the MP for Colchester, has made a passionate defence of regional theatres in the House of Commons during a debate on the future of the arts.
A tropical storm has formed over the Atlantic Ocean and is expected to reach the Azores later this week, forecasters say.
The Queen has promised a "strong and lasting" devolution settlement for Wales in the Queen's Speech.
Glasgow Warriors lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with the Pro12 club, which will keep him at Scotstoun until the end of next season.
A speaker in a car was used as a "speaker box" to conceal heroin with a street value of £1m, a court has heard.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food at least once in the past year, according to a report.
The number of child asylum seekers coming into the care of a Kent council has risen by more than 30% in the past year, with some being placed in residential care.
Rugby union players are to get a new three-year contract worth up to £1.5m a year from next season, according to the Rugby Players' Association's Matt Hopley.
A furniture shop owner has been jailed for eight years for money laundering and growing cannabis plants worth thousands of pounds.
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a 6-foot-long (2.2m) rattlesnake that escaped from a bungalow in Tallahassee.
The Football Association's Disciplinary Committee has upheld a three-match ban given to Glenavon's Mark Novo following the 1-1 draw with Glentoran in the Irish Cup second round.
The bodies of two men who died in a plane crash have been recovered from a farmer's field.
Kent were made to to follow on at Northamptonshire as they were bowled out for 172 on the opening day of their Division Two match.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of spreading "terrorist propaganda" has begun in Egypt, with the defence lawyers complaining of poor quality video evidence.
The UK's Supreme Court is to hear whether the government can be sued over claims it helped to arrange the rendition of terror suspects.
A woman who lost her passport after her grandfather died in a plane crash in New Zealand has called for the UK Border Agency (UKBA) to speed up the process of renewing her visa.
A man has been found not guilty of attempted murder after admitting stabbing a Muslim man on a train but claiming he was trying to "save humanity".
Parts of Scotland have been hit by flooding and landslips after three days of heavy rain.
The Welsh Government has expressed "concern" over plans to cut about 27 jobs at BBC Studios in Wales.
Puffin Diddy has topped a list of the best-selling records of the 1960s, which also includes a record by The Beatles.
Ian Hutchinson has been taken to hospital after suffering a fractured leg in a crash during a race at the Isle of Man TT on Sunday.
Theresa Warsi has been one of the most powerful figures in the Conservative Party in recent years.
Novak Djokovic was knocked out of the men's doubles at the Olympic Games for the second time in a week as he lost in the quarter-finals.
A former CIA station chief who was jailed in Italy for his role in the kidnapping and torture of a terror suspect has been extradited from Panama to the US.
Anthony Milkins says winning his first match of the season has lifted him out of a "rut" after he reached the second round of the UK Championship.
Irish police investigating the murder of Irish boxer Gerard Byrne have carried out a major search operation in Dublin.
A new artificial football pitch has been unveiled ahead of the Champions League final.
The Newport Ship is to be moved to a new home at a National Museum of Wales facility in Nantgarw, it has been announced.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has been charged in connection with an alleged assault on a female reporter.
A company has been fined £20,000 after a man was crushed to death when two coal pallet stacks fell on top of him.
More than 1,500 tenants in Southampton are living in unlicensed homes, a council has said.
Pepper, the humanoid robot that has become a global hit, is to be deployed in two Belgian hospitals.
Malnutrition is the leading cause of death in the NHS, according to the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has said a planned march by ex-soldiers in Londonderry is an "act of pure provocation".
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country, promising to create jobs and boost exports.
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has appeared before the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) disciplinary panel for failing to appear at a hearing on Tuesday.
Human bones have been found near a house in East Lothian where the remains of a woman's body have been discovered.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson is hopeful the League One strugglers' transfer embargo will be lifted next week.
A tipper truck has crashed into the front of a house, causing the roof to collapse.
Mohamed Elyounoussi scored twice as Northern Ireland lost 3-0 to Norway in their World Cup qualifier at Windsor Park.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen during her visit to Moscow.
The man who was shot dead at a house party in Surrey has been named by police as 24-year-old James Hunter.
David Cameron has said the UK has reached a "historic" deal to stay in the European Union, after the prime minister secured a package of reforms in Brussels.
The Welsh Government is to launch a consultation on a new youth travel pass for further education students and apprentices.
A woman who stole more than £600,000 from her employer has been ordered to repay the money.
Aberdeen and London-based oil services company Aker Solutions has announced plans to cut hundreds of jobs as part of a global reorganisation.
The UK's tax authorities could be given new powers to tackle the so-called "hidden economy", the government has said.
Do you know what happens when you search for treasure in the back of a lorry?
A song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple has gone viral on social media, with more than 44m views in less than 24 hours.
A rugby player who collapsed and bled to death after being hit in the head during a match had suffered two concussions earlier that year, an inquest has heard.
Claudio Ranieri's first Premier League match in charge of Leicester City ended in a goalless draw against Southampton at King Power Stadium.
Subway Art by Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant is published by Thames & Hudson, and marks the 30th anniversary of their first meeting.
Lithuania's Football Association has been charged by Uefa after crowd trouble marred England's Euro 2016 qualifier against them in Vilnius.
Newport County chairman Alan Foxall says the club are confident they will be able to continue playing at Rodney Parade next season.
Paul Lawrie says he will have surgery on his foot next year as he continues to struggle to regain his top-10 status.
A man who posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" of two women on a website encouraging other men to have sex has been given a 12-month community order.
The Republic of Ireland's embassy in the United States raised concerns about The Quiet Man in the 1950s over fears it would be seen as a "rollicking farce" by Irish-Americans, newly released documents have revealed.
Three men have been jailed for their part in a £800,000 drugs operation in Bridgend county.
Australian police are investigating the murder of a prominent Australian lawyer who had represented a number of high-level organised crime clients.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player Danny Flower, who has been suspended for punching a player.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged by a leading human rights campaigner to close the country's controversial offshore migrant detention camps.
A man in a mobility scooter had to be rescued by police after he got stuck in the back of a car on a motorway.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened South Sudan's first official football stadium, the National Stadium, on his 46th birthday.
Shay Logan says he signed a new deal at Aberdeen because of the support of manager Derek McInnes.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to mark the centenary of the Battle of Passchendaele.
Director Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account, days after receiving thousands of abusive messages from fans calling him sexist and misogynistic.
The Organisation for the Liberation of Children's Computers (OLPC) has been awarded a $1.5m (£1.1m) grant to develop a tablet version of its XO laptop.
US car owners will soon be able to modify their vehicles' software without violating copyright laws, the US Library of Congress has said.
American Jason Bohn is in a stable condition in hospital after suffering a mild heart attack during the third round of the Honda Classic in Florida.
Australia reached the Women's World Twenty20 final for the first time in their history with an eight-wicket victory over England in the semi-final in Kolkata.
Oil prices have fallen for the second day in a row after the price of US crude fell below $40 a barrel for the first time in two years.
The Soloist building in Belfast city centre has been sold.
When German Chancellor Angela Merkel meets US President Barack Obama in Washington this week, it will be the first face-to-face meeting between the leaders of the US and Russia.
Jason Day won his first PGA Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill.
In the afternoon sunshine, the trees in Malakal, in South Sudan's north-east, cast a golden glow across the sun-baked landscape.
When acid was thrown in the face of an 11-year-old girl in the middle of the road in the United States, her life changed forever.
The deaths of a couple whose bodies were found at a house in Ballycastle, County Antrim, are being treated as unexplained, police have said.
Theresa May's post-election speech to the Conservative Party conference, delivered on the same day the Conservatives lost their majority in the House of Commons, was an exercise in defiance.
Plans to enshrine a statutory requirement for the number of nurses and midwives in Scotland's health service are to be announced.
Ukrainian officials and the media like to claim that the country is completely free of neo-Nazis and far-right sympathisers.
Eurozone and International Monetary Fund (IMF) talks aimed at finding a solution to the Greek debt crisis have ended without agreement.
Doctors treating five-year-old Ashya King, who has a rare brain tumour, have told the BBC they are concerned about the progress he is making.
Plans to ban dogs from some public spaces in Wrexham could "punish responsible dog owners", the RSPCA has said.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a two-vehicle crash on the A55 in Gwynedd.
Portsmouth goalkeeper Ben Carson produced a string of fine saves to deny Hartlepool United their first away win of the League Two season.
A sickly sea turtle that washed up on a Jersey beach is to be moved to a new home after being found on the side of the road in La Collette.
Five-year-old Rohit Singh is fished out of the Ganges river in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
A bill to lower the legal drink-driving limit in England and Wales to 50mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood will save hundreds of lives a year, say campaigners.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate how police responded to concerns for Sian Blake before she and her two young sons went missing last month.
New Motherwell manager Nigel Pearson says he has joined the Fir Park side on a short-term deal until the end of the season.
A seven-year-old girl who had to have a heart transplant after her father had a similar operation has returned to school.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed the first female coach in women's professional American football to take charge of a men's team.
A leading Brexit campaigner has said it is time to "stop talking about the EU in terms that people don't understand" - such as "hard and soft Brexit".
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on a claim that the Obama administration paid $400m (£325m) in cash to Iran last year.
A woman has been killed and another woman injured in a chainsaw and an axe attack at a shopping centre in Belarus.
First Minister Peter Robinson has said his father-in-law applied for a heating scheme before he was married.
Paris's mayor has said she may sue Fox News over comments it made about the Muslim community in the city after the Paris attacks.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has voted unanimously to hold interest rates at 0.5%.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will "probably have to take a step back" when the one-day series against West Indies begins in Barbados on Friday.
Labour is failing to get its message across to voters on immigration and the EU, former shadow home secretary Michael Mann has said.
Plans to build a teaching block and technology park at the University of Sussex have been submitted to the local council.
Saracens made it two wins out of two in the Champions Cup with a convincing victory over Oyonnax in Paris.
A man who led police on a high-speed car chase in which he damaged two police cars has been jailed for 15 months.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Caitlyn Jenner and Angelina Jolie have made the top 10 of the BBC's 2015 Woman's Hour Power List, which highlights the influence of women in public life.
When Peter Choe was appointed to launch his first property development, he was told he would have to "survive" if it didn't get off to a flying start.
Derby County's goalkeeping was the difference as they held Brentford to a goalless draw at Pride Park.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Jim Blair has urged the club's players to sign new contracts with the Pro12 leaders.
British cyclist Laura Trott has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been found on the M1 motorway in the middle of the carriageway.
West Ham captain Mark Noble has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further year.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City can still turn things around despite being booed off the pitch for the second time this week.
More than 100 schools have been closed across parts of England as snow continues to fall across the country.
Archaeologists in the Czech Republic say they have found what they believe to be the remains of a plague burial site near the city of Ljubljana.
A primary school in County Antrim has reopened after being closed for the rest of the week following the attempted murder of a man and his two children.
Delta Air Lines and United Airlines have become the latest US carriers to ban the shipment of hunting trophies, following the controversial killing of Zimbabwean lion Cecil.
The Rugby Football League's chief executive says it is time to "do London well" and "do rugby league well" in the capital.
European Union leaders are meeting in Brussels to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis.
A 28-year-old police officer has been arrested in connection with a hoax terror plot to kidnap a colleague.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck ploughed into a crowd watching a Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans, Louisiana, police say.
The Gleneagles Guesthouse in Southend has offered to give Dan O'Grady a free night in its "premier suite" after he called the town a "shithole" on ITV's Strictly Come Dancing.
It's not every day that you get a job in the world of snack food and are offered the chance to be the boss of your own company.
There are many ways of measuring the Barack Obama presidency.
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu has said he would support a change in the law to allow assisted dying for terminally ill people.
Monarch Airlines has said it expects to make a profit for the first time since the Paris terror attacks in the wake of the 7 July attacks.
A man has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in a Dumfries and Galloway village following the wake of a teenager who had been killed in a drugs-related attack.
Tesla has said it will increase production of its Model 3 car five-fold over the next two years.
"If you want to know what it's like to be married, just get married."
Bristol have re-signed full-back Luke Arscott on a one-year deal after he was released by Bath at the end of the season.
Pupils at a Cumbria primary school have been banned from playing British Bulldog.
Northern Ireland faces a further four years of "challenging economic circumstances", according to a new report.
"The police watchdog must stop failing families in this way."
At least three people have been killed and seven others injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in Switzerland, officials say.
Plans to build a giant dragon sculpture in Wrexham could be given a five-year extension to allow the project to go ahead.
Nottinghamshire head coach Alan Newell says relegation from Division One of the County Championship is "embarrassing" for the county.
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused as a child in Rotherham and forced to work in a restaurant.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to "act soberly" in his Christmas Day homily, urging them to imitate the simplicity of the birth of Jesus.
A court in China's Xinjiang region has begun the trial of prominent academic Ilham Tohti, who has gone on trial on charges of inciting separatism.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has become the first politician to try out a high-wire stunt at the Olympic Games.
Reading moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Fulham thanks to Roy Beerens' late goal.
Northern Ireland's Europa League qualifier against Moldova has been postponed because of a crash on the M1 in County Londonderry.
Middlesbrough manager Steve Agnew says his players were "naive" in the 4-2 defeat by Hull City at the Riverside.
At least 11 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
If you were told that your local secondary school was to stop offering A-level courses, and that all of its pupils would have to travel to other schools in neighbouring authorities for their post-16 education, what would you do?
The Lion King is among the films to be added to the National Film and Television Library's collection of preserved films, the library has announced.
At least 160 people have been killed in a collapse at a church in the southern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England's Moeen Ali says he will have to improve if he is to replicate his form against India and Australia next summer.
A woman accused of being sexually abused as a child by a former member of the Duke of Edinburgh's staff has told a court she did not fantasise about the abuse.
Ireland suffered a five-wicket defeat by Afghanistan in the Intercontinental Cup match between the two sides as the Afghans won the one-day series 2-0.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing at a secondary school.
Raith Rovers ended a three-game losing streak as they were held to a goalless draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says professional boxers will lose to amateur fighters at the Rio Olympics.
An Anzac Day service has been held in London to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
The United States has imposed sanctions on Iran in response to what it sees as Tehran's expansion of influence in the Middle East.
The number of pupils entering GCSE exams in Northern Ireland, Wales and Northern Ireland has fallen for the second year in a row, according to the exams regulator Ofqual.
The government has announced details of the preferred bidders for two new rail franchises in the north of England.
Four people have been rescued from an overturned speedboat near Brixham harbour in Devon.
Victims of child abuse in state-run institutions in Northern Ireland will not be included in the scope of an inquiry into historical abuse, it has been announced.
Intel, the world's biggest maker of computer chips, has reported a 13% fall in third-quarter profits as it continues to struggle with slowing PC sales.
The prime minister is to discuss with the leaders of Indonesia and Malaysia whether the UK can offer more help in the fight against Islamist extremism during a visit to Indonesia.
The Welsh government is to lend £3.5m to airlines Airbus and British Airways in a bid to attract new recruits to Wales.
A first-time mother has written a letter to other new mothers encouraging them to "have the confidence to cope with the challenges of parenting".
Suspected Islamist militants have killed at least 22 people in two suicide bomb attacks in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
A new maternity service is to be introduced at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness earlier than planned.
Scotland's new school curriculum has gone into full force, with the start of the new school year.
A letter written by Princess Elizabeth describing her relationship with Prince Philip has sold at auction for £14,000.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood grew up in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Air pollution levels at Heathrow could rise if there is a third runway at the UK's biggest airport, according to new research.
The Belgian Tennis Federation (FTF) says it is "surprised" that the Davis Cup final between Great Britain and Belgium will go ahead as planned next weekend.
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan in Ghana's capital Accra, killing at least 10 people, officials say.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of the "brutal" murder of a man in Brighton.
Kathleen Sugden has been appointed as Northern Ireland's new justice minister.
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job following the takeover of the League Two club.
A Japanese court has opened a case against the advertising agency Dentsu over the death of a female employee who worked excessive overtime hours.
It's been a nightmare start to the new Premier League season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at why Ghanaians are so poor in maintenance.
A cyclist has died after collapsing during a charity bike ride in north Wales.
The odds-on favourite Cracksman has been added to the line-up for the Derby at Epsom next month.
UK manufacturing output fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely-watched survey.
At least five people have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in the Malian capital, Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has signed a new three-and-a-half-year deal with Paris St-Germain.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" as a player, coach and manager.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Republic of Ireland striker Alan Morrison on a deal until the end of the season.
The number of people attending UK sporting events in 2015 rose by 5% on the previous year, according to new figures from Deloitte.
A woman has been left feeling "butchered and robbed of her life savings" after having crowns and implants fitted at a dental clinic.
Captain Francesco Schettino has been found guilty of causing the sinking of the Costa Concordia.
Twenty-five British Olympians won medals at London 2012, the most successful Games in the history of British sport.
Jade Jones could be the next Ronda Rousey, according to former taekwondo world champion Brett Johns.
An exhibition of photographs of people dressed in their work uniforms has gone on show at a gallery in Brighton.
Warwickshire all-rounder Liam Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the county, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2017 season.
The operator of one of the UK's busiest rail franchises has announced plans to double the number of trains it operates in Cardiff.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango virtual-augmented reality technology.
Thousands of people have gathered in the Latvian capital, Riga, for the country's annual Independence Day parade.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be ready" warning for flooding in parts of north and mid Wales after days of rain.
A Brazilian judge has ordered the arrest of the former speaker of the lower house of Congress, Eduardo Cunha, as part of a corruption investigation.
Sir Roger Moore, the Olympic silver medallist in 1996, is among the stars taking part in a film telling the true story of a day in the life of a man with Down's syndrome.
Theresa May's letter to European Council President Donald Tusk laying out her priorities for the UK's departure from the EU has been met with a mixture of anger and disappointment.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia and South Sudan to help maintain peace, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
The master of a North Sea fishing boat has been fined £20,000 after a crewman fell ill on board while the engine was running at full speed.
A Denbighshire MP has said it is "extremely important" that people living in north Wales are able to vote on English and Welsh issues.
The discovery of a dissident republican arms dump in County Antrim has been described as "significant" by police.
At least 35 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion at a gas station in south-eastern Nigeria, police say.
A chronology of key events:
Sam Vokes believes Wales can beat Republic of Ireland in Dublin on Saturday and boost their hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup.
Former US football star O.J. Simpson has pleaded not guilty in a Las Vegas court to a crime he says he did not commit in 2007.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign striker Conor Sammon from Derby County for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year contract.
Czech cyclist Martin Kreuziger has been cleared to race again after being cleared to take part in the Tour de France.
A public inquiry into the activities of the IRA's Stakeknife unit is to be held in connection with the murders of up to 50 people in Northern Ireland in the 1970s and 80s.
Tesco has apologised to a farmer after using a picture of him pulling a wheelbarrow on an organic farm as part of a supermarket's food waste campaign.
When Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg met in a Facebook townhall meeting in Silicon Valley last week, it was widely seen as a chance for the two to pledge support for digital India.
Former Scotland manager Alex McLeish has agreed a deal to take charge of Egyptian club Zamalek for the remainder of the season.
Eritrea's foreign ministry has accused the UN Human Rights Council of "unfounded and unsubstantiated" allegations of human rights abuses in a new report.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video of a street fight was posted on social media.
Actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza in Poldark, has died at the age of 72.
Campaigners are calling for a radical new way of heating homes and businesses in Scotland to be more widely adopted.
People who leave rubbish outside their own council bins will be given fixed penalty notices from next year.
Tributes have been paid to a veterinary student who died in a road crash.
Tourism is one of the great challenges of the 21st Century, but how do you stop it?
A music festival in south Wales has been cancelled because of warnings of high winds and rain.
The Indian Premier League starts on Monday, 25 April with a match between Mumbai Indians and Royal Challengers Bangalore at the Waca in London.
Google has said it has made a significant leap forward in its efforts to bring internet connectivity to remote parts of the world.
Plans to turn a former Army depot in Shropshire into an industrial park have been approved by the local council.
More than 1,000 people have been charged in connection with drugs offences in Belfast in the last year, the PSNI has said.
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself, an inquest has heard.
A woman's body has been found at a flat in the Thornhill area of Edinburgh.
Work permits for EU migrants could cut immigration to the UK by up to 100,000 a year if the UK votes to leave the EU, a report has suggested.
The government has conceded it is in breach of its legal obligations to tackle air pollution, the High Court has ruled.
Adnan Syed, the subject of the hit US podcast Serial, is to have his case re-examined 10 years after he was convicted of murder.
Three pieces of gold jewellery hidden in Scunthorpe and Brigg have been claimed in a treasure hunt by members of the public.
A businessman has been jailed for killing a man who drowned while trying to retrieve golf balls from a lake.
A man has died after a fire broke out at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says striker Fernando Llorente is the best player in the Premier League when it comes to heading the ball.
The Stormont Executive has failed to produce a budget for the coming financial year.
The husband of a British-Iranian mother who has been detained in Iran for more than a month is to attend an event to mark her daughter's birthday later.
Scientists in the United States say they have made the first human-pig embryos capable of growing human organs.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has defended the use of plastic bags as weapons in a speech in the House of Commons.
To Kill a Mockingbird has become one of the most famous books of all time, but why did it take so long to write?
Christmas lights will not be switched on in Caerphilly town centres this year because of a £12m budget cut, a council has said.
Former Paris St-Germain owner Frank McCourt has signed a three-and-a-half-year deal to buy French Ligue 1 side Marseille.
Sir Chris Hoy will carry out the British flag at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics on Friday.
The father of a woman who claims she has been held against her will in Saudi Arabia has been ordered to allow her to return to the UK.
Mae goeden yng Ngwlad Pwyl yng Nghymru wedi dweud ei defnyddio fel lloches gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Natsïaid.
Plans to give English MPs a veto over some laws affecting only England have been set out by the Conservative government.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being excluded from the education system, according to a new report.
Northern Ireland's long-standing goal of devolving a rate of corporation tax to the Northern Ireland Executive has taken a knock.
Oxford's Seacourt bus station could be expanded in a bid to reduce congestion in the city centre.
Gay people in the Russian republic of Chechnya are being held at an unofficial detention centre where they are being tortured, a gay rights group says.
Lewis Hamilton says there is an "urgency" for him to stop Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg extending his lead at the top of the Formula 1 world championship.
The Russian government has passed a new law requiring large-scale bloggers and social media users to register with the authorities.
Spanish police say they have broken up a suspected recruitment ring using Chinese immigrants to work as domestic workers.
Germany's Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere has said a knife attack on a German train travelling from Cologne to Berlin was a "lone wolf attack".
Former Nottingham Forest head coach Graham Davies says he would love to return to the Championship strugglers next season.
Mo Farah fought back to win his second gold medal of the World Championships with a thrilling 5,000m victory at London 2017.
David and Samantha Cameron have spoken for the first time about the "surreal" and "difficult" life of having a severely disabled son.
Police are warning people to be very, very careful when answering cold calls after two women lost more than £10,000 in two phone scams in two weeks.
Tributes have been paid to the Catholic priest, Father Alec Reid, who played a key role in the peace process in Northern Ireland during the Troubles.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola said it was "easy to love" his players after they reached the Champions League semi-finals for the first time in his first season in charge.
The future of the dairy industry in Wales is in a "weak position", according to the National Farmers' Union.
Three people involved in a three-vehicle crash on the M4 in Berkshire have been released on bail.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has signed off a new set of anti-racism rules that include a five-match ban for the first offence and a points deduction for repeat offenders.
Hartlepool United have appointed former Crewe Alexandra midfielder Craig Hignett as their new manager.
A man has died in a house fire in East Sussex, police have said.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of making and possessing indecent images of children, police have said.
Welsh rugby union referee Nigel Owens says he wants to continue his career beyond this summer's World Cup.
Three Israelis have been charged in connection with the beating of a Palestinian man in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba in October.
Brazil have added Kaka to their squad for the Under-20 World Cup in South America next month.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Continental Cup final for the first time in their history with a comfortable victory over Birmingham City Women.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod ymgeisydd Ofcom yn cael eu hysbysebu gael eu cyhoeddi gan y BBC a darlledwyr yng Nghymru wedi gwrthod eu gwasanaethau yn y DU.
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering whether to close the Police Scotland control centre in Inverness.
A man is to stand trial accused of attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire.
Two Labour AMs are attempting to become the first to call for letting agent fees to be banned in Wales.
Doctors should give patients a two-week cooling-off period before carrying out cosmetic surgery, the UK's medical watchdog has said.
Alexis Kazim-Richards scored the only goal of the game as Blackburn Rovers reached the FA Cup quarter-finals with victory over Arsenal at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys may have made a "trade-off" between having bigger voices and bigger testes, according to new research.
Christina Rees has been appointed as Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's new shadow Welsh secretary.
A Romanian hacker who admitted hacking into Hillary Clinton's private email account has been sentenced to two years in jail by a New York court.
Cardiff Central railway station will be closed on the day of the Champions League final to allow passengers to travel to and from other parts of the UK.
The chair of the inquiry into historical child abuse in Scotland's children's homes has issued a deadline for witnesses to give evidence.
A shopkeeper in India who tried to defend a shopkeeper who was being attacked by a man who filmed the attack and posted it on social media has told the BBC he has received death threats.
Targets to improve the quality of Welsh-speaking teachers will be set out in a new Welsh language strategy.
A man who was left paralysed after a brain haemorrhage has been given a "slap on the wrist" after he was mistreated by staff at a hospital rehabilitation unit.
More than 1,000 items of "weird and wonderful" waste have been donated to recycling centres in Surrey in the past year, the county council has said.
US President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Friday morning to tweet his reaction to the deadly shooting on Paris's Champs-Elysees, one of the city's most famous thoroughfares.
Is the US military doing enough to help soldiers returning from multiple tours of duty with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)?
BBC Radio 1 DJ Matt James has received an Honorary Doctorate of Arts from the University of East Anglia (UEA) in Norwich.
The Isle of Man's beach clean-up group has been awarded a £10,000 grant from the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
James Ward produced a dramatic final-set win over American John Isner to give Great Britain a 2-0 lead in their Davis Cup quarter-final against the United States.
A huge prehistoric forest has been discovered in the sea off the east coast of England.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,800 worth of heroin into prison by stuffing it down his throat has been jailed for two years.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University after chemicals were found to be "unsafe" in a storage unit.
Gambling revenue in China's special administrative region of Macau has set a new record for 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has returned to the Greek island of Lesbos for the first time in more than two years to exhibit a new exhibition of his work.
The author of the Chilcot report into the Iraq War is to give evidence to MPs for the first time next month.
Mae'r heddlu'r Coed Duon wedi dweud wrth i'w ddefnyddio Taser yng Nghymru wedi cael ei saethu gyda Taser eto os oedd yn parhau i gwrthsefyll.
The pound has seen its biggest one-day fall in 30 years against the dollar since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Whistleblowers are being "victimised" by their own work colleagues despite being given legal protection, MPs have said.
Sydney's famous Opera House has turned off its lights as part of Earth Hour.
Thousands of mourners have attended the funeral of Otto Warmbier, the US student who died last week after being held in a coma in North Korea for more than a year.
Michael Maguire said he was "embarrassed" after being knocked out of the World Championship in the first round for the first time in his career.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's ruling Christian Democrat (CDU) party has suffered a "debacle" in a regional election, with voters turning against the government's refugee policy.
The number of people dying prematurely as a result of tobacco-related diseases has risen by 5% in the past 25 years, according to a new study.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has compared the sport's current state of affairs to the Rolling Stones.
Tata Steel has been fined £930,000 for failing to take safety measures after a chemical was released from a blast furnace at its Huddersfield works.
Northern Ireland's four main political parties are meeting in London later to discuss a potential deal to restore power-sharing at Stormont.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the new leader of the Afghan Taliban, was shot dead in a gunfight in Pakistan's Punjab province, the BBC understands.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his own home.
The death of a man whose body was found at a house where his partner was critically injured is being treated as murder, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested in connection with an attempted murder in Glasgow city centre.
Wrexham and Chester played out a "bubble match" at the Racecourse in Wrexham for the first time in four years on Saturday.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a season-long loan from Polish top-tier side Legia Warsaw.
Police are investigating the attempted arson attack on a community hall in west Belfast.
The UK is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over the cost of policing the embassy where Julian Assange has been living for more than three years.
Talks aimed at finding a political solution to the crisis in Syria are gathering pace, with Russia and Iran among the parties involved.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham winger Kayden Jackson on a season-long loan deal.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) is investigating why the Algerian goalball team has failed to arrive in Rio in time for their first match at the Rio Paralympics.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of deporting migrants who try to reach Europe by boat, despite criticism from the New York Times.
Plans for a new tennis court for the Queen and her husband, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, have been lodged.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has warned of "significant problems" in meeting the government's target of resettling 20,000 refugees by 2020 if local authorities do not have enough childcare and school places for them.
A man in his 20s is being treated in hospital after he was attacked in west Belfast.
The UK has signed the contract to build the European Space Agency's (Esa) Solar Orbiter (SolO) mission to study the behaviour of the Sun.
So much has happened in the space of 24 hours.
Northern Ireland's economy has continued to grow in the second quarter of the year, according to a new report.
It is one of the most famous rivalries in the world has to offer - the Great Edinburgh Boat Race.
Nationwide has reported a fall in the value of its mortgage lending as it continues to see a "softening" in the buy-to-let market.
The Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian warplane in Syria last month has begun analysing the flight recorders of the aircraft.
Kent have signed South African-born all-rounder Sean Dickson as their overseas player for the 2017 season.
A seven-year-old boy is recovering in hospital after his foot was burned when he tripped on a barbecue left on a beach.
A senior Labour MP is to warn that the EU referendum could be "the second-longest suicide note" in the party's history.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was attacked in Lancashire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter says he has "never lost his mind" after being banned from all football-related activity for life by the International Football Association's ethics committee.
A memorial to a boy who was killed by an alligator while on holiday at Walt Disney World in Florida has been unveiled.
Michael Gove has said he would have sacked himself if he had been in Theresa May's cabinet when she was prime minister.
Scotland's most senior law officer has called for the UK to remain a member of EU law enforcement agencies Eurojust and Europol.
A court in India has begun hearing evidence in the trial of Bollywood star Salman Khan over the death of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run car crash in 2002.
Residents of a new housing development in Oxfordshire have said they wish they had not moved in because of poor broadband speeds.
An Australian man has told a court he is "really sorry for what he has done" after being found guilty of providing support to the Islamic State (IS) group in Syria.
The British Medical Association (BMA) has called for a 10-minute GP consultation to be made the norm in England, saying it is "unsafe" for patients.
Scottish and English craft spirits are going through a "explosive" growth, according to a report.
Wales could lose out on £50m a year if the Welsh Government does not raise enough money from stamp duty and landfill taxes, a think tank has claimed.
South Korea's President Park Guen-hye has said the sunken Sewol ferry will be raised from the sea at the earliest possible date, after a day of protests from relatives of the victims.
The widow of a man who was shot dead by police after he tied up his children has told an inquest he was "trying to kill himself", an inquest has heard.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick are in a three-way tie for the lead after the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to accommodate up to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
Parks are at a "tipping point" as local authorities struggle to keep them open and look after them, a report has warned.
When Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi won the country's general election in 2014, he used Twitter to announce his victory.
A Grade II*-listed book borrowed from a Herefordshire school has been returned to the college after being found in a collection of 6,000 books.
Hull City midfielder Martin Clucas has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
An Italian prosecutor has launched an investigation into claims that a gynaecologist failed to intervene in the deaths of two foetuses after a woman suffered a miscarriage.
Pop group Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against a fan club company they claim has failed to pay them royalties.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "tired" before beating American Sam Querrey at the Shanghai Masters.
A man who raped a 15-year-old girl and threatened to rape a police officer has been jailed for 12 years.
Work has begun on a project to increase the capacity of Scotland's largest container terminal.
Gardeners in Northern Ireland are being warned to be on the lookout for a "thug" plant that is out-competing bluebells.
Arsenal Football Club owner Stan Kroenke has ordered the company behind a hunting TV channel to stop showing footage of trophy hunting.
A man who admitted sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl after meeting her for the first time on Facebook has been jailed.
A man in his 20s has been arrested in connection with the rape of an elderly woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died after getting into difficulty trying to rescue his dog off the Kent coast has paid tribute to him.
A man who stabbed a man to death in Cornwall has had his life sentence quashed by the Court of Appeal.
Aberdeen assistant manager Jim Watson has taken up a role with the Scotland Under-21 set-up for the 2018 World Cup qualifiers against Estonia and Slovakia in March.
The PSNI is to investigate whether there have been any crimes against Muslims in Northern Ireland as a result of the Syrian refugee resettlement scheme.
A Lancashire driving instructor has been jailed for causing the death of a 78-year-old woman in a head-on crash while taking a speed awareness course.
Belgian Serge Pauwels won the third stage of the Tour de Yorkshire for the second time in three days as he sprinted to victory in a sprint finish.
More than half of young people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) do not feel safe in their communities, according to a new survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car.
Brazilian footballer Neymar has appeared in court in Spain as part of a fraud case against Barcelona FC and its former president, Josep Maria Bartomeu.
A council has apologised after postal ballot papers were sent out without the names of the two candidates standing in the general election.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has paid tribute to Shane Williams' "fantastic career" after he scored a try in the final minute of his final World Cup match.
Paul Gascoigne is probably not the first name that springs to mind when you think of the legendary England footballer who scored a wonder goal in Euro 96.
The oil and gas company behind plans to drill for shale gas in the Sherwood Forest is considering taking legal action against the National Trust after it was refused permission to do so.
Eight men have been arrested in a series of drugs raids in the West Midlands, police have said.
Manchester City have completed the signing of England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham Hotspur for an undisclosed fee.
An animal rescue charity is trying to track down the owner of a racoon found on the roof of a house.
A dog has been stolen during a break-in at a pet shop in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Rwandan court has sentenced a former Hutu official to life in prison for inciting ethnic cleansing during the 1994 Rwandan genocide.
More than 100,000 international students could be put off studying in the UK if the UK votes to leave the European Union, a survey suggests.
An Australian man who allowed his teenage daughter to marry a man with whom he had sex has been jailed for five years.
Serial, the award-winning podcast about the murder of a black woman, is to be turned into a TV series.
The Scottish council tax has "many deficiencies" and reform is a "major undertaking", according to a new commission looking at alternatives to the current system.
More than 200 hens are being put up for rehoming after being released into the wild in north Wales.
Salford Red Devils have signed Hull FC centre Curtis Naughton on a one-year deal.
Police investigating the discovery of a man's body in a lay-by are working with Europol to find out if he may have been reported missing in a neighbouring county.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has said he will not return to the game he loved as a player or coach.
People who carry a faulty gene may be more likely to have a stroke than those who do not, say researchers.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney, Australia, charged in connection with the murder of a police worker in what officials have described as a terror attack.
Google has announced that it is shutting down its research and development team working on its flagship product, Google Glass.
A pipe bomb has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry.
The African Union (AU) has adopted a resolution calling for African countries to consider the possibility of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz bin Abdul Fattah al-Saud has announced a major overhaul of the country's security system.
One of Scotland's largest independent farmers' supply companies has reported a rise in profits, despite a fall in turnover.
US President Donald Trump has said special counsel Robert Mueller should "recuse himself" from the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the US election.
The Isle of Wight father who avoided paying a fine for taking his seven-year-old daughter on holiday during term time has been cleared to take her on a seven-day trip to Disney World.
A woman has been shot in the head in Burundi's capital, Bujumbura, in an apparent assassination attempt on the wife of opposition leader Pierre Rwasa, his spokesman has said.
The UK's biggest mobile networks are to hold a meeting later to discuss plans to speed up the launch of 4G services.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for so-called Islamic State.
Plans to expand the Football League to five divisions have been unveiled as part of a shake-up of the game in England.
The head of Scotland's largest Indian restaurant chain has accused the UK government of "total insanity" by restricting the number of chefs allowed to work in the country.
Former England captain Chris Robshaw said his team's second-half performance in the 29-26 defeat by France in Paris was "shocking" as they lost their final World Cup warm-up match.
Canadian authorities have issued a nationwide recall of a popular gin after it was found to have a higher alcohol content than advertised.
Scottish boxer Michael Towell has died after suffering a bleed on the brain during a fight, his partner has said.
Diesel carmaker Daimler has announced a software fix for its Mercedes-Benz cars as part of an investigation into possible manipulation of emissions data.
Scientists have found a new mix of cement that is better than existing solutions at preventing radioactive waste from getting out of control.
Muckamore clinched Section A of the Lagan Valley Steels Twenty/20 Cup after a four wicket win over Lisburn on Saturday, while Waringstown beat Coleraine by eight wickets to join them in the semi-finals.
An amateur footballer has pleaded guilty to a charge of having an offensive weapon - a broken corkscrew - but has denied screaming threats at Clacton Town fans.
A group of authors are boycotting a PEN awards ceremony in protest at the decision to give a prize to French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in the wake of the Paris attacks.
The cost of paying agency staff to work for the NHS in England is falling, but spending on them is still too high, according to the latest accounts.
Workers at a County Antrim window and door manufacturer are facing redundancy with the loss of up to 70 jobs.
Poundworld, the UK's biggest discount retailer, has been bought by Woolworths three times in the past three years.
A man and two children have been taken to hospital after the car they were in crashed into a concrete barrier.
A woman has been charged with the attempted murder of a woman at a flat in west Belfast.
What do you get if you squeeze a plastic bubble, squeeze a needle out of the middle of your arm, and squeeze a pill out of your pocket?
The police ombudsman's office has been given the go-ahead to resume investigations into more than 30 historical complaints against the PSNI.
Australian police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
High winds of up to 70mph (112km/h) battered parts of north and mid Wales on Friday, causing disruption for commuters.
A soldier has died and four others have been injured after a tank plunged into a river in Taiwan, the army has said.
Ricardo Garcia, the US lawyer who led the Fifa investigation into the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar, is no stranger to controversy.
Connacht's hopes of finishing in the Pro12's top four were ended as the Ospreys ended their season on a high with a hard-fought win at the Sportsground.
Teenage British racing driver Billy Gwynne has been back behind the wheel for the first time since he was seriously injured in a car crash last year.
Sunderland's only independent record shop has closed its doors for the last time after more than two years of operation.
Luton Town have offered new contracts to Luke King, Jake Potts and Ryan King ahead of the new League Two season.
Algeria have confirmed the signing of France Under-21 international Jonathan Benzia on a season-long loan from Lyon.
Jess Housby says England's new central contracts are a "step in the right direction" in the quest to become the best netball team in the world.
Voters in South Wales went to the polls on Thursday to elect a new police and crime commissioner.
A drug that mimics the effect of folic acid on ovarian cancer has shown promising results.
Detectives searching for missing woman Joanna Yeates have released CCTV footage of the last known sighting of the missing woman.
When The KLF announced their departure from the music industry in 1994, they burned their back catalogue, dumped a dead sheep on the steps of an after-show party and burned £1m of their own records.
Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after a crash during pre-season testing.
Fire crews have tackled a large blaze at a derelict building in Glasgow's waterfront area.
US President-elect Donald Trump has chosen South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as the next US ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan has banned its civil servants from travelling to China to study, amid concerns that they may be spying for China.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says his first season in charge of the club will be "frightening" and "exciting".
The first British soldiers to be sent to Afghanistan since the end of the conflict in Helmand province have arrived in the country.
When Laura Pergolizzi was a teenager, she wanted to be a pop star.
Chelsea moved up to second in the Premier League table as they came from behind to beat 10-man Manchester City at Etihad Stadium.
Former British middleweight champion Chris Blackwell's former sparring partner has been banned from boxing after he sparred with the fighter who knocked him out of the ring.
An inquest into the deaths of two Liverpool fans killed in the Hillsborough disaster has heard how one of the victims' son tried to find his mother after the crush.
An Edinburgh-based artist has created a robot as part of an exhibition at this year's XpoNorth design festival.
Cambridge United will travel to League Two side Manchester United in the FA Cup fifth round after a goalless draw with Rochdale.
Plymouth Argyle have released three first-team players in Ryan O'Donnell, Danny Smith and Michael Mafuta, but have signed new contracts with the League Two club.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has no new injury worries ahead of Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final with Liverpool.
National League side Barrow have parted company with manager Mark Cox after less than two years in charge of the club.
A man died after a bee stung him in the neck, an inquest has heard.
Forest Green Rovers twice came from behind to earn a point at home to Torquay United in the National League.
As the first anniversary of the abduction of more than 200 girls from the north-eastern Nigerian town of Chibok is marked, the BBC's Chris Ewokor meets the father of one of the girls abducted by Boko Haram, Reverend Mark Lawan.
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed a bill that would make it easier for parents to stop their children from smacking each other.
The British government is being sued by Kenyans for alleged human rights abuses committed during the Mau Mau uprising in the 1950s and 1960s.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Prince Harry has been photographed relaxing on a crocodile he helped to catch during a "top secret mission" in Australia's Northern Territory.
South African umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the remainder of the second Test between South Africa and India after suffering concussion during the first match in Mumbai.
Nissan's chief executive has defended the Japanese carmaker's decision to sponsor the Rio de Janeiro Olympics, saying it is the "right decision".
The number of native crayfish being released into rivers in south Wales has doubled in the last two years, conservationists have said.
Security staff evacuated people from the O2 arena after a fire broke out in a restaurant next to the venue.
Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is set to get a boost at the North American box office following its success at the Oscars, according to reports.
A New York state lawmaker is calling for an investigation into why Niagara Falls water turned a murky green colour in July.
Dundee midfielder Greg Stewart and striker Ryan Hemmings are good friends of former Cowdenbeath team-mate Ryan O'Dea and should not be sold, according to the player-coach.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics will kick off in Norway this weekend with the opening ceremony at the Sjoggfest.
UKIP has lost its majority on a district council following the defection of another councillor.
The exams regulator, Ofqual, has been accused of failing to do enough to prevent pupils getting different GCSE grades year-on-year, according to a new report.
At least 11 people have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition air strike in north-western Yemen, officials say.
Bethlehem, home to the Nativity of Jesus, is celebrating the birth of the baby Jesus.
North Wales Police and Dyfed-Powys Police "requires improvement", inspectors have said in a report.
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio has paid tribute to the Welsh make-up artist who helped him win an award for his latest film role.
An anonymous donor has offered to pay for treatment for a 13-year-old boy with leukaemia, his mother has said.
Air France-KLM and Air France have each been fined €182.9m (Â£150m) by the European Commission for "repeated and serious infringements" of competition law, the highest EU court has ruled.
Bournemouth midfielder Joshua King says his team-mates will not rest on their laurels despite their current form.
Thousands of people are continuing to be evacuated from besieged rebel-held districts of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a UN-Russia deal to end the war in Syria's second city.
As the United States and Cuba celebrate the first anniversary of a historic thaw in relations, the US ambassador to Cuba, Jeffrey DeLaurentis, reflects on what it's been like to be part of the historic process of normalising relations between the two countries.
Olympique de Marseille owner Frank McCourt has bought a controlling stake in the French Ligue 1 club for an undisclosed sum.
European astronaut Thomas Pesquet has posted pictures of the Aurora Borealis and the Belgian capital, Brussels, on Twitter and on his blog.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of abandoning her two young children, one of whom has died, and the other who is in intensive care.
Essex County have signed Southampton midfielder Callum McQueen on loan until the end of the season.
Highways England is considering a "southern bypass" as part of plans to upgrade the A303 at Stonehenge, the BBC has learned.
When Saracens director of rugby Chris Borthwick was asked by the club's chief executive, Edward Griffiths, what he would rather be doing with his spare time in the summer of 2010, he turned down the offer of a trip to Germany.
Myanmar's security forces have killed and raped members of the country's Rohingya Muslim minority, the UN says.
A water main has burst, causing schools to be evacuated and homes to be left without water.
Guernsey manager Tony Vance says his side's FA Cup tie against Oxford United was "a game we could have done without".
Athletics has a problem with "four, five or six nations" and not just Russia, says British Anti-Doping chief Mark Warner.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy is "not working", a Labour MP has said, as the family of a teenage girl who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State said she had been killed.
Fans of ITV soap Emmerdale are to be able to visit the set of the ITV soap for the first time as part of a new season of tours.
The Council for Catholic Maintained Schools has said there will be meetings next week involving the Board of Governors and unions.
As he sips a glass of wine at his vineyard on the outskirts of the Sicilian town of Palermo, winemaker Cesare Girolamo leans back in his chair and takes a deep breath.
The BBC is trialling a new app that allows people to control a TV set-top box using their minds.
A new augmented reality experience has been launched at one of Scotland's biggest music festivals.
Northern Ireland's three-time Commonwealth track champion Anne Houvenaghel has announced her retirement after the Glasgow 2014 Games.
Wimbledon will play on the middle Sunday for the first time in the men's and women's singles after play was called off on Friday because of bad weather.
Police in Sicily have arrested a team of volunteer firefighters accused of defrauding the fire service out of thousands of euros (Â£1.3m; $2.1m).
The number of suspected sexual offences against children in England and Wales recorded by police has risen by 38% in a year, the NSPCC has said.
The US has received a tip-off about a possible plot to smuggle laptops into the cabin of a US-bound plane, US media report.
North Korea has said it has made "significant progress" in developing nuclear weapons, South Korea's defence ministry has said.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have laid down their weapons for the first time since the conflict there began in April, the Ukrainian military says.
Richard Keogh scored the only goal of the game as Derby County began their League One campaign with victory at home to Grimsby Town.
A judge in the US state of Arizona has refused to allow a woman who was released from prison 25 years after being convicted of arranging the murder of her four-year-old son in 1990 to face a retrial.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog for failing to meet the needs of patients.
Aaron Mooy scored his first goal of the season as Huddersfield Town went top of the Championship with victory at Leeds United.
A BBC journalist has told a tribunal she was the victim of "corrupt and poor management" at the corporation, a tribunal has heard.
Fire crews have tackled a large-scale blaze at a house in Edinburgh city centre.
The search for a group of climbers missing on Mount Rainier in the US state of Washington has resumed.
David Weatherson scored one goal and set up another as Rangers beat Queen of the South in the Scottish Cup final.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of winning the three-match series against Australia hang in the balance after losing to the Wallabies in a thrilling contest in Melbourne.
Cyrus Mistry, the former chairman of Tata Sons, has launched a scathing attack on the management of the Indian industrial giant.
French pair Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut are urging the ATP World Tour Finals organisers to do "something" to pay tribute to the victims of the Paris attacks, as they prepare to play at London's O2 Arena.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £10,000 by the Rugby Football League for turning down the chance to play Widnes Vikings in a pre-season friendly in May 2015.
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial has been told to "listen to me" after reports linking him with a move away from Old Trafford, says manager Jose Mourinho.
Former Arkansas Governor and Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee has announced his intention to run for the White House in 2016.
Juan Mata scored his first Premier League goal of the season as Chelsea ended a run of three straight defeats with victory at Sunderland.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country has the capability to attack the US, after it test-fired a ballistic missile capable of reaching the US territory of Guam.
(Close): Shares in Standard Chartered jumped 5% after the bank announced plans to raise $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) through a stock market flotation.
A man accused of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has been found guilty of her murder.
The number of Bengal tigers living in the wild in the Sunderbans National Park in Bangladesh has fallen to the lowest level ever recorded.
Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a stress fracture of his metatarsal bone in Saturday's 1-1 draw at Aston Villa.
Five of the seven board members of Sport NI have resigned.
Thousands of home routers and other smart devices are being targeted by a malicious program that tries to protect them from being hacked, according to a security firm.
The violence that broke out in Leipzig's Zentralstadion stadium after a Bundesliga match between two of Germany's newest clubs is just the latest example of how much hatred there is for a new club in the country.
A stretch of road in Gwynedd has reopened after being closed for several hours following a series of crashes.
Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned, days after Donald Trump's visit to Mexico.
The battle for the Iraqi city of Tal Afar is taking place at the same time as the battle for Mosul.
Substitute Lee Novak's late equaliser rescued a point for Charlton Athletic as they came from two goals down to draw at Fleetwood Town.
Portsmouth Supporters' Trust (PST) chairman David Brown has urged fans not to give up hope of a takeover of the League Two club.
Footage has been released of a turtle being filmed in the middle of the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland, Australia.
Kyle Wootton's injury-time equaliser earned Scunthorpe United a point against Port Vale.
Tom Varney scored his first goal of the season as Ipswich ended MK Dons' unbeaten start to the League One season with victory at Portman Road.
Liberia's former football star George Weah has been re-elected to the country's senate in the first round of elections, officials say.
England's Tommy Fleetwood lost out in a three-way play-off with Bernd Wiesberger to claim victory at the WGC-HSBC Champions.
Liverpool Ladies have signed Netherlands defender Mandy van den Berg from Liverpool Ladies on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Torquay United have signed defender Myles Anderson and striker Ruairi Keating on loan from Barrow until the end of the season.
An investigation is to be carried out into the storage of bonfire material in Belfast city centre.
The Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary is to be published next month, with a list of 1,000 new words, some of which have never before appeared in print.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he is "thrilled" TVR is to build a new car assembly plant in Ebbw Vale.
Lewis Hamilton described his performance in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix as "one of the worst" of his Formula 1 career.
(Noon): London's benchmark share index rose, but shares in Marks and Spencer (M&S) were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 after the retailer issued a profit warning.
Portadown have been given a one-match ban for failing to declare Darren Garrett as ineligible for the win over Ards in the Irish Premiership game between the sides on 26 October.
A light aircraft has crashed into a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A woman who embezzled more than £50,000 from the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order.
Astronomers have seen more than half of the most massive stars known to science in a single region of the Milky Way.
Roma will temporarily close part of Stadio Olimpico for one match next season after fans sang offensive songs about Mario Balotelli.
Plymouth Argyle moved to the top of League Two with victory at home to Crawley Town thanks to goals from Scott Threlkeld and Craig Tanner.
US media companies Discovery and Scripps Networks have agreed to merge in a deal worth $14.6bn (Â£11.7bn) that would create the world's largest cable network owner.
Queens Park Rangers have denied reports that Steven Caulker was involved in an altercation with Crystal Palace players during a Sunday lunch at Loftus Road.
US singer Barbra Streisand has had her name changed to "StreiZander" on Apple's Siri virtual assistant.
Riot police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse hundreds of protesters in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, after a man was shot dead in the street, officials say.
A US drug company has said it will not cut the price of a prescription drug that cost $750 (Â£550) a pill last year, despite promises to do so.
Derby County midfielder Matt Martin says he feels "a lot lighter" after scoring his first goal of the season in his side's first win of 2017-18.
An Air France plane bound for Canada was forced to make an emergency landing at Glasgow Prestwick Airport after a "slight smell of burning on board", the airline has said.
The health of children's teeth in Wales is still lagging behind other parts of the UK, according to a new Welsh Government survey.
Northern Ireland's manufacturing and retail sectors are enjoying strong export growth, according to the Ulster Bank.
Developers behind a £500m redevelopment of Manchester's Deansgate area have unveiled revised plans for the St Michael's development.
A motorcyclist has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries after a crash in South Yorkshire.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders manager Stephen Callaghan as their new manager on a two-year deal.
A man who shook a three-week-old baby boy so hard he suffered a "catastrophic" brain injury has been jailed for 12 months.
Britain's Kyle Edmund beat Spain's Feliciano Garcia-Lopez in straight sets to reach the second round of the China Open.
Police investigating the disappearance of missing Leicestershire schoolgirl Kayleigh Haywood have said they are treating her disappearance as murder.
Dagenham and Redbridge suffered their first home defeat of the season as Chester thumped them 3-0 in the National League.
National League side Dover Athletic have signed centre-back Luke Wood on a two-year deal following his release by Dover Athletic.
There is a "serious democratic deficit" in local elections in England, according to the Electoral Commission.
Cardiff Blues have signed full-back Matthew Morgan from Bristol on a two-year deal, with the option of a further year.
Crawley Town's Conor Henderson has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Stoke City striker Peter Crouch is staying at the club despite interest from West Bromwich Albion, says manager Mark Hughes.
A Andy Warhol portrait of Chairman Mao, one of the most famous works of the artist's series of portraits of the Chinese Communist Party leader, is to be auctioned in Hong Kong next month.
Plans to build a house in the shape of a flower have been approved by a Greater Manchester council.
Actor Channing Tatum is to star in a remake of 2001: A Space Odyssey, according to reports.
Sculptures of moths have gone on display in Hull to celebrate the achievements of pioneering female aviator Amy Johnson.
The new chancellor has said the government could "reset" its fiscal policy if the economy needs a "kick start".
The first artists have been announced for a new light-up light show to be staged in London next year.
Ireland secured their second win of the EuroHockey Championships as they came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in the bronze medal match in Johannesburg.
The Supreme Court is to rule on whether parents can be fined for taking their children on holiday in the term-time, after a council lost a long-running legal battle.
The parents of a teenage girl who was knocked off her bike have paid tribute to their "t Tasmanian devil" daughter who is "taking very small steps on the road to recovery".
A US soldier has been awarded the Medal of Honor for his part in a daring counter-attack in Afghanistan in October 2009.
The government should introduce a five-year freeze on the number of skilled workers coming to the UK and a cap on unskilled immigration, according to a new report.
An investigation is under way after a fire broke out at an east London Tube station, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Great Britain's Jennifer and Seonaid McIntosh have won gold medals at the European Youth Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's response to the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Olympic skeleton champion Lizzy Yarnold has been named Great Britain's skeleton team of the year at the European Championships in St Moritz, Switzerland.
Cristina Adams will make the first women's women's super-fight of her professional career when she takes on Mexico's Sofia Salazar in Manchester's SSE Arena on Saturday.
Olympic champion Katherine Heath set a new British record as she won gold in the women's kayak K1 200m at the European Canoe Slalom Championships.
Ellan Vannin have won the ConIFA European Under-21 Championship for the first time in their history.
The last ship to be built at the last dry dockyard in the UK is leaving the city.
Too many care homes are turning older people into "institutionalised" zombies, according to a report.
The government is to double the maximum discount available to homebuyers in the right to buy council houses in England, the BBC understands.
The number of cases of syphilis diagnosed in London has risen to the highest level in the UK, according to new figures.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in South Lanarkshire.
Portsmouth have signed former Belgium Under-21 international defender John Ohene on a one-year deal.
Nottingham Forest head coach Paulo Brazil says he is "very happy" to remain in charge of the Championship club.
A charity in Australia has appealed to the public to help save the lives of animals that have been badly injured in bushfires.
Babies born with a cleft palate are being missed because of a lack of early diagnosis, the Royal College of Surgeons has warned.
Three striking primary school cleaners have been sacked after going on strike in a dispute over their pay and pensions, the Guardian has reported.
York City have re-signed striker Chris Parkin on loan from National League rivals Macclesfield Town until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has set out his vision for improving transport in a day ahead of the Labour leadership contest.
There is "no need for a one-size-fits-all approach to dieting", according to researchers who have compared the weight loss benefits of a range of diets.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death by a falling window frame.
England international Rachel Nobbs has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One champions Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors coach Shaun Wane says he is trying to stay positive after winning the 2017 World Club Series for the first time with victory over Cronulla Sharks.
The United Nations has signed a deal to allow satellites to track aircraft in real-time, in the wake of the disappearance of flight MH370.
China has admitted for the first time that it allows the illegal trade in the skins of captive tigers, according to sources at a meeting on illegal wildlife trade.
The UK economy is facing a "challenging" year ahead, a new report has warned, as the value of the pound continues to slide.
A Flintshire man has admitted making threats to kill himself and police officers, a court has heard.
Inverness Airport has welcomed a new flight from Amsterdam to Inverness.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of second-half tries as Glasgow Warriors ended Leinster's winning start to the Pro12 season with a thrilling victory at Scotstoun.
The UK government is consulting the public on whether a Gwynedd airfield could become a UK spaceport.
Arcade Fire have brought the Glastonbury Festival to a close with a rousing set that saw the main stage brought back to life by a thunderstorm.
England will host the 2017 Women's World Cup for the first time, the England and Wales Cricket Board has announced.
More than 40 people have been killed in Nigeria's Boko Haram Islamist militants' ambush on a convoy returning from an oil exploration trip, officials say.
Michael Lally, one of Ireland's best-known actors, has died at the age of 72.
Sam Robson made his highest first-class score of the season as Middlesex dominated the first day against Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Scientists have recorded the worst coral bleaching on a remote Pacific atoll in 40 years, in what they say could be the worst event of its kind.
European and US markets have fallen after the Cyprus government struck a deal with international creditors to shore up the country's ailing banks.
A man with terminal bowel cancer has reached the summit of Mount Everest for the first time.
The parish of St Davids in Denbighshire has been accused of "unfairness" over plans to increase the cost of renting out its community hall.
Tributes have been paid to the family of a Walsall man killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
Pupils should be offered more science clubs and field trips, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
Muslims across the United States have offered to stand guard at Jewish community centres and Jewish cemeteries in the wake of recent bomb threats and vandalism.
Two brothers who carried out a "frenzied" samurai sword attack on a man in what was described as a "bloodbath" have been jailed for life.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has returned to the stage for the first time since cancelling shows at Northside Festival in Denmark and Manchester's Parklife.
Brentford have sacked manager Mark Warburton after just over a year in charge of the Championship club.
A former aide to French ex-President Nicolas Sarkozy has said the party of the opposition, the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP), was involved in a "terrible spiral" in its 2012 election campaign finances.
US President Barack Obama is visiting Cuba for the first time since he was elected in 2008.
A fire on board a Wightlink ferry may have started in an air conditioning unit, the operator has said.
Two men have been jailed for covering up the death of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash.
Nivea has apologised after an advert for its deodorant range was branded racist by right-wing social media users.
Cambridge United moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Exeter City.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales international Mike Phillips from French side Racing 92 on a one-year deal.
Scientists in the UK are trying to map how the world's tectonic plates are shifting.
Here are some of the key quotes from Prime Minister David Cameron and his successor, David Cameron, as they set out their new government's priorities.
South Africa took a 2-0 lead in the women's Twenty20 series against England thanks to a five-wicket win in a rain-affected match in Johannesburg.
UKIP Wales leader Nathan Gill has been accused of trying to "double-job" by the leader of his party's group in the assembly.
An Easyjet flight from Germany to the UK had to make an emergency landing in the Netherlands due to a "technical issue", the airline has said.
The apprenticeship system in England is not good enough for young people who do not go to university, according to a report.
Plans to build a hydroelectric scheme near the Conwy Falls and Fairy Glen Wood in Snowdonia have been withdrawn.
A gang from Cardiff, Newport and Newport have been jailed for a total of 12 years for conspiring to supply heroin worth £500,000.
Ajax Amsterdam midfielder Abdelhak Nouri is in a coma after suffering severe brain damage in a pre-season friendly match on Sunday, the Dutch club have said.
In 1972, in what is thought to be one of the most poignant moments of his political career, the then Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDP) leader, Sir William Gilmore, gave an impassioned speech on welfare reform.
Juventus captain Gianluigi Buffon says the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A is "not good for football".
A financial services company has announced plans to create up to 500 new jobs in Worcestershire over the next two years.
David Cameron should not be the next Nato secretary-general, a senior Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at this summer's Olympics.
Russian fans of Western pop culture are taking to Twitter to express their opinions on the conflicts in Ukraine and Syria.
Neil Lennon has never shied away from the challenge of managing in the Scottish Championship.
Cameroon defender Cedric Djibril Chedjou has joined Turkish side Istanbul Basaksehir on a two-year deal.
In some parts of West Lothian and Livingston there are still parts of the country where life has gone from bad to worse in recent years.
The Home Office has been urged to be "more forward-looking" about where the limits of surveillance could be in the future, amid concerns about children's toys and talking dolls.
Armed groups in Myanmar have signed a ceasefire deal aimed at ending decades of conflict between the government and rebel groups.
Venezuelan air force jets have shot down two unauthorised aircraft in the sky in the space of an hour, officials say.
Mental health services for expectant mothers in Wales are to receive £1.5m of funding from the Welsh government over the next five years.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty to two charges of violating US export laws and will pay a penalty of $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn).
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers in the Central African Republic has more than doubled in the last three years, according to a new UN report.
A man has admitted killing his wife in a "stabbing frenzy" after he found out he was not the father of their children.
France will continue to send troops to Mali until the end of the year, the defence minister has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a cyber agreement aimed at curbing the theft of trade secrets.
Schools in Warwickshire have been forced to close because of flooding.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the roof of a shop in Cardiff city centre.
Theresa May has been accused of "taking this country in a dangerous and damaging direction" by the Lib Dems after telling an audience in Wolverhampton: "If we don't make a success of Brexit, we won't have the financial means to fund the public services on which we all rely."
Celtic stretched their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Firhill.
Harry Shearer is to step down from his role as the voice of Homer Simpson in the new series of The Simpsons, the show's producers have confirmed.
The government's decision to scrap university grants for student nurses in England will have a knock-on effect on the rest of the health service, it has been claimed.
The discovery of a new species of snake and the discovery of an abandoned tennis court in Sydney have thrown a spanner into the works of one of Australia's biggest infrastructure projects.
Three-time Olympic gold medallist Venus Richards-Ross has spoken of the "healing" she has experienced after sharing her story of having an abortion.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border should not be part of the first phase of negotiations with the European Union.
The SNP will hold its first Holyrood election conference in Aberdeen later this month.
British actress Caroline Jumbo has said she has had to take roles in the United States because of a lack of opportunities in the UK.
The government's plans for new grammar schools in England may not improve the chances of the most disadvantaged pupils, say researchers.
Wales scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says his career has been "frustrating" and "disappointing" as he continues to struggle with injury.
Ten years ago this week, I was working for the BBC’s Ten O’Clock News and went to San Francisco to report on the launch of the iPhone.
A £100m research and innovation complex in Newcastle city centre has been officially opened.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed former Essex coach Chris Grayson as their new head coach for the 2017 Women's Super League season.
Bristol Rovers have signed Stoke City midfielders Ryan Sweeney and Dominic Telford on season-long loan deals.
The UK's inflation rate has turned positive for the second month in a row, official figures have shown, as the cost of food and fuel prices rose.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said it is "very unlikely" Wales will get tax sharing powers with other parts of the UK before 2021.
Former British champion Lauren Graddon, who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Olympic Games, has announced her retirement from diving.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two commuter trains in the US state of California, officials say.
The Pirate Bay has gone back online.
All of the team news and team news for the weekend's Premier League action, as Newcastle host Crystal Palace and Newcastle travel to Bournemouth.
Scientists say the world will almost certainly not be able to keep global warming to 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels by the end of the century.
The RSPCA has reported a record number of animal welfare cases being prosecuted in Wales last year, with a 100% conviction rate.
A man who hid his partner's body in a cupboard and took her benefits for months after her death has been jailed.
Crusaders manager Stephen Mulgrew is looking forward to the return of the Cliftronville boss to face Ards in Tuesday night's County Antrim Shield game.
What do we know for sure about the health of the world's biggest banks?
Glamorgan all-rounder Colin Ingram says he wants to "experience what is on the world stage" after signing a new deal with the county.
Formula 1 bosses have criticised the new elimination-style qualifying format after Lewis Hamilton set the pace in the first practice session at the Chinese Grand Prix.
A former Fifa vice-president has had his two-year ban for lying about Qatar's bid to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups cut to two years.
A man has died in a fire at a house in Edinburgh.
Photographs of punk and reggae bands performing at the first Rock Against Racism (RAR) festival in London in the 1970s have gone on show.
New Sunderland signing Michael Vaughan says the Championship newcomers need to be mentally tough if they are to challenge for promotion this season.
When Rex Tillerson announced his decision to pull the US out of the Paris climate change deal in the Rose Garden ceremony at the White House last week, it was the latest blow in a series of blows for the new US secretary of state.
Defender Gerard Pique says Barcelona are "not in the best moment" after losing to Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey semi-final second leg.
Boris Johnson has said it is time to "hold our fire" and "not get wrapped up in tiny issues" about who will lead the campaign to leave the European Union.
Leading clerics in Mauritania have called for the death penalty to be imposed on a blogger who is due to appear before the country's Supreme Court on Tuesday.
A Dundee company has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died after inhaling toxic fumes from a paint stripper tank.
A ceremony has been held in Cumbria to mark the end of work on the UK's first Astute class of submarines.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley says he hopes manager Chris Coleman will sign a new contract with the Euro 2016 hosts.
Security researchers say they have found flaws in a monitoring system used by some of the world's biggest shipping companies.
Joan Collins, who was made a dame in the Queen's New Year's honours list, has said she would never accept an honour from the monarch.
A family of Egyptian geese have been spotted nesting inside a box at a nature reserve in Nottinghamshire.
Burnley striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League promotion hopefuls.
Rory Burns produced the performance of his career to help Surrey secure a draw against Hampshire in the Division One game at The Oval.
Landlords of Southern Cross care homes are expected to offer "significant financial concessions" in a last-ditch attempt to save the struggling firm from going bust, the BBC understands.
Targets for treating suspected cancer patients in England have been missed for the first time in three months, according to new figures.
More than half of the world's species of plants and animals will be wiped out by climate change by the end of the century, according to a study.
Gatwick Airport has reported record passenger numbers for the year to the end of September, with passenger numbers rising by more than 10% to more than 40 million.
A report into allegations of misconduct by a former council chief executive and ex-cabinet member has found no evidence of wrongdoing in the sale of council property.
The Football Association and the English Football League are to donate £250,000 each to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Life is "paralysed" in rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo, according to one of the city's top officials.
A hospital trust has gone on trial accused of breaching health and safety regulations over the death of a man who was crushed in a lifting hoist.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, has said it is the "worst possible moment" for the Church of England to "downgrade" religious education in schools.
Two dogs have died in a house fire in west Belfast.
Plans to create a single Oxfordshire council with an elected mayor are being considered by the county council.
Barnsley have signed Torquay United midfielder Angus MacDonald on a season-long loan deal.
The Co-operative Group has warned that it expects full-year profits to be "reduced year on year".
The Royal Navy is carrying out a major anti-submarine warfare exercise off the coast of Norway in the Baltic Sea.
A US rocket has exploded shortly after lifting off from a launch pad on the eastern coast of Virginia, officials have said.
BBC presenter Jeremy Vine has accused a woman of making a "firing sign" gesture at him during a road rage incident filmed by him.
Scientists have reconstructed the dramatic events leading up to the asteroid strike that killed off the dinosaurs and created the Chicxulub Crater.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after he was charged with assaulting a woman at a party last month.
Sam O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the semi-finals of the World League 2 tournament in Belfast.
The number of seahorses that have washed up on the Jersey coast in recent years has been declining, according to the Royal Yachting Association.
One of India's best-known street artists, Bipin Chand, who built a rock garden in the northern city of Chandigarh from the rubble of abandoned buildings, has died at the age of 89.
British Cycling chief executive Dave Brailsford says he "just does not believe" claims of bullying within the sport.
The Department of Health in Northern Ireland is to issue new guidelines on abortion in the NHS, which include a recommendation that a consultant psychiatrist should be involved in cases where a mental health assessment is required.
Exam timetables are designed to be flexible enough to accommodate the needs of all students, but they are also designed to cater for special circumstances.
Zinedine Zidane has been given the go-ahead to take charge of Real Madrid's reserve team for the first time.
The completion of a new road linking Taunton to the rest of the town has been delayed for a second time.
James Maddison is one of the best players in League One, according to Peterborough United manager Grant McCann.
The closure of the Aberdeen and Inverness police control rooms and the closure of a call centre in Stirling are set to be completed by the end of the year.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he has no intention of playing at the 2018 World Cup after Sweden lost to Portugal in the Euro 2016 play-off.
Burundi's public prosecutor's office says it has arrested a number of people in connection with the killing of a top army general last week.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has topped the Forbes list of the world's highest-paid actresses for the second year in a row.
Riot police in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, have used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse angry villagers angry at delays in distributing aid to those affected by the devastating earthquake.
Cuba's president has accused US President Donald Trump of returning to "confrontation that has failed over 55 years" in an official speech.
David Tennant has said he "chancered out" of writing a line about the Daily Mail's "Legs-it" newspaper headline for a new play.
The US Secret Service needs a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of the way it protects the White House, an independent review has concluded.
Gibraltar could remain part of the United Kingdom after the UK leaves the European Union, the territory's top official has said.
Arriva Trains Wales drivers are to stage a second strike in less than a year, the Aslef union has announced.
Paraguay's President Ollanta Humala has announced his intention to run for re-election next year.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time since the end of the Cold War.
The Syrian town of al-Rai has been recaptured from so-called Islamic State (IS) after days of fierce fighting, opposition sources say.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won his 10th World Championship title with a 10-1 victory over Barry Hawkins in the final round of the final at Alexandra Palace.
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like by 2020 if the Conservatives win the general election.
A charity which helps people who have been stalked by ex-partners is launching a campaign to encourage people to report them to the police.
China is set to account for more than a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
Banks and building societies in England and Wales are to be trained to spot the signs that customers are being conned out of thousands of pounds.
Residents of Ealing Central and Acton have been voting in a by-election to decide who will represent them in Parliament.
Five Welsh rugby union players have taken part in a recycling project in their home town of Ospreylian.
Passengers were kept on planes at Belfast International Airport on Tuesday night due to "horrendous" weather conditions.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen for an undisclosed fee.
One of the world's best-known theatres has opened its doors to the public for the first time in its 400-year history, with the help of a team of academics.
Swansea City Council has confirmed it has reached a deal to buy the Liberty Stadium.
QPR have been charged by the Football Association after former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand was sent off during Saturday's 1-0 home defeat by Tottenham.
Scarlets captain John Barclay says he is reliving the glory days of his Glasgow Warriors career as he prepares for his first Pro12 final.
Relatives of victims of Bloody Sunday have been reacting to the news that a former soldier has been arrested in connection with the events of that day in Londonderry.
The story of a Chinese teenager who tried to smuggle himself into the United Arab Emirates in the cargo hold of a plane has sparked a debate on Chinese microblogging site Sina Weibo.
The BBC's director general has warned the government not to decriminalise licence fee evasion, saying it would be a "huge risk" to do so.
Plans to build a waste-fired power station to replace the Ferrybridge 'B' plant have been given the go-ahead.
As the 70th anniversary of the outbreak of World War Two is marked, BBC News takes a look at the sacrifices made by black servicemen and women from the Caribbean during and after the conflict.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it is a "great shame" that Team GB will not have a women's football team at the 2016 Olympics.
The return of the stone curlew to the Isle of Wight has been marked with a celebration in Thetford.
Two former Scottish Labour leaders have hit out at the "outrageous treatment" of Scottish party leader Joanne Lamont.
Shares in ARM Holdings have jumped by more than 45% after Japanese technology giant Softbank agreed to buy the British chipmaker for £17.5bn.
Edinburgh City will take a one-goal advantage into the second leg of their League Two play-off semi-final against East Stirlingshire.
The government should hold off raising the state pension age until the sick and injured are better supported, the TUC has said.
An investigation into fire safety at a new hospital in Coventry has found "potential issues" with its infrastructure, the trust running it has said.
A 37-year-old man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has released a new set of stamps to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Carphone Warehouse has warned customers that their personal data may have been accessed in a cyber-attack on one of its websites.
A special class has been held in the Isle of Man to mark the 70th anniversary of the work of a World War Two internment camp pioneer.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial wept as a video of the toddler lying on the floor of his bedroom was shown to the court.
The NHS is expected to overspend by £1.8bn in the first three months of the financial year, the BBC has learned.
David Cameron's EU reform deal could lead to a "surge" in the number of migrants coming to the UK, a leading Eurosceptic has warned.
Cyclist Jeff LeMond says former Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to return to the sport after being banned for life.
Malaysia has hit back at a Swiss suggestion that billions of dollars may have been stolen from its state-owned investment fund.
The Northern Ireland Secretary of State was told in 1986 that the only sanction the Department of Economic Development (DED) could impose on a company that used the word 'Derry' as its postal address, a Stormont file has revealed.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for roles in Colditz and Callan, has died at the age of 83.
Pitch Perfect 2 has topped the US box office, beating Mad Max: Fury Road to become the most successful film of the year.
Microsoft has revealed details of the hardware inside its next-generation Xbox console, codenamed Project Scorpio.
A UKIP parliamentary candidate has resigned after posting offensive comments about US President Barack Obama on Facebook, the party has said.
It's Roald Dahl Day today, which sees the return to schools across the UK for the first time in more than a decade.
Pret A Manger is to pay teenagers who get unpaid work experience placements, the company has said.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the League Two promotion hopefuls have "technically saved" the club following their takeover.
KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her story Disappearances.
After a series of shark attacks in the Red Sea off the Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh in recent days, experts are trying to piece together what happened.
A 14-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Hundreds of people have attended a rally in Edinburgh to raise money for those affected by the devastating earthquake in Nepal.
Hundreds of farmers have attended a rally at the Scottish Parliament in Holyrood.
Alastair Cook has had his fair share of critics over the last few months.
The former head of the British Army in Afghanistan has warned against "playing the Taliban's game" after a series of attacks on foreign targets in the country in recent days.
If you have ever wondered what it would be like to be struck by lightning, now is your chance to find out.
A winding-up order against Lotus has been adjourned until the end of the year after the team agreed to sell to Renault Sport.
Northamptonshire and Sussex had to settle for a share of the spoils after rain washed out the remainder of their Division Two match at Hove.
Wigan Warriors captain Sean O'Loughlin says Wayne Bennett is the right man to coach England in this year's Four Nations.
Chelsea Ladies made it two wins from two in the Women's Super League One Spring Series with a 4-1 victory over Yeovil Town Ladies, while Sunderland were held to a goalless draw by Arsenal Ladies.
An inquiry into historical abuse at Jersey children's home has heard how a boy was sexually abused by a member of staff at the home.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt has said she wants to help a man who has been wrongly accused of the crime.
When Fijian rugby union star Josaia Matavesi first came to the UK in the 1980s, he was working as a tin miner in Cornwall's South Crofty.
Police are investigating the deaths of a man and a woman whose bodies were found at a house in Stirling.
An 18-year-old man from Lancashire has appeared in court charged with preparing terrorist acts.
The BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been speaking to former bookmakers about the pressure they are under to encourage customers to gamble on fixed-odds betting machines.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed midfielder Joe Straker on a deal until the end of the season.
Police have carried out a search of a property in Carmarthenshire as they continue to investigate the Westminster terror attack.
The attack on the Erawan Shrine in the Thai capital, Bangkok, has been described as the "worst ever attack" on the country - but what does that mean for the economy?
A former Staffordshire Police officer has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting two women he offered a lift home in his car.
Boris Johnson has been caught on camera apparently giving his wife a "backie" while riding on his bike.
Police in Northern Ireland have said they are investigating a spate of cases of men being tricked into performing sex acts and then blackmailed for money.
President Obama is back on the BBC's economics programme for the second time in a week.
A rare tropical sea turtle which was found "comatose" on a beach in Gwynedd has been moved to a new home at a zoo.
Erhun Oztumer scored a hat-trick as Walsall ended Swindon's unbeaten start to the League One season with victory at the County Ground.
Three Denbighshire towns are to get a new CCTV system to monitor crime and disorder in the area.
South Sudan booked their place in next year's African Nations Championship of Nations (CHAN) finals by beating Malawi 2-0 in the second leg of their qualifier in Blantyre on Saturday.
Iran's Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has said Iran will continue to support its allies in the Middle East, despite the country's nuclear deal with world powers.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania's School of Architecture has resigned in protest at a new Texas law allowing students to carry guns on campus.
Steven Woolfe will not be on the final ballot in the UKIP leadership contest, the party's ruling body has announced.
Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jonny Moore on a one-year contract after he was released by the League One club.
A Dumfries and Galloway primary school teacher who admitted possessing and possessing indecent images of children has been banned from the profession.
A man who liked "highly offensive" posts on Facebook about the Muslim faith has won an appeal against a decision to revoke his firearms licence.
Former Olympic weightlifting silver medallist Artur Vardanian has been provisionally suspended for two years after failing a retest from the London 2012 Games.
Cardiff City striker Conor Pilkington believes the Bluebirds are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs this season.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by a man who stalked and attacked her have told of the moment they found out she had been killed.
Lord Strathclyde, the Conservative leader of the House of Lords, is to step down next year.
A County Armagh sandwich maker has gone into administration, with the loss of up to 200 jobs.
The chief executive of Dentsu, one of Japan's biggest advertising agencies, has said he will resign after the death of a worker who took her own life because of overwork.
A man accused of murdering his wife by dousing her body in white spirit before turning on a gas hob and setting her on fire has gone on trial.
At least two Afghan soldiers have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on an army bus in the capital, Kabul, officials say.
The first public consultation has been held on the potential location of the UK's next nuclear waste site in Cumbria.
Google's chairman, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "puzzled" by criticism of the search giant's tax arrangements in the UK.
Mozambique declared itself free of landmines in 2015, the first time the country has done so since the civil war ended in 1992.
Nottingham's Robin Hood is to marry his Maid Marian on his wedding day after falling in love five years ago at a re-enactment.
Oldham Athletic boosted their League One survival hopes with victory at Southend United thanks to a second-half strike from Luke Main.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of one of the country's biggest landowners, the Kidman family's cattle empire, to foreign investors.
Shrewsbury Town came from behind to earn a point at Bradford City in League One.
Prince Harry has visited a remote community in Guyana on the final day of his visit to the South American country.
A man has been shot in the leg near a primary school in west Belfast.
The trial of the head of one of the Philippines' most powerful families, the Ampatuans, has begun in Manila.
I am a bit baffled, to say the least, by the Greek government's decision to sign up to the terms of a new bailout.
London Underground (LU) drivers have voted to accept a new pay and conditions deal, the Aslef union has said.
The chairman of Swansea City Football Club has died at the age of 89.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis on a deal until the end of the season after Neil Alexander and Stephen Gallacher suffered injuries.
Bradford Bulls have had a second offer for the Super League club rejected.
A soldier who was killed in Afghanistan has been repatriated to the UK following a tour of duty in the country.
Fire crews have tackled 332 acres of wild fires in the Highlands since the start of the month, according to new figures.
Award-winning actress Dame Maggie Smith has been named as the UK's most powerful woman at sixth place in a new list of the most powerful women in the UK.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Jimmy White in the first round of the Scottish Open at Alexandra Palace to set up a quarter-final against John Higgins.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to make a difference after the death of his mother, Princess Diana.
A planned strike by Tower Transit bus drivers in east London has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on sales of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet in the US, ending a long-running patent dispute with Apple.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Newcastle Falcons centre Tyler Blease on loan until the end of the season.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has agreed to buy a 10% stake in Twitter for $40m (Â£29m) in cash.
UK Sport has commissioned a survey of female sportswomen asking them why they do not report sexism in the workplace.
Doctor Who fans will be able to bid on some of the show's best-known props when a collection of Dr Who memorabilia is auctioned off in the West Midlands.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won the right to continue his legal action against the Scottish Premiership club.
A former member of a panel set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland has said he is disappointed that the "Fresh Start" deal does not include any agreement on the past.
Up to 30 people had to be evacuated from a block of flats after a fire broke out on the third floor of the building.
A Boeing 787 Dreamliner has returned to the skies for the first time in more than a month.
Graffiti artists from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) have used the set of the US TV series Homeland to protest against the show's depiction of the Middle East.
Sprinter Sacre, one of Britain's best-known racehorses, has been put down after a career that spanned five years.
A pilots' union has lodged an appeal against a ruling that the cockpit voice recorder from a fatal helicopter crash should be given to prosecutors and police.
As the Conservatives gather at Chequers this weekend for their party's autumn conference, it will be interesting to hear what ideas the party has for the North East.
Police are investigating whether the deaths of at least two people in south east Wales could be linked to the same batch of heroin.
Domino's Pizza Enterprises, the Australian company that owns the Domino's brand, has agreed to buy Joey's Pizza in a deal to expand its German operations.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of James Jones at a pub in Gwynedd.
A man has been charged with the rape of a boy in Cumbria, police have said.
A former Venezuelan football official has pleaded guilty in the US as part of an investigation into corruption at world football's governing body Fifa.
It's that time of year again - the last full week of campaigning before the US presidential election.
Clare, Lisa and Alison are among the women who have told MPs about their experiences of having relationships with undercover police officers.
A British jihadist who faked his own death to cover up his activities in Syria and return to the UK undetected has been charged with attempted murder.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found on a motorway.
Theresa May will meet with Conservative backbenchers for the first time since the general election on Tuesday.
The Football Association, the organisation that runs English football, has been at the centre of a debate in the House of Commons about whether or not it can change the way it is run.
Theresa May's election manifesto is the closest thing to a Welsh Government manifesto she's had to date.
Bangladesh beat England by an innings and 88 runs to win the second Test in Chittagong and level the three-match series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that Europe is on course to become more vulnerable to the effects of climate change.
Newport Gwent Dragons back-rower Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire.
Former professional wrestler Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 71, his family has announced.
The UK is the biggest exporter of lamb to the European Union, according to the Scottish Farmers' Union.
GPs in England are being offered "salesman-like bonuses" for reducing the number of cancer patients referred to hospital, an investigation has found.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho is likely to miss the start of the new Premier League season because of a hamstring injury.
Top Gear presenter James May has said he would not rule out the possibility of his own departure from the show, after Jeremy Clarkson was dropped from the programme.
Bristol's new bus network will not have a single commercial operator when it is fully operational next year, the BBC has learned.
Paralympic shot putter Ben Davies has set a new personal best of 16.03m at the Phoenix Diamond League meeting in Arizona.
"I don't remember much of the first part of the crash."
When 23-year-old Japanese entrepreneur Doga Makiura travelled to Rwanda last year, he was on a mission.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Ryan Baxter after just one season at Bramall Lane.
The Bank of England's Financial Stability Lending Scheme (FSL) has come to an end.
A Canadian woman who won C$1.5m (Â£1.1m; $1.2m) on a lottery ticket bought at a convenience store has said she was "shaken" when she realised she had made a mistake and won the jackpot.
The High Court in Belfast has ruled that Northern Ireland's ban on same-sex marriage is unconstitutional.
A new army mascot has been chosen from a herd of sheep to replace a soldier who died last year.
Forest Green Rovers moved into the League Two promotion places with victory at Halifax Town thanks to goals from Joe Parkin and Luke Frear.
A man has been charged with possession of an offensive weapon with intent to commit an indictable offence in Worcestershire.
Pete Kennaugh has won the Tour of the Isle of Man for the first time after finishing as leader of Team Sky in the final stage of the race.
Eilish McColgan says she is "slowly turning into The Terminator" as she prepares for Sunday's British Championships 5,000m final.
Edinburgh flanker Matt Dickinson believes his side need to win all of their remaining Pro12 matches if they are to have any chance of making the play-offs.
Priti Patel, the sister of one of the victims of the 7/7 attacks, is a man who has long held a grudge against his brother-in-law.
It's the dance craze that's taken the world by storm.
Scottish Power is to offer customers the chance to buy gas and electricity on a "day-by-day basis" from the end of the year.
US Senator John McCain has crossed into Syria for the first time in more than a year, his spokesman has confirmed to the BBC.
British number one Johanna Konta beat world number two Simona Halep in straight sets to win the Wimbledon women's singles final.
A teenage goalkeeper from West Lothian has died, his family has announced.
The Duchess of Cornwall is to appear at this year's Corby Book Festival, it has been announced.
A new campaign has been launched to raise awareness of the issue of underage drinking in the Highlands.
Iraqi forces trying to retake the city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants are being hampered by bad weather, the military says.
China's top environmental official has called for a radical change in the way the country uses its natural resources, in an essay published on his ministry's website.
A cat called Pietro has been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed house in the Italian city of Bologna after the country's most powerful earthquake in years.
European newspapers have been reacting to the shock election results in France and Greece.
A search for the resting place of King Henry I is under way in Reading.
Comedian Bill Jones has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award at the Wales Entertainment Awards.
The Mexican Football Federation (FMF) has been warned by Fifa that it could face sanctions if it fails to stop homophobic chanting.
The war in Syria has claimed the lives of tens of thousands of people, and left the country's antiquities in tatters.
Mae'r Swyddfa Gartref y DU wedi dweud wrth i'r grŵp gael caniatâd gan Gyngor Sir Benfro, yn ôl un o 10 tref yn y DU yn ei gymryd.
Roger Federer says he would love to play Rafael Nadal in the US Open quarter-finals when the Spaniard plays in New York on Monday.
Australian winemaker Tasmania Wine Estates (TWE) has received a new takeover offer from US private equity firm KKR, which values the company at $1.7bn (Â£1.1bn).
Craig O'Flynn's injury-time equaliser rescued a point for Crusaders against 10-man Coleraine at Mourneview Park.
A Norwegian team of scientists believe they may have found a connection between one of the most famous paintings of the 19th Century and the clouds depicted in it.
Cold calling is one of the most common ways that people are targeted by telemarketers in the UK.
Indy Lights driver Max Chilton said he thought of former team-mate Jules Bianchi "every five or 10 laps" during his victory in the Iowa Grand Prix.
Scientists are studying how people with dementia use a new mobile game to help improve the care they receive.
The family of an RAF serviceman who has been missing for more than a week have said they are finding it "hard to deal with the uncertainty".
Thousands of Sports Direct workers have taken part in a protest against the retailer's use of zero-hour contracts.
All patients in areas with high or extremely high rates of HIV should be offered a blood test on admission to hospital, new guidelines suggest.
"It's a "punt" - the word used by one of the people involved in the BHS deal.
Bored lorry drivers are taking drugs to cope with boredom and boredom, a BBC investigation has found.
In the space of a few days, the Syrian conflict has gone from bad to worse.
Mashkel is one of the most remote towns in Pakistan's Balochistan province, where the town of Mashkel lies on the border with Iran.
A Saudi court has found 32 Shia Muslims guilty of spying for Iran.
Scunthorpe United have signed Hull City defender Ryan Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man has completed a challenge to paddle the length of the longest river in the UK while standing on a paddle board in the presence of crocodiles.
Australia's Speaker of the House of Representatives, John Slipper, has resigned, leaving Prime Minister Julia Gillard's minority government in a quandary.
The number of cruise ship visits to Northern Ireland has reached record levels, according to the city's tourism bureau.
TomSka is one of the UK's best-known vloggers, with more than one million followers on YouTube.
The chief executive of Redrow, one of the UK's biggest housebuilders, has said the government's housing White Paper is "disappointing".
Sam Hall says England must not dwell on the disappointment of losing to Fiji in their Rugby League World Cup opener on Saturday.
Laura Robson was in Rome this weekend with her family.
A police officer has appeared in court charged with three counts of perverting the course of justice.
Alan Stubbs has been appointed Hibernian head coach.
Ireland coach Phil Simmons has been offered the vacant head coach's job in West Indies, BBC Sport understands.
A Lincolnshire town is to get a new £5.4m visitor centre to mark the 400th anniversary of the English Civil War.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's England Under-19 international Callum Elder on loan until the end of the season.
Laura Muir's British 5K record-breaking time is expected to be ratified, despite concerns about whether the race was a "genuine race".
Five former Argentine intelligence agents have gone on trial in Buenos Aires accused of running a secret detention centre in the country's capital, Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are favourites to win the Ashes, despite his side winning the first Test in Cardiff.
Plans to convert a Grade II listed building in Cardiff city centre into flats have been given the go-ahead.
More than 200 new minerals have been created by humans in the last hundred years, according to a new study.
A 17-year-old Malaysian boy has had a foetus removed from his stomach, local media report.
Scotland will have 13 athletes at this summer's World Championships in London, the most at a major championship since 1983.
A Lancashire school has been told to expect a police response after a hoax social media post claimed a student was planning a mass shooting at the school.
Australian police are searching for five Melbourne women suspected of trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq.
Warwickshire ended Durham's unbeaten start to the season as Mark Stoneman's century helped them to a five-wicket win at Edgbaston.
The UK's credit rating would not be adversely affected by a vote to leave the European Union, according to a report by the ratings agency Moody's.
David Warner's presence on England's Ashes tour will be a huge boost to the morale of the players.
The Welsh government has been given £5m to pay compensation to retired firefighters and police officers in Wales.
Scientists from the University of York have described how lung cancer cells are able to "break free" from their moorings and spread throughout the body.
British number two Aljaz Bedene reached the third round of the French Open for the first time in his career with a thrilling win over fellow Briton Pablo Carreno Busta.
The United States has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba after a thaw in relations between Washington and Havana.
Luton Town ended Bristol City's unbeaten start to the League Two season with a comfortable win at Kenilworth Road.
The Oculus Rift has gone on sale in the US.
What would you do if your country, the richest in the world, was cut off from the rest of the world because of a dispute over water?
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is visiting Italy and France as he embarks on his first visit to Europe as head of state.
EastEnders fans have been given a sneak peek at the "noisy and brash" new family set to move into Walford.
If you're a farmer, you'll know the importance of rain.
The Conservative party has increased its majority on Northamptonshire County Council by more than 40% in the local election.
"Northern Ireland cannot really claim to have peace unless it deals with the past," says Baroness O'Loan, one of the country's most high-profile victims of the Troubles.
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie for undisclosed fees.
Up to 40 jobs are at risk after a bus company went into administration, it has been claimed.
A man accused of murdering a woman who was stabbed and bludgeoned to death in a "frenzied" hammer attack has denied killing her.
Brighton missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were beaten at Huddersfield Town.
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife after a "breakdown" in their marriage, a court has heard.
The Metropolitan Police is a "dangerous place to be" and officers should not fear the consequences of shooting someone, the Met's outgoing chief constable has said.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Cumbria.
An MP has apologised to people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes after posting an online advice on how to live a healthy lifestyle.
 Suite Francaise, a novel about life under Nazi rule in France during World War Two, has been released in the UK and Ireland.
A huge fire at an oil recycling plant in Kent has been brought under control.
Rafael Nadal will defend his Aegon Championships title at Queen's Club in London in June.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being rescued from a tanker carrying acid off the Isles of Scilly in a 40ft (12m) swell.
President Donald Trump's first official visit to the European Union has ended.
National League side Bury have signed former Liverpool trainee Danny Ngoo on a one-year deal.
Residents in a suburb of Perth in Western Australia have been told to leave their homes as a bushfire continues to burn out of control.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died after taking his own life have said they are "shocked and saddened" by new information about his death.
The number of new Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) opened in the last year has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to new figures.
The number of cannabis farms in the UK has risen by more than 50% in the last two years, according to new figures.
A jigsaw puzzle maker has had to re-cut some of the missing pieces after they fell out of a second jigsaw he was trying to complete.
A woman has died and an eight-year-old boy has been injured in a car crash during a rally in the Highlands.
The Education Workforce Council and the Welsh Language Commission are joining forces for the first time to discuss education policy in Cardiff.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco manager after being told to return it and leave the store has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has won the Royal Television Society's scoop of the year award.
Jewish groups in Croatia are boycotting a ceremony next week to mark the 70th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Jasenovac.
Manchester United have signed Manchester City winger Adnan Januzaj on loan until the end of the season.
Hearts have outlined a plan to raise £6m over the next five years to pay off a £2.5m loan and pay off the club's main stand project.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says West Brom striker Saido Berahino has started a "fitness programme" in an attempt to get him fit.
Harlequins will face Leicester Tigers in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals in March after reaching the last four for the first time in the competition's history.
The mother of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash has paid tribute to her "lovely, smiling, laughing" son.
England Women beat world champions New Zealand for the first time in a World Cup qualifying match as they beat the world's top-ranked side 21-14 in Wellington.
A paraglider thought she was going to die when she came within seconds of colliding with a US military aircraft, a report has found.
Fire crews are tackling a large wildfire in the Mourne Mountains in County Donegal.
A paedophile who bribed his victims with "fifa game currency" has been jailed for 12 years for child sex abuse.
When Oh Wonder released their debut album, High on Humans, Josephine Barlow broke her jaw, broke her nose and lost two teeth in the process.
A three-year-old boy who spelled the word "cooker bomb" as "cucumber" has had his de-radicalisation case referred to the authorities after nursery staff mistook it for a terrorist threat.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after her daughter was found locked in the boot of a car, police say.
Police are investigating reports that a group of "transgender and anarchist" protesters sprayed a substance in the face of Aberdeen University lecturer Alan Galloway.
Algeria began their Africa Cup of Nations campaign with a 1-0 win over Qatar in Gabon.
Ronny Deila says leading Celtic into the Europa League group stages would be the "biggest achievement" of his career.
Teachers in Wales are to get a new training package as part of a major overhaul of the way they are trained.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are struggling to cope with the pressure of leading his side to the top of the Premier League.
A man's body parts have been found at a waste management company's recycling plant in Somerset.
The final list of candidates hoping to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be announced on Wednesday.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager.
The PSNI is to launch 26 new neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) across Northern Ireland in the first phase of a major restructuring of the force.
Danny Polamalu has announced his retirement from the game at the age of 33 after 12 years in the NFL.
A man has denied killing a rugby player who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Swansea.
The 2017 World Snooker Championship final takes place at Alexandra Palace in London on Sunday, 7 May at 19:00 BST.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round.
Plans to demolish a Denbighshire primary school and replace it with a new one are set to go ahead.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte has been told he will face trial on charges of conspiracy to defraud the club.
Tyler Denton scored his first goal for Leeds United as they beat League Two promotion rivals Luton Town at Kenilworth Road.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who has been sentenced to a year in prison for tax evasion and tax evasion, has been offered community service.
Leyton Orient have appointed former player-coach Paul Edwards as first-team coach at the League Two club.
The parents of a man who was killed by a drink driver have called for the death penalty to be increased to include manslaughter.
A man has been assaulted and robbed at knifepoint in front of his family at a house in west Belfast.
Jason Roy has become England's second-highest scorer in one-day international history but said he was unaware of the achievement until he walked into the changing room after scoring his maiden double century.
Ken Owens is used to being referred to as one of Wales' most versatile players.
Captain Alastair Cook made his second century of the season as Worcestershire lost the first day of their County Championship match against Essex at New Road.
The trial of a man convicted of plotting to carry out an attack on a shopping centre in Manchester city centre in 2009 has heard he was a "cold, calculated terrorist".
Russia has begun a "withdrawal of its forces from Syria, including the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, the defence ministry has said.
Rafael Nadal fought back from two sets down to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the Australian Open quarter-finals.
A Brazilian fisherman in the north-eastern state of Para state has found what he believes to be a satellite panel from the UK's Alphasat satellite.
A teenager who told his ex-girlfriend he wanted to carry out an attack on a British soldier has been jailed for life for preparing terrorist acts.
A woman jailed for stalking her boyfriend's mother-in-law has had her jail term cut after she paid for her to go on a suicide mission, a court has heard.
At least one person has been killed and nine people are missing after a building collapsed on the Canary Islands island of Arona, Spanish officials say.
St Johnstone were held to a goalless draw by FK Trakai in the first round of the League Cup.
The average cost of a summer holiday in the UK has risen by more than 300% in the past five years, according to research.
Members of the prison service are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over plans to privatise some prisons.
Championship side Fulham have signed Belgian striker Djibril Cyriac from Belgian side Oostende on loan until the end of the season.
Donald Trump, who won the Republican nomination in the US presidential election on 8 November, is widely considered to be one of the most unpredictable candidates in US history.
Cornelius Gurlitt, the German art dealer who amassed a huge collection of Nazi-era art looted by the Nazis, has died at the age of 89, his family says.
Scottish bus and coach firm Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new buses and coaches.
Granada have sacked head coach Tony Adams after just seven matches in charge of La Liga's bottom club following a 2-1 defeat by Espanyol.
Three cars have been involved in a three-vehicle crash in Pembrokeshire in which one person has died.
A new £20m swimming pool is to be built at Derby's Moorways Aquatics Centre, the city council has announced.
A school has changed its name to remove the meaning of the word 'Isis' because of the activities of the so-called Islamic State.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Tuesday, with the Dow Jones and the Nasdaq hitting record highs, helped by technology and retail stocks.
What do you do if you hear a sound in your ears that you can't see, can't hear and don't recognise?
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in Kent.
World number one Andy Murray has pulled out of Wimbledon with a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing, anti-immigration bloc has won the most seats in the country's general election, with the centre-left Social Democrats the biggest loser.
A campaign has been launched to save Newport's Arthur Machen collection amid fears the writer's work could be lost if the city's central library is closed.
A Dumfries man is thought to have broken the world record for playing the bagpipes for the longest time.
Three teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 15-year-old boy who was stabbed to death in a west London street.
Pregnant and recently pregnant women should not travel to areas with a high risk of malaria, say doctors.
The Green Party has launched its general election campaign poster ahead of the Brighton Pavilion by-election on Thursday.
The draft of Labour's general election manifesto has been leaked to the Daily Telegraph.
When Leanne Wood was elected Plaid Cymru's new leader, she was the first woman to lead the party in the Welsh Assembly.
The UK job market slowed in May, according to a report, as companies took time to digest the impact of the general election result.
Elite League champions Blaze have signed defenceman Liam Stewart on a two-year deal, with the option of a third, after signing him from Alaska Aces.
Conference Premier club Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to pay debts of £220,000 by the end of the season.
Police in the western Indian city of Kolkata (Calcutta) have arrested a man who was seen walking around the city with his wife's severed head in his hands.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya have been freed after more than a month in captivity, officials say.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a three-year-old boy who died after being trapped in a burning car.
The UN is considering the possibility of publishing a list of alleged war criminals in Syria, the BBC understands.
A Methodist minister tried to hypnotise boys before sexually abusing them, a court has heard.
The parents of a man accused of travelling to Syria to join so-called Islamic State have pleaded not guilty to charges of terrorism-related money laundering.
A ferry that hit the quayside at St Peter Port in the Isle of Wight last month has left the port after repairs were completed.
Swansea could see the development of up to 1,000 new homes over the next 10 years as part of plans to regenerate the city's waterfront.
Demonstrations have been held across the Republic of Ireland in support of those paying their water bills on time.
Josh Taylor's trainer Shane McGuigan believes the 19-year-old Scottish boxer is on the verge of becoming the next big thing in Scottish boxing.
The tools used to process ochre into paint have been found in a cave near Cape Town, South Africa, in what is thought to be the earliest evidence of human conceptual thinking.
The Republic of Ireland's economy grew by 1.5% in the three months to the end of September, compared with the same period last year, official figures have shown.
Plans are being drawn up to turn part of Leeds city centre into a cycle and pedestrian-only zone.
Abertay University in Dumfries and Galloway has been named the best university in the United States for its degree courses in computer games development.
"Yes" won, 55.3% of Scots voted "Yes".
The Foreign Office is investigating reports that a British man has killed himself in Thailand.
Defending champions Great Britain beat Argentina 3-2 to move into the quarter-finals of the Olympic women's hockey.
Nottingham Forest will hope to have back-to-back wins for the first time this season when they host Derby County in the Championship on Saturday.
A chip shop where a 15-year-old girl died after being bitten by mice has been banned from serving alcohol.
A Newport council worker has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for stealing more than £20,000 meant for vulnerable children.
A Cardiff-based online insurance information provider is to get a boost from the Welsh government to help it expand its business.
North Korea has carried out a mock attack on South Korea's presidential residence, state media report.
Thousands of Afghans have protested in the capital, Kabul, against Iran's refusal to allow fuel tankers to cross the border between Afghanistan and Iran.
Researchers have compiled a database of more than 390 species of trees and shrubs in cities and towns and cities around the world.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the rest of the World Cup after suffering a serious knee injury.
French Justice Minister Nicole Goulard has resigned.
Steve Dillon, the British comic book artist best known for his work on the Preacher comic strip, has died at the age of 55.
Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler share the lead after the second round of the Masters at Augusta.
The mystery of the mysterious bright spots on the dwarf planet Ceres has deepened.
A van driver has admitted causing the death of a man by careless driving in a crash in West Lothian.
Saudi Arabia's announcement of a new military alliance to fight Islamic State (IS) militants in the Middle East has been met with a mixed response from Muslim countries in South East Asia.
Leonid Slutsky has resigned as Russia coach after Euro 2016 following the team's failure to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Adam Broom has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Australia's David Warner has been given a one-match ban for striking England's Joe Root in the head in a pub brawl during the Champions Trophy.
Plans to build a safari park, a hotel and a water park have been given the go-ahead.
A Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot in the head in the north-west of the country's Swat Valley, where she was campaigning for girls' education.
The former chief medical officer of Scotland is to chair a review of targets in the health and social care system.
A doctor who admitted taking a £10,000 loan from a patient with learning disabilities has been struck off the medical register.
Bangladesh's war crimes tribunal has sentenced a senior Islamist leader to death for crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence from Pakistan.
Northamptonshire set up a final-day victory over Leicestershire thanks to an unbeaten century from James Wakely and Matt Keogh.
A Flintshire man has been nominated for bravery awards for helping to stop a machete attack in Mold.
A film shot entirely on a budget of just Â£4,000 in Blaenau Gwent has won an international film award.
Ten people have been charged in connection with an investigation into slavery offences at traveller sites in Lincolnshire.
One of Australia's best-known Star Wars fans has spent the last few weeks dressing up as Darth Vader for a Halloween party in his suburban Sydney home.
A look back at some of the best moments from the 2017 Oscars, as the Academy Awards take place in Los Angeles.
Rangers have completed the signing of midfielder Graham Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
A lifeboat crew had to be rescued from the water after their boat ran aground on the shores of Lough Neagh.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Police searching for the remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared 60 years ago are to exhume five areas of the Forth and Clyde Canal.
South African President Jacob Zuma has said the government will freeze university tuition fees in 2016, after days of violent student protests in the capital Pretoria.
Atlantis returns to BBC One on Saturdays at 20:30, and it's a completely different show to last year's series.
Black Friday has become the UK's busiest online shopping day of the year, with shoppers spending more than £1.1bn on the day, according to a report.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has carried out its first atmospheric test on Mars.
More than 100,000 pupils in London have failed to get a place at one of their six preferred schools, figures show.
An exhibition of portraits of some of the UK's most famous faces is to open in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend and England's Tyrrell Hatton share the halfway lead at the BMW PGA Championship after the third round.
A girl had to be taken to hospital after being attacked by a dog that had been banned from a town centre.
Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei has used Lego to make a work of "political art" in response to the Danish company's refusal to sell the bricks to the artist.
Robert Kubica says he misses the feeling of racing in Formula 1 after two years out of the sport.
Sally Bercow and former Strictly Come Dancing star Ola Jordan have been added to the line-up for this year's Great British Winter Olympics.
Hearts have completed the double signing of midfielder Abdelhak Rherras and striker Conor Sammon.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in as prime minister, replacing Tony Abbott, who was ousted on Monday.
More than half of children are checking their mobile devices at night-time while they are still in bed, according to a survey.
A rare coachbulit car once owned by Hollywood actress Diana Dors has sold at auction in New York for $3m (Â£2.5m).
A takeaway restaurant owner has been jailed for 12 years for trying to kill his boss by punching and kicking him in the head.
A wildlife charity has launched a public consultation on plans to reintroduce wild lynx to parts of the UK.
John Lewis has announced the start of a £10m revamp of its flagship store in Edinburgh city centre.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker Ollie Samuel on loan until the end of the season and brought in Cardiff City midfielder Aaron Huws on a season-long loan deal.
Tributes have been paid to Fylde Ladies footballer Zoe Tynan, who has been found dead at a railway station.
A Kenyan student who was trapped in a wardrobe in a classroom during the al-Shabab militant attack on a university in the capital, Nairobi, has described her ordeal.
A man who tried to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State has been jailed.
A former Iraqi chemical weapons expert has been captured by US-backed Kurdish forces in Iraq and is being questioned about how Islamic State (IS) used mustard gas, US and Iraqi sources say.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be announced on Sunday, 14 December 2014 and the public will vote for 10 sportspeople to win the award.
Harry Potter fans have been reacting to the news that actress Viola Davis is to play Hermione in the next film of the Harry Potter spin-off series.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! star Christopher Biggins has been evicted from the Celebrity Big Brother house after making comments "capable of causing widespread offence".
Denmark has had a radical change in the way it treats cancer patients after years of poor survival rates and waiting times.
A sea mine found on the River Gourock in Inverclyde has been moved to a safer location, the Royal Navy has said.
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino has proposed that the 2018 and 2022 World Cups should be played in the same country.
National League strugglers Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new head coach.
The bells of St Mary's Church of England have been rung out for the first time in more than 200 years.
Plans have been submitted to the University of Reading to turn a former international college building in Reading into flats.
Billy Vunipola has returned to full training for the first time since November, and could return to action in time for England's Six Nations opener against Italy on 5 March.
The Conwy Valley railway line has been closed for several days due to flooding, Network Rail has said.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death during a night out.
Louis van Gaal has been sacked as Manchester United manager.
Three sperm whales have died after becoming stranded on a beach on the French island of La Rochelle in the north-east of France.
A Staffordshire hospital has said it is looking at ways to solve parking problems at its car park after complaints from residents.
Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers at its Calais and Folkestone terminals due to "increased security measures".
A new study by the World Bank has shed light on why so many women are dropping out of the workforce in India.
Leicester City will be boosted by the return of top scorer Demarai Gray, who missed the win over Manchester City with a hamstring injury.
Northern Ireland's Conservative MLA has been cleared of harassing a schoolgirl in Ballymena, County Antrim.
Pupils at a primary school forced to close due to a dispute over the future of its head teacher are to return to school next week.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Jamie Murray believes his team are capable of reaching the Pro12 play-off semi-finals for a third successive season.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a crash on the M1 in Lincolnshire.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been given a nine-month driving ban after being found to be twice the drink-drive limit, the BBC understands.
French actress Brigitte Lebeau, best known for her role in 1940s film Casablanca, has died at the age of 93.
Stoke City captain Ryan Shawcross is expected to be out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
Guatemala's presidential election will go to a second round after one candidate failed to win enough votes to avoid a run-off.
England will begin their one-day series against Bangladesh in the capital Dhaka on Friday after being given the all-clear to begin their tour of the country.
More than 700,000 US government emails and passwords have been found on the open web, according to a security company.
The Scottish Secretary David Russell has said the UK government must provide greater clarity about its plans for leaving the European Union.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hopes his team can learn from their mistakes and return to the Elite League next season.
Wales' number one female weightlifter Gemma Smith is aiming to represent Team GB at next month's European Championships in Norway.
Liverpool have held talks with Atletico Madrid about a potential move for Spain defender Alberto Moreno, reports BBC Sport.
The architect for Dundee's planned new Museum of Dundee has said he is "very happy" with the progress being made on the project.
Hundreds of people have held a rally in the Italian city of Venice to protest against the decline in the number of people living there.
Two Romanian men have been jailed for illegally dumping dozens of tonnes of waste in a Birmingham street.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it is planning a "deep dive" into opportunities for Scottish businesses in China's Shandong Province.
Hong Kong's Youngspiration Party's Leung Yau says she believes in independence for Hong Kong, and wants the territory to become independent from China.
Marcus Rashford scored a dramatic late goal as Manchester United beat Belgian side Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
In the past year, many African governments have passed or are preparing to pass laws to tackle cyber crime and social media use, but are these laws effective and do not go far enough?
Voters lost faith in "established political figures" in the run-up to the EU referendum, a report has said.
As the general election campaign enters its final days, BBC Wales political analyst Laura McAllister looks at the challenges facing the Conservatives in Wales and the Welsh Labour Party.
Johanna Konta says she is aiming to improve in all areas of her game after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals for the first time.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande for £37m on a five-and-a-half-year deal.
Residents in parts of Leeds have had their water supplies cut off after a water main burst.
A new Santa Claus attraction in the West Midlands has been forced to close in the final week of the Christmas season.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she would not be interested in becoming UKIP's candidate in the European Parliament election.
Ghana's government has reversed its policy of keeping nurses under a five-year employment bond.
The brother of a man who died after being trampled by cows has called for improvements to public footpath safety.
Comedian Bill Bailey has said his tour bus was stolen from outside the Royal Philharmonic Hall during a gig in Liverpool.
Wayne Rooney has signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United that will see him remain at Old Trafford until 2019.
Plymouth Argyle defender Luke Hartley said he woke up in the dressing room after scoring the winning goal in the League Two play-off final against Portsmouth.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index closed lower after the country's economy grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in the first three months of the year.
Australia's Woodside, the world's biggest independent oil and gas producer, has reported a 27% rise in half-year profits, helped by record production and higher realised prices for its liquified natural gas (LNG).
Small and medium-sized businesses are among those most at risk from cybercrime, fraudsters and natural disasters - but how do they keep their data safe?
The Scottish government has published a new code of practice on the use of stop and search.
ScotRail passengers have been able to travel between Edinburgh and the Scottish Borders for the rest of the day after a series of delays and cancellations.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has defended the number of Welsh rugby union and rugby league players who have tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
Pope Francis has used the word "genocide" to describe the mass killing of Armenians during World War One, in what he called "the first genocide of the 20th Century".
Lance Armstrong's interview with journalist Dan Roan, in which he said he would have done it again if he had not been caught using performance-enhancing drugs, has prompted a range of opinions on whether the disgraced cyclist has changed.
Glastonbury festival organisers are giving away free metal beakers to the first 5,000 festival-goers who deposit a £5 deposit.
Helicopter crews have returned to Inverness Airport for the first time since the end of the Coldstream Air Ambulance service.
Manchester City Women have accepted a Football Association charge of failing to provide accurate information about the whereabouts of their players.
Romania's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has been removed from office by his own party in the country's parliament.
Sky has apologised to customers in parts of the UK who have complained of slow internet speeds due to a "high rate of new customer additions".
The security arrangements in place at the Houses of Parliament are to be reviewed in the wake of the Westminster attack, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Some people with leukaemia are being offered half the standard dose of a drug to control the disease, a study has shown.
The family of a British backpacker who was stabbed to death in Australia's Queensland state of Queensland have paid tribute to him, saying the world is a poorer place.
Atletico Madrid defender Luis Suarez was "totally unfair" to be sent off in the Champions League defeat by Barcelona, says Atletico Madrid team-mate Diego Costa.
The number of Northern Ireland-born people working in the film industry in the United States is growing at an impressive rate, according to a young Northern Ireland film-maker.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the seizure of cocaine and ecstasy with an estimated street value of more than 1.5m euros (£1.1m).
Jeremy Corbyn has been Labour leader of the House of Commons for just over a year, but in the short time he has been in the job he's been in it he has already had a profound impact on the party.
Longford, County Longford, is one of the most deprived parts of the Republic of Ireland, but it is starting to see signs of life returning to the midlands.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Russia in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has announced.
The Scottish government is to issue a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of the HMS Lancastria warship off the French coast.
The government has said there is "no green light" for high-speed betting machines on High Streets, despite calls from Labour for them to be banned.
Ethiopia is mourning one of the country's most famous sportsmen, who has announced his retirement from running.
Kazuyoshi Kita is one of Japan's best-known businessmen.
Luis Suarez has had his four-month ban for biting an opponent reduced to four matches by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
Ross County have signed Lithuania international goalkeeper Tomas Sernas on a one-year deal.
The United States Soccer Federation is to introduce new rules aimed at protecting young players from the dangers of head injuries.
21st Century Fox has made a takeover bid for Sky, the pay TV company owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp, in a deal that could value the company at £11.25bn.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation offences, police have said.
Two men armed with a knife have robbed a post office worker at knifepoint in Glasgow.
Thousands of teenagers are taking part in the Ten Tors challenge on Dartmoor.
A chronology of key events in the Northern Ireland deal scandal:
Tributes have been paid to one of two men who died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Gwynedd coast.
A school has launched an investigation into allegations of historical sexual abuse of a 15-year-old girl.
Former Newcastle United striker Cheick Tiote's funeral has taken place in China, with former team-mate Djibril Cisse paying tribute to the former Ivory Coast international.
Asian markets were mostly lower on Tuesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek general election next week.
Blackberry, the struggling smartphone maker, has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by sales of its new Z10 handset.
Oil and gas services provider Proserv has won two new contracts in the North Sea, including one with Qatar's Taqa and one with an established operator.
A pay rise of "significantly higher than 1%" is needed to ensure an adequate supply of teachers in England and Wales, according to a report by the School Staffs' Review Board (STRB).
Voting has ended in the European Parliament elections in Belgium, France and the Republic of Ireland.
Gallai'r adroddiad yn Abertawe wedi gwrthwynebwyr yn cael ei ddefnyddio am ynni adnewyddol yng Nghymru, yn ôl cynllun yng Ngwynedd.
Liverpool's mayor has said he will not hold a referendum on a council tax rise after residents overwhelmingly rejected the idea.
The United Nations has called for the US to suspend a controversial biofuels quota in the face of the country's worst drought in 50 years.
The average time it takes to finish a half pint of beer could be reduced by almost 60% when it is served in a curved glass, according to a new study.
Plymouth Argyle have signed midfielder David Dugdale on a one-year deal after he turned down the offer of a new contract with Hartlepool United.
Kickstarter has been pulled from the crowdfunding website after users discovered it was being used to launch a scam.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings has begun hearing evidence in the case of the youngest victim of the attacks.
Monday's two-day strike by NHS staff in England and Northern Ireland has ended.
A gay couple in the US state of Mississippi are suing a mortuary for refusing to handle the funerals of a gay man after they found out he was married to a man.
A virtual reality tour of some of Nottingham's best-known caves is being offered for the first time.
The mother of an Australian toddler who died after being left in the car for hours may have had a memory lapse, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have pinpointed a key genes involved in controlling the spread of cancer in the body.
Perth Scorchers reached the final of the Women's Big Bash League for the first time in the competition's history, despite losing to Perth Scorchers in the final match of the season.
The results of the Scottish council elections have dominated the front pages of Scotland's newspapers, with the SNP winning all but one of the seats in Aberdeen and Dundee.
The home of British explorer and explorer Elizabeth Bell is in "desperately" in need of help to save it, an MP has said.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the UK, saying he is considered a threat to President Vladimir Putin.
Cladding samples taken in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire in west London have failed fire safety tests, the home secretary has said.
North Korea has launched what it says is the world's first "hangover-free" alcohol, according to the Pyongyang Times.
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards says his side are a far better side than they have shown so far this season, despite being bottom of the Premiership table.
The parents of a six-year-old boy who was left on a school bus three times in the past year have made a formal complaint to Powys council.
US President Donald Trump's explanation of why he is pulling the US out of the Paris climate agreement has drawn criticism from climate scientists.
An Army reservist who collapsed and later died on an SAS selection exercise on one of the hottest days of the year died from heatstroke, an inquest has heard.
Google is working on ways to monitor the blood for signs of cancer and other diseases such as diabetes and heart disease, the tech giant has announced.
Ghana coach Avram Grant has urged Ghanaians to stop criticising his players and start paying them for their efforts.
Morecambe defender Ryan Edwards has signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract with the League Two club.
A care worker has been jailed for stealing more than £20,000 from a disabled man's bank account.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says plans to expand the World Cup to 48 teams have received "overwhelming" support.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest into her sister's death that the police investigation into her disappearance was "insulting" to her family.
Older people in England are being left to fend for themselves, according to a new report.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in his own home.
A Saudi-led coalition air strike on the headquarters of a special forces unit in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, has killed at least 36 soldiers and officers, officials say.
The Irish Foreign Affairs Minister Charlie Frazer has rejected a motion calling on him to call off a planned republican rally in Dublin later this month.
Jonathan Rea clinched his first World Superbike title by finishing second in the penultimate race of the season at Brands Hatch.
The US military has condemned the Afghan government's decision to release 37 suspected militants from the Bagram military prison in Afghanistan.
Ben Affleck has won best actor at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) Awards for his role in the Oscar-nominated thriller Argo.
Nigeria's military says it has begun an operation to recapture areas along the border with Cameroon after months of attacks by Islamist militants in the north-east.
Peter Corrigan, one of Wales' best-known journalists, has died at the age of 72.
A man has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of two boys who were attacked in a street.
Tom Latham won Great Britain's first medal of the Track World Championships with victory in the men's keirin in Hong Kong.
Cardiff Blues have announced their squad for the 2017-18 Pro12 season, which starts with the defence of the title against Newport Gwent Dragons at the Principality Stadium on 5 September.
Charlotte Richardson and Lucy Chancellor are to star in a new TV series based on the 1930s comedy Lucia, based on a novel by the same name.
Joseph Clark, a father-of-three from Liverpool, travelled to the match by car with his three-year-old son, Stephen, and his mother Jacqueline Gilchrist, who survived.
Two teenage boys have admitted assaulting a taxi driver with a machete in the early hours of the morning.
Substitute Jodie Taylor scored the only goal of the match as England beat the Netherlands 1-0 in their final warm-up match before next summer's European Championship.
Bath have signed forward Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year deal.
Alex Thomson extended his lead at the halfway stage of the Volvo Ocean Race to more than 1,000 miles after finishing the race in third place.
The New South Wales (NSW) state parliament in Australia has used the word "revolting slug" to describe US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Sir Steve Redgrave, Sir Chris Hoy and Sir Michael Johnson will be part of the BBC's extensive coverage of the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games in Rio.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has received a £1.5m compensation payment from Transocean following the grounding of a drilling rig last year.
"Operation Stack" has been described as one of the worst days of the year - but how do you stop it happening again?
A man who was shot in the head in Rhondda Cynon Taff has died.
Mohammad Brathwaite's last-ball six helped West Indies beat England by one wicket to win the World Twenty20 for the first time in the competition's history.
Dirk Coetzee, one of South Africa's most notorious apartheid-era spies, has died at the age of 82.
Former South Yorkshire Police chief David Duckenfield is one of six people to face criminal charges over the 1989 Hillsborough disaster.
Archaeological finds made during the construction of the West Link road in Inverness have been displayed at a local school.
It is a typical summer day in Stuttgart's Mariensaeule square, one of the busiest in the city centre.
The Workers Party in Northern Ireland has said it is "disappointed" by the BBC's decision to limit the amount of time it will get to campaign in next week's general election.
Footage has emerged showing the moment a van used by boxer Floyd Mayweather was set on fire during a visit to a hotel.
A seven-year-old girl has been treated for burns after a vapouriser exploded on a Harry Potter ride at a theme park in Florida, US police say.
A man has died after a chainsaw fell on top of a tree in central London.
The number of people living with mild to severe vision impairment is set to rise five-fold by 2050, according to researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan said his side's friendly win over Poland was a "bonus" as they prepare for next month's World Cup qualifier against Nigeria.
A man has been jailed for carrying a fake gun near two primary schools in West Sussex and carrying a knife in a park.
On the eve of All Saints Day, Poles in the world over gather at a cemetery in London to light candles and remember those who have passed away.
New rules have come into force that mean broadband providers will no longer be allowed to advertise all-inclusive prices for their services.
A post office worker suffered a serious head injury in a "vicious" armed robbery in the Borders town of Hawick.
Northern Ireland's jobs creation agency has said it is "gravely concerning" that the Stormont executive has not yet set a date for the introduction of a new rate of Corporation Tax.
Part of a seafront promenade in Bournemouth has been cordoned off after part of a cliff collapsed following heavy rain.
Crawley Town striker Lee Jones has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK after being released from an open prison less than a week before his scheduled release.
The Conservatives have gained seats in Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole in the general election.
Glasgow City Council has reached a budget deal with the opposition parties to balance the books for the next financial year.
An independent review into the circumstances leading up to the death of Liam Fee is to be carried out.
US President Donald Trump has said that a temporary travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries will be extended until further notice.
The Australian government has announced new laws to strip dual nationals of citizenship if they are convicted of terrorism-related offences.
Soldiers who staged a sit-down protest during a training exercise in the Brecon Beacons have been sentenced to detention.
A man has been left "scarred for life" after being attacked in a pub in a "completely unprovoked" attack.
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced plans to release his first studio album in the next few months.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open fourth round for the first time in 15 years with a straight-sets win over a top-10 player, but fellow Briton Dan Evans is out of the tournament.
Jared Allen has signed a one-year contract extension to stay with the Minnesota Vikings until the end of the 2017 season.
Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Luke Dunkley on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Scientists are calling for a global agreement on how to protect biodiversity in the high seas.
A fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash will be published on Monday.
Three DUP party advisers have denied claims made by former minister Jonathan Bell that they tried to stop the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme being reduced because of their links to the poultry industry.
The new Police Scotland control room service in Dumfries and Galloway has performed "to the satisfaction of the public", a report has found.
Transport Scotland is to explore the possibility of extending the new Borders Railway from Tweedbank to Carlisle.
The High Court in Denbighshire has heard a bid for a judicial review into plans to run high-powered electricity cables through a Gwynedd forest.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino is the perfect replacement for top-scorer Jamie Vardy after the striker returned to the starting line-up for the first time this season.
Sculptures of Lake District Herdwick sheep have gone on show in the Lake District to raise money for charity.
Defender Tim Cahill says England's 1-0 friendly defeat by Spain in Spain was "flattered" Real Madrid.
A gold pendant made from an early copy of a Byzantine coin has been found in Norfolk.
UKIP has been accused of "suspending" one of its most high-profile donors after he claimed he had been kicked out of the party for not renewing his membership.
Plans to improve cycle and bus routes in north west Cardiff have been unveiled.
A County Londonderry man and a County Down woman have made history in the world of cricket.
A protest has been held in Calderdale to demand an investigation into allegations of historical child abuse at a care home in the West Yorkshire town.
Police investigating the murder of a man in the Republic of Ireland have found a burnt-out car in County Kildare in connection with the crime.
"Zombie" caterpillars have been found hanging from branches in Lancashire after being infected with a virus, a wildlife charity has said.
A "predatory and ruthless" paedophile who raped and sexually abused young girls in the 1970s and 1980s has been jailed for 12 years.
Brentford boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship by beating struggling Bolton Wanderers at Griffin Park.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has appealed for help to trace the owner of a car seen in the area shortly before he went missing.
Alex Davies hit a career-best century as Lancashire closed in on a first County Championship win of the season against Derbyshire.
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time in their history after coming from behind to beat DR Congo 2-1 in the quarter-finals.
Eight Leicester and Aston Villa fans have been released on bail after a fight broke out during the Premier League match between the two sides.
On the 70th anniversary of one of the worst days of World War Two bombing of Manchester, more than 1,000 people have been remembering those who lost their lives and thousands more who were injured.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford Tigers beat Widnes Vikings in the final game of the Super League season.
Sony Pictures has been hit by one of the biggest cyber attacks in the history of the company's history.
An 18-year-old man who stabbed a woman to death in a Caerphilly county hotel room had a history of violent and threatening behaviour, an inquest has heard.
People in Wales living with long-term health conditions are more likely to be living in fear, hopelessness and despair, according to new research.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has extended provisional bans on six Russian snowboarders accused of doping offences at the Sochi Winter Olympics.
The Clydesdale Bank is to set aside an extra £1.1bn to compensate customers who were mis-sold insurance and interest rate hedging products.
A zebra that escaped from a paddock and ran into a lake at a golf course in Japan has died after being shot with a tranquiliser dart, local media report.
Firefighters have tackled a large-scale blaze which broke out at a disused mental health unit in Edinburgh.
At the end of last week's Paris attacks, French President Francois Hollande and French Prime Minister Manuel Valls paid tribute to the people who died in the attacks.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the idea of police lie-detector tests for new recruits.
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf, the German philosopher's political manifesto, signed by the Nazi leader, is to go up for auction.
Footprints made by a child have been discovered on a Ceredigion beach, believed to be the first of its kind in Wales.
The former head of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has named dozens of politicians he says were involved in a corruption scheme at the company.
Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Tomas Rachubka on a one-year deal, with the option of a further year.
The UK is to pay for the construction of a new prison in Jamaica to house Jamaican prisoners who are due to be deported from UK jails.
Bangladesh's central bank has been accused of failing to take basic security precautions to stop hackers stealing $81m (Â£57m) from its account at the US Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Championship side Brighton have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
Aberdeen defender Lee Foster was sitting with his family at a Christmas party in Glasgow last year when a fan walked up to him and launched a scathing attack on his playing career.
Work has begun on a new £10m manufacturing facility in Brechin, which will create up to 100 new jobs.
I'm looking forward to the challenge of playing number two seed Liam Broady in the first round of Wimbledon on Tuesday.
Universities in England are advertising a higher level of tuition fees ahead of a vote on whether they should be allowed to increase them.
A man has been charged with the attempted murder of a man who was attacked in a pub beer garden in Harrogate.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud ei fod yn "ystyried y cynnig yn ofalus" yn cael ei gymeradwyo, yn ôl y datblygwyr, Cwmni Datblygu Blaenau Gwent.
Huddersfield Town moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over struggling Norwich City at John Smith's Stadium.
Manchester City will have "amazing options" when Sergio Aguero is not available for Sunday's Manchester derby against Manchester United, says Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says his 1,000th Premier League match will be his last as a manager when he takes charge of Stoke City at Britannia Stadium on Saturday.
Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket, ending a 13-year international career.
Celtic will be without top scorer Scott Brown and top scorer Moussa Dembele for Wednesday's Champions League qualifier against Rosenborg.
Dumfries and Galloway Council's strategy to support major festivals and arts events has "generally met its objectives", according to a new report.
Levels of violence at a Staffordshire prison where two inmates took their own lives last year have been described as "very disappointing".
Ulster's Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to succeed Paul O'Connell as Ireland captain under head coach Joe Schmidt.
The final of the Scottish Chainsaw Carving Championships is due to take place in the Highlands.
Murdering children at madrassa schools is "the tip of the iceberg", according to a leading Muslim organisation.
I've been following the story of the campaign to get to the bottom of the EU referendum from the start to the end - the days leading up to the referendum, the campaign itself, the events of the referendum itself.
The UK's energy regulator, Ofgem, has called on the big six energy suppliers to cut prices in line with falling wholesale costs.
DJ Calvin Harris is to headline this year's Lulworth Festival.
Northampton Saints' Luke Brookes has been banned for a week after admitting striking Newcastle Falcons' Scott Lawson with his shoulder in a pre-season friendly at Kingston Park.
Jeremy Corbyn has told the House of Commons that the Grenfell Tower fire victims must be re-housed locally if necessary.
One of the most prominent figures in the Bitcoin community has said that the virtual currency is doomed.
A motorcyclist has died after crashing into a tree in West Yorkshire.
A team of girls from the United States have won a science and technology competition in New York, after being told twice that they wouldn't have been able to go because of visa problems.
Ospreys made it three wins out of three in the Pro12 with a convincing victory over Treviso at Liberty Stadium.
Scotland's first minister has paid tribute to the people who have helped keep the country going during the winter weather in his Christmas message.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an abscess on his appendix and is to have surgery to have it removed.
The row between Apple and the FBI over the use of encryption keys is the latest chapter in the history of the internet's encryption system.
Deutsche Bank has published its analysis of the two possible outcomes of the UK general election.
The US manufacturing sector grew at its slowest pace in more than two years in June, according to a closely-watched survey, while construction spending rose last month.
As the Democratic Republic of Congo marks the 40th anniversary of one of the greatest sporting events of the 20th Century, the BBC's Hugh Kinsella Cunningham meets some of the boxers hoping to emulate Muhammad Ali.
At Camden Leisure Centre in north London's Chalcots estate, the leisure centre is a hive of activity, bustling with activity.
Homelessness is a big problem in the UK, as we found out when Alex, the main character in the BBC One drama The Night Manager, ended up in a hostel.
Irish airline Aer Lingus has said it is to end its summer flights to the Republic of Ireland due to a lack of demand.
At least one person has been killed in an explosion in the south-eastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir, officials say.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has announced he is to step down at the end of his first term in office.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death at a park in Bristol on New Year's Day.
Portadown will attempt to secure their Premiership status for next season when they take on Ballinamallard United at Mourneview Park on Saturday.
Pro-Ukrainian hackers are carrying out a sophisticated campaign of cyber warfare against the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine.
A man who tried to board a flight from Edinburgh Airport with a suitcase containing knives, a gas canister of CS gas and 10 knuckledusters has been jailed for two years.
Tata Steel is in advanced talks to sell its Scunthorpe steelworks to a private equity firm, the BBC understands.
American Phil Mickelson became the first player to shoot a first-round 63 in the Open Championship at Royal Troon as he carded a six-under-par 65 to lead by one shot at the halfway stage.
The Olympic Games are over and London's transport system is starting to get back to normal.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell, but shares in Dixons Carphone and WH Smith were among the top risers on the London market.
The number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales has risen to an average of 15 a day, figures have shown.
Landowners have been given guidance on how to deal with dog-walking on their land.
A Northern Ireland-based musician is visiting Washington DC to launch a bone marrow donor recruitment drive.
The Welsh Government's five-year budget will be unveiled to AMs on Tuesday - but what do we know for sure?
A lorry has crashed into the front of a house after it hit a railway line.
England prop Alex Corbisiero has joined the British and Irish Lions on their tour of Australia after prop Cian Healy was ruled out of the rest of the tour.
Malaysia's 1MDB state investment fund has been at the centre of one of the biggest corruption scandals in the country's history.
Plans to build up to 100 new homes in the Govanhill area of Glasgow have been approved as part of a £44m housing strategy for the area.
The price of oil has fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA).
Opposition parties have criticised the Welsh government's decision to temporarily close a youth employment scheme which has helped create more than 17,000 jobs over the last five years.
Thousands of people have attended the Women's March on Belfast and sister marches in cities across the UK.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found seriously injured in a garden.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into why it is taking so long to close the pay gap between men and women in Scotland.
A hospital trust has apologised to the family of a patient who waited eight hours for a bedside examination and was offered "nothing to eat or drink" before being admitted to a ward.
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen's National Front (FN) party has been accused of defrauding the European Parliament of more than €1.3m (£1.1m; $1.2m) in payments.
The government is to impose a salary cap of £35,000 a year on foreign workers who want to settle in the UK, in a bid to cut net migration.
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been named Scotland's best visitor attraction for the 10th consecutive year.
London Underground (LU) drivers are to be balloted on strike action in a dispute over rosters for the new all-night Tube service, the Aslef union has said.
A new museum is to open its doors to the public for the first time in Pembrokeshire.
Residents in Wrexham are being rehoused after the town was hit by flooding in the wake of Storm Desmond.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been charged with corruption in connection with the construction of a luxury apartment complex in Jerusalem.
European leaders are holding emergency talks in Brussels to try to reach a deal on how to deal with Turkey over the migrant crisis.
The UK has warned its citizens not to travel to the US states of North Carolina and Mississippi over new laws that restrict protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally believes the club will not be able to sustain top-flight football in the future without a new stadium.
Police are continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding the death of a man whose body was found at a house in Paisley.
Ipswich Town moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a hard-fought victory at Derby County.
The best way to throw a ball is to throw it into a wastebasket, according to a new study.
Warwickshire seamer Jake Thornton is among three players to have signed new contracts with the County Championship Division One club.
Vote Leave has launched a competition to see who can win £50,000 by correctly predicting the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning of snow across much of Scotland on Saturday night.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon expects the majority of his squad to remain at Easter Road next season.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has ruled out the possibility of becoming the next president of world football's governing body, Sepp Blatter has said.
It's well known that one in five women in the UK is suffering from post-partum depression.
Darts broadcaster Eric Bristow has been dropped by Sky Sports after he made "appalling" comments about child sex abuse in the sport.
Two people have been charged in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC is to launch a new Ideas Service and make "bigger and bolder" TV dramas, the corporation has announced.
US home improvement retailer Home Depot has reported a sharp rise in sales for the final three months of 2015, helped by a surge in sales in the US housing market.
Plymouth Argyle have signed teenage striker Nyal Bell on a season-long loan from League One rivals Rochdale.
A Turkish court has begun hearing evidence in the trial of 20 people accused of taking part in a coalmine disaster that killed more than 1,000 people.
The focus is turning to the battle for Mosul, the last major city in Iraq still under the control of so-called Islamic State.
Jamie Murray and Marcelo Melo beat Marcelo Demoliner and Ivan Dodig 6-2 6-4 to reach the Monte Carlo Masters final.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged in connection with a hoax bomb alert at a London Tube station.
A court in India has sentenced five policemen to life in jail for the murders of 20 Sikh men in the northern state of Pilibhit in 1993, in one of the most high-profile cases of its kind.
A leading educationist has called for China's children to learn more about Chinese culture, as well as maths and science, in a speech in Shanghai.
Employees of some of the UK's biggest companies could have a say in how their bosses are paid, the government has said.
The owner of a shipyard which was bought by a Formula 1 team has said he hopes to create 1,300 jobs in the next five years.
The sister of a teenage girl who was beaten to death 40 years ago is to make an emotional appeal for information on BBC One's Crimewatch programme later.
The family of a teenage girl who was killed in a crash have paid tribute to a "beautiful, talented, loving daughter and sister".
Five members of the Department of Housing's board have resigned.
Guus Hiddink has been appointed Chelsea's interim manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal after Jose Mourinho was sacked.
British number two doubles pair Naomi Broady and Heather Watson lost 6-3 6-2 to Chan Shuai-wei and Yanina Wickmayer in the Hong Kong Open final.
Australia won the Four Nations title for the first time in their history with an emphatic victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
A new surf lagoon in Snowdonia has been forced to close for the rest of the season due to a series of faults.
A campaign has been launched to save the Grade II-listed clock tower of a former mill destroyed by fire.
Oxford University's next vice chancellor has said it is "imperative" that universities have a free and open debate about radicalisation and extremism.
Richard Linklater's film The Birth of a Nation has won the top prize at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards for best picture.
Scottish Borders Council has announced the departure of a senior member of staff, including its deputy chief executive.
World number one Lydia Ko is in a three-way tie for the lead at the halfway stage of the Women's PGA Championship after a one-under-par 71 in round two.
Joe Garner, the head of BT's Openreach division, is to leave the telecoms firm to take up a new job as chief executive of the Nationwide building society.
Kilmarnock have signed Jake Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
The Church in Wales has written to Gwynedd council to object to a plan to create a new campus in a row over the role of its shadow governing body.
A "dominant bully" has been jailed for life after being found guilty of trying to smuggle guns and ammunition into the UK from the Netherlands.
The New Horizons spacecraft is about to fire its thrusters for the final time before making its historic flyby of Pluto.
England fly-half Danny Cipriani has signed a new two-year contract with Wasps, which will see him return to the club next season.
Plans to build a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset have been put on hold after the government said it would review the project.
Grimsby Town moved up to third in the National League table with victory over Aldershot Town at Blundell Park.
McDonald's is having to ration French fries in some of its stores in Japan.
Wales scrum-half Jamie Roberts will make his Oxford University debut in Saturday's Varsity match against Cardiff Blues.
Judges in England and Wales should consider the psychological impact of sexual abuse more closely when sentencing offenders, under new guidelines for the courts.
Wigan Athletic have re-signed Manchester United striker Rhoys Powell on a season-long loan deal.
The new president of Austria's governing party has said it is possible to work with the far-right Freedom Party if certain criteria are met.
When Jordan Spieth won his first Masters as a 14-year-old amateur in 1999, he signed a one-year contract with his father that would have allowed him to go home at the end of the tournament and take his clubs with him.
Millions of people in the self-assessment system are being urged to renew their tax credits before the 31 January deadline.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been shortlisted by Bolton Wanderers for the vacant manager's job at Highbury Town.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Todd Johnston was disappointed not to make it two wins from two in the Elite League this weekend.
The world's largest container ship has docked in Suffolk for the first time, becoming the first of its kind to dock in the county.
Glamorgan bowled Gloucestershire out for 220 on the opening day of their County Championship Division Two match at Bristol.
It is "perverse and counterproductive" to use money raised from a sugar tax on soft drinks to pay for healthy-pupils facilities, councils have said.
Jaguar Land Rover has announced plans to launch a new Defender model next year, the first vehicle to be named after the iconic British military vehicle.
Southampton manager Claude Puel says he wants to keep Virgil van Dijk at the club next season.
Akzo Nobel, the world's biggest paint supplier, has again rejected a takeover offer from US rival PPG Industries.
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 14-0 in the first round of the Scottish Women's Premier League Cup.
The Red Cross has warned that Yemen may soon run out of food aid, as the UN calls for more humanitarian access to the war-torn country.
Northern Ireland's only direct air route between Northern Ireland and the United States will no longer be operated by United Airlines, the airline has announced.
South Africa coach Michael Mashaba has blamed poor preparation for the team's poor form at the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Russia has launched a new online version of the world's most popular online encyclopaedia, the Russian edition of Wikipedia.
Chris Fearon thought about quitting athletics at the end of last season.
Kris Boyd believes Scottish football could learn a lot from Major League Soccer if it were to play matches in the United States.
Four men arrested in connection with the deaths of a girl and her cousin in a hit-and-run crash in Oldham have been de-arrested.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed Southampton midfielder Luke Gape on a season-long loan deal.
An 11-year-old boy who ran the 100m without using a walking frame has won an outstanding achievement award at the Yorkshire Awards.
The UN climate change talks in Paris have ended in stalemate, with no deal in sight.
David Ginola has launched his bid to succeed Sepp Blatter as president of Fifa, saying the current system is "not working".
Northern Ireland's Kerry Doherty will begin the defence of her Women's World Championship title against Kyren Evans in the first round of qualifying.
It's not every day you get the chance to take on one of the world's greatest ever cricketers.
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte is confident his players will recover from injury in time for the start of the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon in January.
A man died after being set on fire by a Taser Taser fired by a police officer, an inquest has heard.
The RMT union has accused Southern rail of trying to "sell out safety" in a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
California has declared a state of emergency in two counties where wildfires are burning out of control, the state's governor has said.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr and assistant Steve Watson after a run of one win in nine National League games.
Police investigating the kidnapping and torture of a California woman who was found tied up with a message scrawled on her body have said she may have had her hair cut off.
Campaigners are trying to save Reading's Grade II-listed Victorian hot baths from closure after the local authority said it would sell the building.
It's been a day of news in emojis.
The family of a woman who died after being hit by a car in Swansea have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister who will never be forgotten".
Canada's Adam Hadwin won the Canadian Open for the second time in three years with a one-shot victory at Royal Birkdale.
The SDLP has given advice to a community group planning to hold a protest parade in north Belfast's Ardoyne area over the weekend.
An oak in Glasgow has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Ian Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling after winning two world track titles and a Commonwealth Games medal but missing out on an Olympic medal.
Manchester United team-mate Ashley Young says he is hoping to end a three-and-a-half year absence from the England squad by impressing manager Louis van Gaal this season.
India's controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station has started generating electricity for the first time.
A coroner has said he will write to the health trust where a woman died after a hernia operation to raise concerns about weekend staffing levels.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster.
Special measures at the UK's biggest naval dockyard are likely to last up to five years, the nuclear safety watchdog has said.
A man wanted in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries has been traced by police.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a children's playground.
Birmingham City have won their appeal against the red card shown to Ryan Adams in their Championship win over Birmingham City.
The bodies of a mother and her two-year-old son have been found at a house in east London.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for more animals to be allowed on hospital wards.
Eating disorders charity Beat is calling for a minimum purchase age of 16 for children to be banned from buying stimulant laxatives such as Dulcolax and Senokot.
One of the UK's top trade negotiators has told the BBC News website that he wants a free trade deal with the European Union after Brexit.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing to question two more people as part of an investigation into the identity of one of the London attackers.
The Welsh Government is to decide the pay and conditions of teachers' in Wales, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has announced.
Two teenagers have been taken to hospital following a two-vehicle crash in Perth.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new Jewish exhibition at the former Nazi death camp at Auschwitz-Birkenau in Poland.
More Syrian refugees have been housed in Wales since the start of the year than in any other part of the UK, according to new figures.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, one of the UK's best-known fitness coach, is taking to the stage in Windsor this weekend as part of a series of events to encourage people to get active.
One person has died after a tank crashed into a car taking part in a Nato exercise in Norway, police say.
In the aftermath of Friday's attack on the main mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, hundreds of people have been protesting against what they see as an attack on their faith.
Police in Italy have seized more than 1.5bn euros ($1.8bn; Â£1.1bn) in assets from a notorious criminal who was once linked to one of the country's most notorious organised crime gangs.
Two German men have been sentenced to up to eight strokes of the cane in Singapore for vandalising a train during a visit to the city-state.
A project to protect the heritage of Snowdonia's mountains has been awarded a £198,000 grant.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile attack on a Syrian airbase, state media report.
Belfast Giants have announced that they will host a special match in the 2017-18 Elite League season to mark the 10th anniversary of the Belfast Giants.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of being a member of a terrorist organisation, his lawyer has said.
A memorial service has been held in north London to mark the start of work to excavate a burial ground to make way for the new HS2 high-speed rail line.
Darren Stevens hit an unbeaten century to give Kent the upper hand over Essex in the County Championship Division Two title race.
The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has said the Lebanese Shia militant group has been sending fighters to Syria to help the government of Bashar al-Assad.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said a second independence referendum is likely to be held in the autumn of 2018.
A large fire has broken out in the back garden of a house in Kent.
A suspected World War Two bomb has been found in a Lancashire park.
Police officers in mid and west Wales are to start wearing body-worn cameras in a bid to improve "transparency in policing".
Comedian Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 consecutive days across South Africa for Comic Relief in March.
Former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson believes Scott Allan would be a perfect fit for Celtic if he were to join the Glasgow giants this summer.
A woman has died after being found "unresponsive" in her cell at a Lancashire police station.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt said he was "incredibly proud" of his players after they fought back from 17 points down to beat Argentina on the opening match of their summer tour.
A Japanese man who left his three-year-old son in the middle of the road as punishment for throwing stones at cars has said he has forgiven him.
A pensioner from Aberdeenshire has been given a community payback order after he was caught drinking and driving while more than twice the legal limit.
The owners of a former hospital have been ordered to pay £940,000 after failing to carry out essential maintenance work on its listed buildings.
An Israeli policeman has been placed on forced leave after a video emerged showing him attacking a Palestinian man in a row over a parking space near a lorry.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick is the best player in English football, according to former boss Sir Alex Ferguson.
A modelling agency has been accused of sexism after it advertised a job for a woman with a "b-c cup" in an advert for a £40,000-a-year job.
More than half of English Christians do not believe in the resurrection of Jesus, according to a Church of England survey.
A search is under way to find out where the graves of four little girls killed in a World War One explosion at a Wrexham cottage are buried.
The daughter of former Labour peer Lord Janner, who has been accused of historical child sex abuse, has said she is "outraged" by the inquiry into allegations against him.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is "totally innocent" of the violence that has marred some of his rallies in recent days.
Children who read a tabloid newspaper as a child have better vocabulary than those who do not, a study has found.
Grimsby Town have signed Scunthorpe United midfielder Chris Davis on a two-year deal.
As we head to the polls on Thursday, we've been taking a look at some of the more unusual images you've sent in on social media.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit next month to discuss the implications of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Aid has arrived in Vanuatu to help those affected by Cyclone Pam.
A man has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a woman in the German city of Hannover, police say.
Barnsley moved off the foot of the League One table thanks to goals from Danny Roberts and Luke Fletcher in a 2-0 victory over Coventry City.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe believes his side's poor start to the season could be down to a lack of confidence.
When Mahatma Gandhi moved into a house in the western Indian state of Madhya Pradesh in 1939, a young man named Kanu Gandhi was taking pictures of him.
A man has been arrested in connection with an assault on two women at a flat in Edinburgh city centre.
The Welsh government is to seek compensation from a Torfaen company which has gone into administration, leaving hundreds of staff facing redundancy.
A former mayor who defended a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape should consider his future as a councillor, a council leader has said.
American Jason Dufner will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational after a record-equalling second round at Bay Hill.
A council has defended a ban on cyclists riding in a town centre area where the Tour of Britain race will be held next month.
Three Syrian refugees in the German city of Leipzig have been hailed as heroes for foiling a terror plot after foiling the capture of a suspected suicide bomber.
The average wealth of working-age households in the UK has risen by 5% in the last decade, according to a new report.
Voters in Spain go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new left-wing party, Podemos (We Can), and the Socialists of Spain (PSOE), the main opposition Popular Party, in a repeat of last year's inconclusive election.
Liverpool have signed striker Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for a fee of £37m.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was raped at a train station.
The good news for BP is two-fold.
Pupils at a Belfast school have been sent home from lessons for wearing the wrong clothes, the BBC has learned.
Bollywood director Sanjay Bhansali is planning to make a film based on the life of Indian boxer Mary Kom, who is from the country's north-eastern states.
The new £1.35bn Queensferry Crossing could open to the public by May 2017, the project's boss has said.
Plans to end the defence of parents who smack their children have been branded "scaremongering" by campaigners.
As the BBC's John Sudworth reports from the southern Chinese city of Wukan, there are growing calls from across the country for the BBC to leave the country.
"It's the greatest thing that's happened in the history of the United States of America."
A Kent company is to open its first washing machine production line in the South East.
US President Barack Obama has criticised David Cameron's handling of the Libyan conflict after the ousting of long-serving leader Col Muammar Gaddafi.
The Court of Appeal in Belfast has heard evidence from the prosecution service in a bid to quash a weapons conviction given to an IRA man in the 1980s.
North Korea has sentenced a US citizen to life in prison after finding him guilty of "hostile acts" against the state.
Raith Rovers have signed midfielder Dom Thomas from Scottish Premiership rivals Motherwell for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions ended Salford Red Devils' hopes of a top-four finish in the Super League table with a comfortable victory at the AJ Bell Stadium.
Sam Spiro and Jaime Winstone are to star as Dame Barbara Windsor in a new BBC One drama, Babs Windsor, based on the life of the iconic actress.
Soldiers in Ivory Coast have taken control of the capital, Abidjan, and the southern city of Bouaké in a mutiny that has spread to other parts of the country.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill which would have eliminated the so-called tampon tax.
The UK economy is "turning a corner", Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech to the Confederation of British Industry.
It's not every day you get to be in the press box at a European leaders' summit.
Plaid Cymru has published its manifesto for the assembly election.
Plans to build a new primary school on a former landfill site in Sheffield have been given the go-ahead.
Scottish pig farmers are struggling to cope with a sharp fall in the price of Scottish pork, according to a leading industry body.
When it comes to luxury goods, there are plenty of people making them - and many of them are making them better than you.
Thieves who stole £1m worth of Network Rail signalling cable and sold it for scrap have been jailed.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been found guilty of throwing eggs at the house of a neighbour, causing minor damage and possession of a controlled substance.
The idea that children with disabilities should be fully included in the education system has come a long way since the 1970s.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens assistant coach Keiron Cunningham as their new director of rugby.
Rod Temperton, the songwriter who wrote Thriller for Michael Jackson, has died, his record label has announced.
England women's Sarah Taylor has been suspended by the International Cricket Council (ICC) over an alleged breach of discipline.
Cardiff City made a winning start to the Championship season as a late goal from striker Kenneth Zohore gave them victory at Burton Albion.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in Greater Manchester.
Tributes are pouring in for actress Carrie Fisher, who is in intensive care after suffering a heart attack on a plane.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on parts of the M74 and M8 motorways as part of a £1.1bn upgrade project.
Moeen Ali hit a career-best 63 to help England close in on victory in the decisive fifth Test against South Africa at Old Trafford.
Amputee football is growing in popularity in Scotland, but how do you get into the sport and what is it like to play on crutches?
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan last year would have been "deeply unconscious" when they were killed, an inquest has heard.
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says it is "disappointing" not to have signed a new long-term contract with the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don says he is worried about the decline in the number of independent garden centres supplying supermarkets with plants.
A diver has been rescued from the sea off the north west Scotland after suffering from hypothermia.
Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial that he tried to save the life of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after she had been shot in the head with a cricket bat.
Israel has launched an investigation into alleged price-fixing of school trips to Auschwitz-Birkenau and other Holocaust memorials.
Struggling Bradford City were held to a draw by League One strugglers Oldham in an entertaining draw at Valley Parade.
Nice have signed Dutch midfielder Javi Sneijder as they continue their preparations for next season.
Dover climbed out of the National League relegation zone with a 3-1 win at home to Chester.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest in Falmouth against the expansion of student housing in the town.
The M8 motorway upgrade project has reached a "pivotal point" in the three year project, Transport Scotland has said.
Drug addicts in Wrexham could get help from a new treatment centre in Rhosddu, Gwynedd.
Ed Miliband has told a rally in Glasgow that he will not do a deal with the SNP if Labour fails to win a majority in next week's general election.
The number of weddings held in Gretna last year was the lowest since records began, according to new figures.
A woman who went missing with her three-year-old son has been urged by police to contact them and come to terms with her decision to give him up.
Councillors in Pembrokeshire have voted to hold a second public consultation on the future of education in the town.
Hospitals are used to being busy at the best of times, but are they getting any busier?
The family of a boy scarred for life after being mauled by a neighbour's dog in Cardiff has been awarded £50,000 in compensation.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue in Devon.
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015, the fastest annual rate of increase since 2006, according to the country's largest mortgage lender.
A Pembrokeshire man has claimed to have found the flag of his great-great-grandfather, who fought in the Battle of Jutland in 1775.
A British student has been jailed for two years in the United Arab Emirates for possessing cocaine with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and possession of a small amount of drugs.
The police have been given access to a former IRA man's account of life in Northern Ireland during the Troubles.
Russia's Vladimir Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal after failing a drugs test at Rio 2016.
Antonio Antonio scored twice as Nottingham Forest twice came from behind to earn a point at Watford.
The first minister has said it is "more important than ever" to spread the message of "togetherness and unity" in his Christmas message.
The PGA Tour is being urged to adopt strict anti-doping rules in time for next year's Olympic Games in Rio.
How many times have you said things like: "I love you, you're the best thing that's ever happened to me."
Australian police have released new CCTV footage showing the moment they entered the Lindt Cafe in Sydney, where a gunman killed one person before he was shot dead by officers.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are to be scrapped after being sold to ship recycling companies.
Salford Red Devils have signed Wales international Tyrone McCarthy from Catalans Dragons for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a Lincolnshire fish and chip shop, police have said.
The world's chemical weapons watchdog says it has received the final declaration of Syria's entire chemical weapons stockpile, which is due to be destroyed in November.
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis could be a "fundamental" treatment for the disease, doctors have said.
A bookshop which has been dubbed one of the best in the world is appealing for help to pay for structural work to keep it standing.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed Asda's decision to increase the price it pays for milk.
The government has lost a vote in the House of Lords over plans to give English MPs a veto over laws affecting only England.
A man who admitted posting "gruesome" comments on Facebook about a Fife toddler who was later found dead has been jailed for two years.
Cyprus is preparing to vote on whether to accept a bailout deal agreed with the European Union and International Monetary Fund.
Two climbers have climbed to the tops of St Kilda's two highest sea stacks, Stac Lee and Stac an Armin.
A Cardiff speed camera has issued more than 13,000 penalty notices for speeding drivers in its first year of operation.
The inquests into the deaths of the victims of the Manchester terror attack have heard the bomber died of "multiple injuries" when he carried out the attack.
The Department of Infrastructure (DRD) has been told to pay damages to a County Antrim firm after it lost out on a multi-million pound contract, the High Court has ruled.
Mae'r cynlluniau yng Nghymru wedi dweud wrth i'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth yn cael ei hadeiladu dros y ffordd i gysylltu gogleddol a deheuol y ddinas.
A Derbyshire psychiatrist who has been jailed for a further 12 years after carrying out a series of "brutal and sustained" attacks on patients has had his jail term increased.
Two disabled people have won the right to have a judicial review into the government's handling of a new disability benefit switchover.
David Cameron and Jeremy Corbyn have clashed over the government's record on tax in their first Prime Minister's Questions debate.
Shots have been fired in the centre of the German city of Stuttgart in what appears to have been a case of mistaken identity, police say.
Northern Ireland's five largest teaching unions have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education.
More than half of nurseries and childminders are unsure whether they will be able to provide free childcare for young children, a survey suggests.
Scientists have solved the mystery of why flamingos are able to rest on one leg.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a 19-year-old man who was hit by a car in west Belfast.
The RMT union has accepted a new pay and benefits offer from London Underground in a long-running dispute over the Night Tube.
The mother of Madeleine McCann, who went missing from her home in Portugal 10 years ago, is taking part in a bike ride across the UK to raise money for charity.
A Canadian woman has been charged in Turkey with insulting the country's president, her lawyer has said.
The search for a man who went missing near the Forth Bridge in East Lothian has ended.
Plans to increase the number of restaurants in a planned for a £500m retail development have been approved.
Venezuela's Supreme Court's decision to suspend the powers of the opposition-controlled National Assembly has been condemned by several Latin American countries.
Councils in Wales will not be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care costs, the Welsh Government has said.
A 19-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a group of men in a Leicestershire park.
Passenger numbers at Edinburgh and Glasgow airports have recorded their busiest January on record, according to new figures.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is at a "turbulent juncture" and is facing a range of risks.
Europe's finance ministers have been meeting in Brussels to try to sort out how to deal with the crisis in Cyprus.
Two men have appeared in court in Zimbabwe charged in connection with the killing of a lion in the capital, Harare, in July.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from the military after they were filmed carrying British flags at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The Conservatives have gained Tatton from the Liberal Democrats after the party held the seat in Cheshire West and Chester.
At least 20 people have been killed in an explosion in the centre of the Syrian capital, Damascus, the country's state news agency, Sana, has said.
A double-decker bus has come off the road and ended up on its side on the edge of the Jed Water.
A man has been jailed for life for the "brutal and senseless" murder of a Romanian woman whose body was found in a West Bromwich flat.
Scotland has missed its annual target for reducing greenhouse gas emissions for the first time, according to new official figures.
How much do we know about King Arthur and who is he really is?
A campaign group has accused the company behind the planned high-speed rail network, HS2, of being "less than honest" about the number of weekends it will have to close.
A lorry driver who caused the death of a three-month-old baby girl in a head-on crash has been jailed for eight years.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley could be charged with contempt of Parliament after he refused to appear before MPs in a row over working practices at the firm's warehouse.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his sister-in-law before setting her on fire in a suspected arson attack in Greater Manchester.
A tree in east London is to become the first in the UK to have a "tree office" where people can rent office space for free.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has scrapped knighthoods and damehoods, reversing a decision made by his predecessor.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 28-24 in a dramatic Super Bowl half-time show in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
A Denbighshire-born actor has revealed he is playing the role of Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film at London's Royal Albert Hall.
Leeds United have signed midfielder Marko Benedicic on a season-long loan from AC Milan.
Work on an arts and innovation centre in Gwynedd has been described as a "mess" by a construction worker.
The BBC's James Reynolds reports from the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon, where armed militia have taken over the headquarters of the US Fish and Wildlife Service.
The parents of a teenage girl who was murdered 16 years ago are to hold their last fundraising event in her memory.
A man in his 40s has died after a crash on the Kilkeel Road in Strabane, County Tyrone.
Residents of north Belfast's Ardoyne area have staged a protest against the departure of the outgoing Bishop of Londonderry, Fr Gerard Donegan.
Shares in SABMiller, the owner of Budweiser and Stella Artois, have jumped after its rival AB InBev raised its takeover offer for the British brewer.
An all-white humpback whale known as "Migaloo" has been spotted travelling up Australia's east coast.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish government will "not be sacrificed to the chancellor's austerity obsession".
A court in Denmark has sentenced a journalist to jail for selling details of celebrity honeymoons to a satirical magazine.
Ipswich Town goalkeeper Craig Andrew has been given a one-game touchline ban for headbutting Sunderland's Chris Brunt during the 2-2 draw at White Hart Lane.
Former England all-rounder James Taylor has signed a one-day contract with Northamptonshire and former Nottinghamshire and Warwickshire wicketkeeper-batsman David Sales has joined the county's coaching staff.
Former Manchester United winger Nani says Valencia's players are still adapting to life back in La Liga.
England manager Sam Allardyce says he is concerned about the future of Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Michael O'Shea scored the only goal of the game as Chesterfield moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory over Port Vale.
China's imports fell by more than expected in September, adding to concerns that the world's second largest economy may be losing momentum.
A peer has been found guilty of posting a Facebook post offering a reward of up to Â£5,000 for the first person to "accidentally" run over Gina Miller.
The number of road deaths in England and Wales rose by 39% in the year ending September 2015, according to new figures.
Businesses in Scotland are preparing for the impact of the UK's decision to leave the European Union, according to a new survey.
Manchester United have no new injury worries ahead of Sunday's Premier League match against Chelsea at Old Trafford.
The two leading candidates in France's centre-right presidential primary debate have clashed over economic and social policy in their final TV debate.
The way fathers interact with their newborn babies could have a positive impact on their cognitive development, a study suggests.
David Cameron has said he is "proud" of the free school meals promised in the Conservatives' election manifesto.
Residents in Pembrokeshire could have their black bags collected three times a week in a bid to save money.
A California man has been sentenced to 16 years in jail for killing and dismembering 18 cats, some of them as young as three.
A non-league football club has become the first in the UK to go vegan.
St Mirren have signed former Kilmarnock midfielder Paul van Zanten on a one-year deal following his release by Buddies.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the French Open for the first time in three years, but world number one Serena Williams was knocked out in the quarter-finals.
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have voted in favour of the Scottish government's plan to revaluate the council tax bands.
Hull City will be boosted by the news that captain Lee Cattermole will be available after missing the FA Cup win over Southampton.
Manchester City have made a £40m bid for West Bromwich Albion defender Jonny Evans.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War Two veteran whose family said they were "overwhelmed" by the response to an advert in a newspaper and on social media.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson missed out on the chance to win her first major international title as she finished third in the long jump final at the European Indoor Championships.
One of the passengers who fought off a gunman on board a train travelling from Amsterdam to Paris has spoken of the horror of the terror attack on board the high-speed train.
A Galapagos tortoise at a zoo in the US state of California has died at the age of 85.
The United States women's football team that won the Women's World Cup will take part in a parade in New York City later this week.
The funeral of two brothers who were found dead in a car in the Republic of Ireland has taken place.
A former Hungarian police officer who admitted sexually assaulting a young girl has been jailed for eight years.
Plans to build a new centre for young people with learning disabilities in Torfaen have taken a step forward.
A set of photographs of the Dambusters raids on the Mohne and Edersee reservoirs in Dorset in World War Two have sold at auction.
A Dumfries and Galloway butcher has come up with a new way of celebrating Easter.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino is "desperate to play again" after the West Brom striker scored his first goal for the club in the 1-0 win at Aston Villa.
A Russian conductor has given a concert in the ruins of the Syrian city of Palmyra, where Islamic State (IS) militants killed dozens of people last year.
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a performance of an opera about the 1985 hijacking of a cruise ship by Palestinian militants, amid concerns over rising anti-Semitism.
Kris Clark hopes his first season in charge of Kilmarnock can help restore the "wow factor" to Scottish Premiership football after a season of "dicing with survival".
The UK is sending a "perverse signal" to the rest of the world by cutting subsidies to renewables, the UN's climate change chief has said.
For the past two years, Prof Yuko Arai has been teaching a robot to read and write.
Rebels in Syria say they have captured the pilot of a fighter jet that crashed in the north-west of the country, killing him.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in becoming the new head coach of French Top 14 side Toulon.
The long-serving voice of Kermit the Frog is to be replaced by a character actor for the next series of Muppets Most Wanted.
Police investigating the death of a 23-year-old man in Larkhall have made a fresh appeal for information.
An oil rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency has said.
A man who admitted causing the death of a teenager in a crash in Cambridgeshire while over the drink-driving limit has been jailed for two years.
Widnes Vikings head coach Danny Betts says he is positive his side can bounce back from a run of just one win in their last eight Super League games.
Aston Villa head coach Steve Black has dropped midfielder Martin Olsson from his first-team plans after the player refused to play for the club again.
A man has escaped injury after a house in west Belfast was set alight in the early hours of the morning.
Welsh Labour and the Conservatives are to launch their party manifestos for the Welsh and UK general election on Thursday.
A swan shot with an arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild after being cared for by the Scottish SPCA.
The Council for Wales of Voluntary Youth Services (CWVYS) has become the first in the UK to register its members as youth work teachers.
Amnesty International has said it is "deeply concerned" by reports that Saudi Arabia is planning to put to death dozens of Shia Muslims in the coming days.
National League side Boreham Wood have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Luke Morgan-Smith on a one-year deal.
A herd of zebras have gone on the run in the Canadian city of Montreal, in what has been described as "the wildest escape of the year".
Four climbers have been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a cliff ledge on the Isle of Skye.
An MP is to face no further action over allegations of misconduct in public office, the Crown Office has said.
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to win an outright majority in the general election, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
Reading for pleasure is good for the mental and physical health, according to a new report.
Formula 1 team principal Christian Horner says he is "amazed" Silverstone has triggered a "break clause" in its contract to host the British Grand Prix.
A lifeboat station in Porthcawl has installed a high-definition weather camera to monitor sea conditions.
United Airlines is giving away a million miles worth of free air travel to hackers who report security holes in its websites.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A new study has found that a horse's heart rate can speed up when they see angry or happy faces.
More than 1,000 people have been tested for drink driving in north Wales in the last year, police have said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked in a street in East Lothian.
Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga as Atletico Madrid were held to a draw by Espanyol thanks to Lucas Leiva's late equaliser.
Ben Davies scored his first Tottenham goal of the season as they came from behind to beat Aston Villa in the FA Cup third round at White Hart Lane.
Insurance company Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office with the loss of up to 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his players have created a record-equalling record of 25 Premier League wins out of 30 matches this season.
A trial of a drug to reduce the risk of HIV infection is to be carried out on the NHS in Wales, it has been announced.
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against a decision to strip her of her drugs-testing record.
The Welsh housing sector contributed £1.1bn to the Welsh economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
Transport for London (TfL) has hired more than 1,000 extra staff as it prepares for the Night Tube, it has been revealed.
Fire crews have been called out to tackle a blaze at a Cardiff dockyard which has been burning for weeks.
The independent inquiry into historical child abuse in Westminster should be scrapped and replaced with a "stronger" investigation, a former Welsh government minister has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from Westminster and beyond.
Teenagers from ethnic minority backgrounds are the most likely to apply to university in England, according to new figures from the Universities and College Admissions Service (Ucas).
Hull KR survived a second-half fightback from Halifax to earn a draw in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
A baby who died of sepsis after being born in a toilet would probably have survived if he had been taken to hospital sooner, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to a council asking for a swing for her disabled twin brother to use at a new play park.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara, whose funeral was marred by a paramilitary theme, has said it was what her grandmother wanted.
Funding of £100,000 has been withdrawn from the JogScotland exercise programme, leaving thousands of people in Fife worried about their health.
The DUP's candidate in the East Belfast mayoral election is hoping to win back the support of unionists in East Belfast.
A third Metropolitan Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about a row at the gates of Downing Street.
Gemma Arterton could star in a musical version of the Oscar-nominated film Made in Dagenham, its producers have said.
England's second innings collapse in the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam may have been partly to do with the pitch rather than any lack of effort on the part of the visitors.
Two brothers have been jailed for stealing more than 100 sheep from neighbouring farms and selling them on the black market.
Greece's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has urged Russia to end the "vicious circle of Cold War rhetoric and sanctions", as the two leaders met in Athens.
Team Sky boss Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with criticism of the team's use of banned substances.
The body of St Petersburg journalist Alexander Tsilikin has been found stabbed to death in his flat in the Russian city.
The crew of the hijacked Pan Am Flight 73 have spoken out for the first time about the harrowing events leading up to and during the hijack of the plane 30 years ago.
The "potential perilous state" of British police forces is being put at risk by a "rrationing" of 999 calls, the police watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Martin Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): London's leading shares ended the day lower, dragged down by two of the UK's biggest advertising companies.
Two Canadian teenagers have appeared in court in connection with the death of a teenage girl who took her own life after a photo of her alleged rape was posted online.
World silver medallist Aneurin Bevan says he is aiming to compete at the Rio Olympics after breaking his leg at the European Championships.
Two people have been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries after a two-vehicle crash.
The search for a man who went missing while out for a jog in Powys has ended.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho accused West Ham boss Sam Allardyce of playing "football from the 19th Century" after his side were held to a goalless draw at Stamford Bridge.
The UN special envoy to Syria has warned that the peace process in the country could collapse at any time, as fighting in Aleppo intensifies.
Mae'r Alban wedi dweud bod penderfynu ar eu hunain i Gymru yn wlad annibynnol yng Nghymru, yn ôl AC Plaid Cymru.
George North says the British and Irish Lions can kick on from where they left off in the first two matches of their New Zealand tour.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on a suspected World War Two bomb found in Rotherham.
A song about the 1966 and 1982 World Cup winning England teams has been released 30 years after it was shelved due to the Falklands War.
Bangladesh's government has sacked a Muslim head teacher who was publicly humiliated for allegedly insulting Islam.
Northern Ireland's environmental organisations have been told they will no longer receive funding from the Northern Ireland Environment Agency.
How do you go about finding the best Indian food?
Equiniti has become the first Northern Ireland-based company to win a contract to provide a time and attendance system for Her Majesty's Passport Office.
The parents of two teenage boys who went missing after going fishing off the Florida coast have appealed for help in finding their sons.
Storm Abigail has been named as the UK's first named storm of the season.
The chief constable has said the Orange Order is "stepping up to the mark" in its response to a planned parade on the Crumlin Road in north Belfast.
Bristol City will begin work on their new Ashton Gate stadium redevelopment in May, it has been confirmed.
The Lib Dems have had another disappointing by-election result, this time in Corby in North Yorkshire.
Roberto Martinez has said he will "treasure this period" as Everton manager "forever" after being sacked by the Premier League's bottom club.
Newport County have made their first signings of the summer with the double signing of midfielder Ryan Compton and defender Luke Rigg.
As Wales prepare for Euro 2016, we take a look back at some of the most memorable moments in the history of Welsh football.
Rome has begun cutting apart padlocks fastened to a landmark bridge in the Italian capital in a bid to stop them from rusting.
Friends of a British Sikh man who was murdered in India have called for a "proper investigation" into the alleged plot to kill his wife.
Garry Ringrose is being tipped as the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Britney Spears has returned to the stage in the UK for the first time in more than a decade, playing to a sold-out audience at London's Roundhouse.
Skye were held to a goalless draw at home to Kilmallie in the top flight of the Scottish shinty league.
Gawker Media has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£75,000) in damages to former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan after a video of him having sex with a woman was posted online.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has given his backing to his party colleague Seamus Eastwood in the contest to become the next leader of the party.
The AirAsia flight from Kuala Lumpur to Kuala Lumpor was the latest in a series of tragedies to hit the skies this year.
Pablo Picasso's most expensive painting to date has been sold at auction in New York, as Vincent van Gogh's portrait of his friend, Pere Manach, also fetched a record-breaking price.
Artificial intelligence is helping to speed up the discovery of new treatments for diseases such as cancer and Alzheimer's disease.
Wales lost 2-0 to Portugal in their Euro 2016 semi-final at the expense of Portugal, who reached the final for the first time in the competition's history.
A 10-year-old girl who drowned in a hotel swimming pool in Blackpool died after being pulled from the water by a former lifeguard, an inquest has heard.
A landowner in Pakistan has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a boy by tying him to a donkey and beating it to death, local media report.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Corey Neilson says the Elite League play-off semi-finals are "the hardest thing to win".
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed after a third case of flu has been confirmed in the city.
Real Madrid have confirmed that they have been asked by Fifa for information on the transfer records of 51 players under the age of 18.
Hibernian's Scott Commons says he has no plans to extend his loan spell at Easter Road beyond the end of the season after making his debut for the club on Saturday.
More than 600,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a village in the past year, according to a speed monitoring group.
EDF, the French power-grid operator, has reported a 13% fall in first-quarter net profit to €1.1bn ($1.3bn; £1.2bn) as sales fell 5% to €21.4bn.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he is still trying to find his place in snooker's elite despite being one of the sport's top players for the past two years.
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to continue to broadcast the Six Nations rugby union championship until 2017.
Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard was booed off the pitch after his farewell speech to the club's fans on Monday night - but it was the reaction of the QPR fans who were the ones who had the most to say.
Northern Ireland's justice minister has said he has been assured the government intends to honour a promise of £1.5m to help deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
Catalonia, the Spanish region of Catalonia, is at the centre of a political crisis which could define the future of the country.
Guildford Borough Council has been given an extension to the deadline for a decision on a £50m redevelopment of a former airfield site.
Two County Londonderry-based search and rescue charities are to receive a total of £31,000 in grants from the UK government.
Sydney has marked the first anniversary of the siege at a cafe in the city centre where two women were killed.
Avon and Somerset Police's chief constable has returned to work after being cleared of a string of misconduct charges.
The Football Association of England has written to Fifa asking them to allow players to wear poppies on armbands against Russia.
Venezuela has said it is continuing the search for survivors of a military helicopter that crashed last week in the south-eastern state of Tachira.
A body found in woodland in Merseyside has been confirmed as that of missing mother-of-two Stephanie Stevenson.
Keaton Jennings hit his first Championship century of the season as Somerset struggled on day one against Durham at Chester-le-Street.
Newcastle United have been given a 90-day ban from the use of their stadium and training ground following an investigation into alleged tax fraud.
Belfast City Council has agreed to write to the secretary of state, MLAs and MPs to ask them to support school principals in their fight against budget cuts.
Blackpool have signed former Blackburn Rovers and York City left-back Luke Moore on a one-year deal.
A petition to hold a referendum on directly elected mayors for Bath and North East Somerset has reached the threshold needed for the idea to go ahead.
Malaysian police say they have found the body of a man whose body was found in an oil drum in a river in Kuala Lumpur.
Detectives investigating the murder of a couple who were shot dead at a flat in south-east London have made a fresh appeal for information.
England head coach Stuart Powell praised his players after their 2-0 win over Japan sent them into the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup in Germany.
The Apprentice Boys of Derry have taken part in their annual parade through the centre of the city.
Widnes Vikings have signed Warrington Wolves centre Jake Mamo on loan until the end of the season.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) now has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria, the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) says, up from 8,000 a year ago.
Scientists are working on a mead which could help prevent people getting sick on a Saturday night out.
The European Commission has opened a "pilot case" to investigate whether the Northern Ireland Executive is being in breach of EU water legislation.
A memorial service has been held in Eastbourne and Hailsham to mark the centenary of the death of a World War One soldier.
A psychiatrist who worked on the effects of Gulf War Syndrome on military personnel has been appointed a knighthood in the New Year's Honours list.
League Two side Bury have re-signed former Bournemouth midfielder Chris Holland on a deal until the end of the season.
Colombians are going to the polls to vote in a presidential election seen as a referendum on the country's peace process.
Dawn Purvis is to step down as director of the Marie Stopes abortion clinic in Belfast.
American Olympic bronze medallist Kermit Simpson won his first match of the World Squash Championship with a 4-2 win over Egypt's Abdelhamid Abdelhadi in the second round in Glasgow.
Tom Cummins scored twice as St Johnstone secured their place in the Premiership's top four with victory at Hamilton Academical.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student whose body was found in a burning car.
Rory Ramsay says he has "more in the tank" after winning his first European Tour title with victory at the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart.
Leinster moved to the top of the Pro12 table with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has described the UK government's plan for a temporary customs union with the European Union as "nonsensical and ridiculous".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he hopes the Night Tube will be launched in the autumn, despite talks between unions and London Underground (LU) management breaking up.
NHS Grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in hospital after inspectors raised concerns about staffing levels.
Sri Lanka has rejected calls for an international tribunal to investigate alleged war crimes committed during the civil war with Tamil Tiger rebels, the UN says.
Paralympic bronze medallist Katie Butterfield set a new British record to win Great Britain's first gold medal of the Rio Paralympics with victory in the women's long jump.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has told the House of Commons there will be "no veto" for Wales in the negotiations to leave the European Union.
Counterfeit antimalarial drugs are increasing the risk of malaria in parts of the world where the disease is endemic, a study suggests.
At least three people have died in Japan after choking on a rice cake called mochi.
Teachers at an academy in Aberdeen are taking part in two days of strike action in a dispute over the running of the school.
The District of Columbia and Maryland are suing President Donald Trump over his refusal to give up profits from his business dealings with foreign governments.
A £30,000 donation from the proceeds of crime fund has helped pay for the cost of a new police training centre.
Two schools in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted after being rated "inadequate".
A woman has admitted kidnapping her three-month-old son from his bed in Shropshire.
Rangers have completed the signing of midfielder Mark Zaliukas on a two-year deal.
The prime minister has revealed her favourite TV shows as she'll be watching on Christmas Day.
Australia has signed a deal with China to allow live cattle to be exported to the world's second largest economy.
Police investigating the disappearance of an RAF serviceman are trying to trace three teenagers who may have seen him before he went missing.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games after being sent off for an elbow to the back of the head.
Dinamo Bucharest will send the postponed Romanian Cup final trophy to Cameroon if they beat CFR Cluj, where it will be placed on Patrick Ekeng's grave.
The trial of disgraced former Chinese politician Bo Xilai has dominated the front pages of state-run newspapers across China, but state media in Hong Kong and mainland newspapers are less interested in the trial.
An 85-year-old man has said he will not be able to carry his walker any longer, because he has lost the use of it.
The States of Guernsey spent more than £1.1m on advertising and promotion in the last financial year, according to new figures.
British trampoline star Bryony Gwynne has won a silver medal at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
Former Labour cabinet minister Owen Smith has said he would have voted against the Iraq invasion in 2003 if he had been in parliament at the time.
An Inverness priest has pleaded not guilty to a series of charges of physical abuse against boys at Holyroodhouse Boys' School.
The schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban is to open Birmingham City University's library to mark the first anniversary of her bravery.
A top Russian official has been arrested on suspicion of defrauding the state out of millions of dollars by selling off a mountain road built for the Sochi Winter Olympics, officials say.
The UN Security Council has agreed to send more police to Burundi, amid growing concern that the country could descend into ethnic violence.
A drunk driver has been jailed for causing the death of a police community support officer in a hit-and-run crash in Monmouthshire.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as League Two promotion hopefuls Luton Town beat Leyton Orient at Kenilworth Road.
Olympic gold medallist Elinor Barker says British Cycling should be given more credit for her success at the Track Cycling World Championships.
Toyota is to help fund the development of a flying car that could be used to light the Olympic flame in 2020.
A 92-year-old woman facing deportation from the UK could take her fight to the European Court of Human Rights, her lawyer has said.
The prime minister has said the police in Northern Ireland will be "properly resourced" to deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after rugby league player Matt Tickle was attacked outside a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire power station operator has been fined £50,000 after a worker was crushed to death when a four-wheel drive vehicle he was driving hit a shipping container.
Algerian defender Abdelhak Mbolhi has signed a new contract with Turkish top-tier side Antalyaspor.
A bid to buy a former primary school site in a Pembrokeshire town could "tip the balance" in a community's future, a community group has said.
Millwall missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a goalless draw by struggling Colchester United.
Truro City manager Gary Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" after they were relegated from the National League.
A vintage Ferrari has been fined for being parked on Kensington Mews car park after a photographer tried to take a picture of it.
In Tanzania, volunteer boda boda drivers are helping to save the lives of the sick and injured by providing emergency medical care on the roads.
(Close): The London's FTSE 100 index ended the day higher, with shares in housebuilders leading the market higher.
Men are more likely to get pay rises when they ask for them than women, a study of Australian workers has found.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with an attempted rape on a train in Moray.
Police investigating the Bloody Sunday killings have made contact with more than 100 former soldiers to see if they are willing to be interviewed.
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffyn wedi dweud wrth eu boddau gyda'u swyddi yn ymchwiliad yng Nghymru.
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a former local politician to life in prison for the murder of an opposition politician.
National League side Boreham Wood have signed former Fulham midfielder Paul Lawless on a one-year deal.
Funding for a science and technology centre in Cardiff Bay will continue until 2021, the Welsh Government has announced.
A teenager has been arrested after jumping out of a plane at San Francisco International Airport and scaling the wing before fleeing the plane.
Police investigating the discovery of a woman's body in Edinburgh are appealing for information about why she may have travelled to the capital.
Turkish police have arrested a group of British citizens suspected of trying to cross into Syria from Turkey, the BBC understands.
Italian rider Franck Petricola has died after a crash during practice for the TT races at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
A petition calling for women to be allowed to enter Hindu temples during menstruation has been launched in the southern Indian city of Kolkata (Calcutta).
A holidaymaker died after eating a bowl of ice cream on holiday on the Greek island of Rhodes, an inquest has heard.
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for indecently assaulting a 14-year old girl after meeting her on the internet.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Scotland has risen, according to new figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed that Robert Snodgrass will be out of action for six months with a cruciate knee ligament injury.
Formula 1 is home to some of the world's most famous drivers, but how many of them are you aware of?
Police are appealing for information after a woman was raped in the street in Dundee.
Vuelta a Espana leader Vincenzo Nibali has been cleared to continue in the race after a dramatic crash on stage two in Gran Canaria.
Johanna Kontaveit was knocked out of the Qatar Open in the quarter-finals as Yuliya Vondrousova beat the British number two in straight sets to win her first WTA title.
A 12-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car driven by a man who failed to stop at the scene.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past decade, according to new figures.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester.
Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Piers Piper are to appear in a special to mark the 50th anniversary of the show's first episode.
Two rockets have been fired at the southern Israeli city of Eilat from across the Mediterranean, Israeli officials say.
As Australia prepares to host the G20 summit in a few weeks from now, the BBC's Stephen Sackur takes a look at the question of whether Australia is still the Lucky Country.
When the first Gulf War was fought in 1991, it was widely seen as a turning point in the West's relationship with the Middle East.
Police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse hundreds of people protesting in the Irish capital, Dublin.
Gloucester scrum-half James Hook has returned to Welsh region Ospreys for the first time since leaving the Premiership club at the end of last season.
Chloe Grace Moretz is no stranger to speaking out about body shaming.
Plans to build an incinerator on the site of a former coal-fired power station in Norwich have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
World number one Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married, is "more nervous about starting a family" and "hopeful" of having a good friend as his best man on his wedding day.
ITV's hit crime drama Broadchurch is to end with an "emotional farewell", the broadcaster has announced.
On the eve of the 150th anniversary of the completion of the first trans-Atlantic cable, Dumfries and Galloway residents gathered to celebrate the achievements of one of the town's most famous sons.
The chief executive of a hospital trust at the centre of a row over waiting time targets has resigned.
A road widening scheme is to have temporary traffic lights installed at a junction after a rise in collisions.
A new report by a team of Russian activists working with the late Boris Nemtsov has been published in the country for the first time.
Inmates at HMP Dumfries and Galloway in South Lanarkshire are allowed to leave their cells at least once a week.
Peter Duddy ran a family fish and chip shop in Londonderry for many years.
Cigarette and tobacco with an estimated street value of more than Â£50,000 have been seized in a raid in Skegness.
Edinburgh's Hogmanay celebrations have marked the start of the city's winter festival season with a huge street party on Calton Hill.
Up to 32,000 people in the German city of Augsburg will be evacuated on Sunday to make way for the defusing of a World War Two bomb, German media report.
Scientists have discovered evidence that a group of ancient reptiles that includes crocodiles and crocodiles can have live births.
The number of GPs working in Wales has risen by 1% in the last year, according to new figures.
What do you do when things go wrong?
The test-run of a speedboat that crashed off the Isle of Wight was "inadequate", an accident report has found.
A father and son died in a plane crash in the French Alps after the pilot turned around to try to right the aircraft, an inquest has heard.
Former Foreign Secretary David Miliband has said the UK should have done more to help the Syrian opposition before the start of the civil war in 2011.
Professor Stephen Hawking is to deliver the BBC's annual Reith Lecture on the science of black holes.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in debt, the Department for Education has said.
Thousands of airport workers in Chile have gone on strike for the second time this year in a row over a pension dispute with the government.
Copenhagen police investigating the death of a Swedish journalist who went missing on board a submarine say they believe the vessel was deliberately sunk.
Regulator Ofgem is to introduce a mandatory time limit for energy suppliers to back-bill customers who have not paid their bills for 12 months, Citizens Advice has said.
The inquiry into the death of a boy who was crushed to death by a gravestone in a Glasgow cemetery has heard that hundreds of memorials deemed unsafe were removed from the site.
For decades, the image of the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) has been the quintessential spy.
Dixons Carphone, the UK and Ireland's biggest retailer, has reported a 13% rise in annual profits after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Middlesex have re-signed New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum as their overseas player for the T20 Blast campaign.
Brazil's Baosteel, the world's second-largest steelmaker, is to merge with one of China's biggest steelmakers, the state-owned China Baowu Group.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger deserves huge credit for the way his team performed in Saturday's FA Cup final victory over Aston Villa at Wembley.
On 7 August 1947, India and Pakistan became the newest countries in the world.
The former chairman of the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC), Lord Alderdice, has said he does not support the idea of a new body to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland.
Zambia's Zesco United of Zambia came from behind to beat Egypt's Al Ahly of Cairo 2-2 and keep alive their hopes of qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
Ed Sheeran has taken to social media to reveal he is taking a break from music to focus on social media.
A boy who was left brain damaged after being left brain-damaged during birth is to receive a £3.5m payout from two ambulance companies.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has accepted responsibility for his side's 3-1 Europa League final defeat by Sevilla in Basel.
Hundreds of students in the eastern Indian state of Bihar have been caught cheating in school exams this year, officials say.
James Pattinson took five wickets as Australia beat West Indies by an innings and 88 runs to level the Test series at 1-1.
Three scientists in Japan, China and the US have discovered a new treatment for malaria by studying bacteria living in soil samples from a golf course.
German industrial giants Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their offer for France's Alstom, the country's second-biggest train maker.
Hampshire's former England international Michael Carberry has scored his first County Championship century of the 2017 season.
A council chief executive paid more than £35,000 for the legal fees of a blogger who sued him for defamation, the BBC has learned.
Coleraine won the King George VI and Queen Mother Champion Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival for the first time.
Bolton and Birmingham played out a goalless draw at the Madejski Stadium.
England's preparations for Euro 2016 suffered a setback as they lost to the Netherlands in their final warm-up match at Wembley.
Scunthorpe United manager Graham Swann has urged fans not to panic despite a run of three straight league defeats.
When it comes to Italian football, there are few things as iconic as a goal scored by one of the country's best known players.
Two men have been taken to hospital following a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
Libya will not host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of the ongoing civil war in the country.
Thousands of people lined the streets of Bradford city centre for the start of the Great Yorkshire Rowing Championships.
"I've never been a big fan of zombies," says Lily James, who plays the title role in a new Jane Austen film.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for next month's European Team Championships.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes praised his players for holding Dundee to a goalless draw at Dens Park.
EastEnders is to celebrate its 30th anniversary this week after a small fire broke out during a rehearsal for the BBC One soap.
India's Paralympic team has received a warm welcome from across the world after winning a silver medal at the London Games, but the country's media seems to have missed the chance to tell the story of life for the disabled.
A former mental health social worker who was sacked after being found to have viewed more than 1,000 pornographic films has been banned from the profession.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager, ending a 25-year association with the Premier League champions.
A 26-year-old man has appeared in court charged in connection with the murder of Kilkee man Karl Haugh.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual consent following his arrest on suspicion of child sex offences.
A man from East Dunbartonshire has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for defrauding the taxman out of more than £500,000.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after voters in the borough were turned away from polling stations on the day of the local elections.
A woman from West Lothian has baked a wedding cake in the shape of a Land Rover engine to mark the car's two millionth birthday.
The Liberal Democrats have apologised to the boss of a Chelsea estate agent after a campaign to raise awareness of social care costs was launched on its website.
Barcelona have agreed to pay a fine of €5.5m (£4.8m) to Brazilian footballer Neymar's former club, Santos, over his transfer to the Spanish club in 2013.
The funerals of two of the youngest victims of the Sandy Hook school shooting have taken place in Newtown, Connecticut, as calls grow for tighter gun control laws.
Shale gas extraction should be allowed in the UK, but regulation of the technique should be strengthened, according to a new report.
The Statue of Liberty in New York City has reopened to the public after being evacuated due to a "suspicious package", officials say.
Irish Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Cowen has apologised for a television interview in which he sounded "half-way between drunk and hungover".
Crawley Town have signed striker Chris Herd on a two-year deal and striker Frank Nouble on a season-long loan from Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
Tottenham Hotspur have held talks with the Football Association about playing home games at Wembley next season, says Spurs chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconut products are used in everything from food and drink to beauty treatments and traditional medicine - but in some parts of the world, they are as much a part of daily life as the fruit itself.
UK industrial production has fallen into recession, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN's human rights chief has called for an investigation into the fatal shooting of unarmed civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre, near Diyarbakir.
A new money advice service is offering advice on what to do if you want to improve your finances this year.
Relatives of the Birmingham Six victims of the Bloody Sunday IRA bombing will not be able to claim legal aid until next year, the Home Office has said.
Australia will not hold a state funeral for legendary cricket commentator Richie Benaud, Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said.
The US has sent 275 military personnel to Iraq, the White House has said, as fighting in the north of the country intensifies.
A body has been found in the River St Fergus in Inverness, police have said.
UK house prices rose by 0.5% in the year to the end of December, according to the latest figures from the Nationwide, the UK's biggest mortgage lender.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open with a straight-set win over home favourite Nick Kyrgios.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie believes there should be a rule in Scottish football to encourage more home-grown players into the first team.
A man has died after a fire broke out at a house in north-east London.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have charged a man with the murder of a student and the attempted murder of another student.
Coldplay have marked the end of the London 2012 Festival with a free concert in the bandstands across the UK.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the history of the humble comforter.
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said Iran is committed to giving up its nuclear programme.
MSPs have accused a health board of a "culture of complacency" over how it manages its finances.
A man has died after the car he was driving was hit by a train in northern France, officials say.
The first of the missing Chibok schoolgirls to be rescued in Nigeria's north-east has been reunited with her family, the military has said.
The Irish Football Association (IFA) is to set up a new online ticketing portal for Northern Ireland fans who have not been able to buy tickets for Euro 2016 qualifiers.
Scotland will have a record number of Olympians at this summer's Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Iranian authorities are trying to put pressure on BBC Persian staff working in the country, the BBC's director in Iran has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has urged the UK government to take "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK.
Mali's government has asked parliament to provide military support to protect one of the world's rarest wild elephants from poachers in the north of the country.
The Princess Royal will hand over the colours of The Royal Welsh to the regiment at a parade in Cardiff Bay later this month.
A young Ukrainian woman has become the focus of a fierce debate on social media about the role of women in government.
A former mental health consultant has told the BBC she was put on a waiting list of inmates with severe mental health problems because of a lack of specialist help.
John McGinn is urging Hibernian's players to "get back to winning ways" as they head into the Scottish Championship's midweek fixtures.
Allegations about the activities of undercover Metropolitan Police officers in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s have continued to pile up.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has delayed the auction of 4G spectrum after it was threatened with legal action from O2 and Three owner Hutchison Whampoa.
Mexico's governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is on course to win a third consecutive term in the country's presidential election, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been linked with a move to Manchester United, and according to one expert, he could be worth up to £50m a season to the club.
The first Caledonian MacBrayne Maritime Limited (CalMac) hybrid ferry has been launched at Glasgow's Ferguson Marine shipyard.
It's that time of year when you find out how your A-level results have gone and decide whether or not you will be going to university next year.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on the last day of the year as oil prices continued to slide.
Former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said David Cameron will have to "stand down" at some point in the next Parliament.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian film-maker and columnist Elizabeth Ohene looks back at the year of 2013.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious affairs ministry, Sheikh Abdul Fattah al-Obeikan, has been removed from his post.
Tesco has agreed to sell its US business, Fresh & Easy, to Yucaipa, a Los Angeles based private equity firm.
A Cardiff health board has appointed an Australian as its new chief executive.
Former Northern Ireland international Dean Shiels has signed a one-year deal with Canadian side FC Edmonton.
Rihanna and Kanye West have recorded a new song, Four Five Seconds of Summers, which features a duet with Sir Paul McCartney.
The police chief in the US city of Baltimore has resigned after months of criticism of his leadership of the force.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug Roaccutane has reached an all-time high, despite warnings about its potential side-effects, the BBC has learned.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two commanders of the Maoist Shining Path rebel group, who had been operating in the south-west of the country for months.
Tributes have been paid to a pilot who died when his Folland Gnat aircraft crashed during a display at the CarFest festival.
Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike, Afghan and Pakistani officials say.
US President Donald Trump will make his long-awaited decision on Tuesday on the future of the war in Afghanistan.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Tuesday, helped by a strong start to the week, with the FTSE 100 closing up more than 1%.
Ricky Burns has come a long way in the space of a year.
The Burmese military has denied allegations of "crimes against humanity" made by the UN in a report into violence against the Rohingya Muslim minority in Rakhine state.
Victims of crime in England and Wales are being let down by the justice system, the victims' commissioner has said.
An Australian author has said she was taken by surprise when she received an email telling her she had won a prestigious US literary award.
A 102-year-old German woman has won back the doctorate she was denied by the Nazis in 1938 because of her Jewish ancestry.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Steve Sidwell from Fulham for an undisclosed fee.
A 42-year-old woman has appeared in court accused of causing a four-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
The number of homes repossessed in the second quarter of the year has fallen by 5% compared with the same period last year, according to new figures.
Labour has held the seat of Bridgend for the first time in a by-election, winning the seat with 53% of the vote.
Leicestershire is the poorest-funded council in the country, according to the Local Government Funding Table, which shows how much money local authorities have to spend each year.
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
One of the UK's largest tour operators has said it will no longer offer trips to traditional zoos.
Lionel Richie is to headline a series of concerts in Las Vegas next year as part of The Recording Academy's 50th anniversary celebrations.
A wildlife charity has called for anglers to be banned from fishing at a country park in East Sussex after a swan was injured by a hook embedded in its tongue.
The British and Irish Lions have completed a series win over New Zealand that will go down as one of the greatest in the history of the sport.
Vigilante paedophile hunters in Kent have been accused of wasting police time by failing to catch paedophiles, Kent Police has said.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side have come a "long way" since starting the season "rock-bottom" after their 2-0 Premier League defeat at Bournemouth.
Fire crews are continuing to tackle a large blaze at a wood chip recycling plant in Bridgend county.
Complaints about the availability of public toilets in Uig and Skye are being investigated by Highland Council.
Mae dyn wedi dweud bod ei marwolaeth yn ei chwilio yn yr ardd, yn ôl cwest yn Aberystwyth i'r casgliad gael ei bod wedi dechrau i'w thŷ yng Nghymru.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a new two-year contract with the Elite League champions.
Moeen Ali's unbeaten half-century helped England take control of the final Test against West Indies in Leeds.
News Corp has said it is "carefully reviewing" a report by a committee of MPs into phone hacking, in which it has been accused of "huge failings of corporate governance".
The parents of a couple who died within days of each other have spoken of the "horrifying" loss of their daughter and husband.
A strike on the Southern rail network has entered its second week, with thousands of passengers facing further delays and cancellations.
Mae Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld yn debyg bod yn teithio mewn car Citroen Zara aur, gyda'r rhif VRN YS52VTV.
The trial of a man accused of raping a man at a Glasgow church has been adjourned until Tuesday.
A Swedish city has become the first in the country to pilot a six-hour work day as part of a pilot project aimed at improving the well-being of staff at a nursing home.
Ineos has said it is a step closer to restarting production at its Grangemouth petrochemical plant.
League One strugglers Braintree Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Callum Elder on loan until the end of the season.
The family of a baby who has been fighting for her life after contracting meningitis are raising money to pay for her care.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Adam Eckersley on a season-long loan.
The operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has said it will take up to nine months to bring the plant to a safe state.
Liberty House, the London-based recycling company, is to submit a formal bid for Tata Steel's Port Talbot plant and other UK sites, the BBC understands.
The Vatican has not responded to a French request to appoint a gay diplomat to the post of ambassador to the Vatican, months after the post was offered.
Rangers beat Celtic in a penalty shootout to win the League Cup for the first time in the club's history and reach the Scottish Cup final.
A man and woman are to stand trial next year charged with the murder of a toddler who was stabbed to death.
The daughter of US actor Paul Walker, who died in a car crash, is suing Porsche over his death, US media report.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has pledged to help to the victims of explosions at a fireworks market in northern Mexico that have left dozens of people dead.
Scientists say they have made a leap forward in the quest to develop a universal flu vaccine for use in humans.
A review into the state of readiness for inquests into some of Northern Ireland's most controversial legacy killings has begun.
More than 1,000 people are now known to have died in the devastating tsunamis that hit the Indian Ocean off the coast of Sri Lanka on 26 March.
The work and pensions secretary has told the BBC that David Cameron remains committed to the government's plan to limit benefits to EU migrants.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has received a warm welcome from fans at its world premiere.
The "inhumane" conditions at a prison where two inmates escaped through a window are putting the safety of staff and prisoners at risk, a watchdog has said.
Ivanka Trump, the daughter of US President Donald Trump, is to become a White House adviser, the White House has announced.
Residents of a village in Somerset have completed the purchase of their village pub after raising more than £300,000 to buy it.
A coalition of US civil rights groups has called on Facebook to do more to tackle racism on the site.
The question at the heart of the debate about the M4 Black Route is whether or not it would be good for the Welsh economy.
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain team for this summer's European Road Championships in Denmark.
Republic of Ireland manager Michael O'Neill was happy with his side's performance in the 1-1 friendly draw with the Netherlands in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies kept up their 100% start to the Women's Super League One title race with a comfortable win at Liverpool Ladies.
The Turkish parliament has passed a bill that would give the police sweeping new powers to deal with anti-government protests.
A campaign has been launched to save the apartment where Dylan Thomas was living when he died in the Chelsea Hotel.
Outside New York's Metropolitan Criminal Court, a group of lawyers argue over the fate of a man who has been found guilty of running over and killing a police officer.
Lego has been in the news recently after it was criticised for asking customers what they want to do with the bricks it sells.
Italian police have arrested more than 100 people in connection with an investigation into alleged match-fixing in the country's lower divisions of the Italian football league.
The use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes in Wales is being "chemically coshed", the health commissioner for older people has said.
The year of 2013 has been a year of shifting sands in Northern Ireland politics.
Darlington have signed teenage Birmingham City midfielder Jake Cooper on a one-month youth loan.
Highland Council has said it is committed to providing a "technology rich environments" in schools.
Police searching for a Denbighshire woman who has been missing for more than a month have made a fresh appeal for information.
Prisoners at a high-security jail are taking so-called legal highs to cope with the demands of reoffending, a report has found.
Russia says it has carried out air strikes on Islamic State (IS) positions near the Syrian city of Palmyra, one of the last strongholds of the jihadist group in the country.
Police in the US state of Arizona have charged a man with the murders of at least eight people in the past two years, in a case that has gripped the city of Phoenix.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has defended Tehran's participation in the latest round of Middle East peace talks in Vienna, insisting that Iran is not trying to "sell out" Syria.
Peanut allergy sufferers in the UK have been able to tolerate eating peanuts for the first time, in what is believed to be the first trial of a new treatment.
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have clashed over how to tackle extremism.
In the US, mead has long been associated with Renaissance fairs and medieval re-enactment events - but is it really as old-fashioned as it seems?
Rail passengers are being warned to expect months of disruption as the Winchburgh Tunnel is closed for the next six weeks for major improvement work.
The wife of a British man killed in the Tunisia terror attack has spoken of her husband's desire to "make somebody else's life brighter and fulfilling their dreams".
A man's body has been found washed up on a Perthshire beach, police have said.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has warned of a "shambles" if Labour and the Conservatives do not strike a deal to form a government after the general election.
An RSPB nature reserve in Suffolk has reopened to the public after a £1.5m revamp.
Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko has been banned for three matches after being sent off for an elbow to the face of Cardiff City's Harry Arter.
Stormont's system of government and opposition has long been a source of debate in Northern Ireland.
A World War One museum in Dorset is to open its doors to the public for the first time after being awarded £1.5m to mark the centenary of the end of the conflict.
Moussa Dembele says he is happy at Celtic despite speculation linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon praised his team's resilience after they came from behind to beat 10-man Rangers at Ibrox.
An investigation into the life of serial killer Peter Tobin is to be scaled back after more than 10 years of work.
Joe Root hit a career-best 109 as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
The Muslim Council of Wales has said it is "appalled" a teacher from Neath Port Talbot has been turned away from a school trip to the United States.
Two brothers have gone on trial accused of trying to pay for their brother to join the so-called Islamic State (IS) group by selling family valuables.
A new report has concluded that a single affordable housing contribution scheme will not work in Northern Ireland.
RB Leipzig ended Hoffenheim's unbeaten start to the Bundesliga season as they came from behind to win at the Stadion am Rheinau.
A man had to be rescued by helicopter after getting stuck on top of one of Wales' highest mountains.
Tyler Halkett's injury-time header gave Livingston victory over Rangers at Ibrox to end a run of three straight league defeats.
Lionel Messi has donated one of his shirts to help raise money for charity after a footballer was knocked off his feet in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "traumatised" after being attacked and robbed at knifepoint in South Lanarkshire.
Daniel Parkin scored a late goal as 10-man Forest Green Rovers came from behind to beat Cheltenham Town in the National League.
Anthony Watson has returned to full training for England's pre-season training camp ahead of the Six Nations opener against Italy next month.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Johannesburg to level the three-match series at 1-1.
Flooding on the seafront in Southend-upon-Sea, Essex, has forced the closure of a seafront restaurant and the Happidrome amusement arcade.
Christine Seifert has always wanted to take part in a beauty pageant, but has never had the chance.
Guiseley and Ebbsfleet played out a thrilling 2-2 draw at Nethermoor Park.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said the Philippines will maintain its military alliance with the United States, in a speech in Manila.
AMs will not have a veto over the triggering of Article 50 - the process of leaving the European Union - the Welsh Government has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and end a run of five straight Premier League defeats.
Boaty McBoatface has been suggested as the name of a new polar research vessel.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Premier League rivals Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
The mayor of London is to commission a strategic review of the way the Met Police and other security services in the capital are working together.
A hand-written note giving orders for German troops to cease all offensive operations after the end of World War Two has gone up for sale at auction.
John Whittingdale has been appointed as the new culture secretary, media and culture secretary.
A British holidaymaker has gone missing while on holiday in Bulgaria, his family has said.
Actress Jane Fonda has received the American Film Institute's lifetime achievement award, becoming the first woman to receive the honour.
Demand for help for victims of sexual and domestic abuse in Devon and Cornwall has outstripped the availability of services, a charity has said.
Oldham Athletic have sacked midfielder Cristian Montano following an investigation into allegations of match-fixing.
The first cloned sheep have been put through a series of joint examinations in a bid to answer one of the most fundamental questions about the cloning of animals - are they too old to be healthy?
Nigel Farage has said he expects the UK to hold a referendum on EU membership in 2016, as EU leaders meet in Strasbourg to discuss the UK's reform demands.
For decades, the United States has been the world's most powerful nation.
Parma have failed to find a buyer for the Italian Serie B side, which went into administration earlier this month.
Three Haitian ministers have resigned after President Michel Martelly used abusive language at a campaign rally earlier this month.
Olly Murs is to co-host the new series of The X Factor with Caroline Flack.
A woman whose husband was killed in a hit-and-run crash has launched a petition calling for improvements to the road where he was killed.
Part of a factory in Rotherham has collapsed after a large fire broke out at a production unit on the railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster.
A British backpacker has died after falling from a moving train in Thailand, the country's police chief has said.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would be "disappointed" if his side continue to concede late goals in the Championship this season.
Manchester City midfielder Samir Nasri has been left out of first-team training because he is "a little bit overweight", says manager Pep Guardiola.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to move level with Barcelona at the top of La Liga.
Nana Akufo-Addo has been elected Ghana's next president after winning the election by a landslide.
Zimbabwean police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse hundreds of people protesting in the capital, Harare.
Chelsea have won the Premier League title for the first time in the club's history, and it has been a season to remember.
At least two people have been killed and more than 20 injured in an explosion in Spain's southern province of Malaga, officials say.
The trial of a man accused of passing off horsemeat as beef has begun at the Old Bailey.
India's biometric identity database will be the world's first of its kind, capable of verifying the identity of more than half of the country's population.
British intelligence agency GCHQ can intercept web searches on Google, Facebook and other US-based webmail services such as Hotmail, the Office for Security and Counter-Terrorism says.
Welshman Elfyn Evans finished second behind Sebastien Ogier in the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Sweden.
Rebels in Syria have rejected a Russian plan to set up safe zones in parts of the war-torn country, in an attempt to end months of violence.
A bubble tea chain is to pay staff who have worked for free under a "pay-and-show" contract after it was branded "exploitative".
Exeter returned to the top of the Premiership table with a bonus-point win over Wasps at Twickenham.
A jury has declared a mistrial in the murder trial of a man who was shot dead in a Utah court after he tried to stab a witness giving evidence.
Welsh ministers have given their backing to Yvette Cooper as the Labour Party chooses its new leader.
The government is being urged to do more to tackle "polarisation" in the UK's EU referendum debate, after a human rights watchdog called for a review of sentences for hate crimes.
All photographs by Joseph Fox and Joseph Fox.
The number of young people with mental health problems ending up in accident and emergency units in England has more than doubled in the last five years, according to new figures.
Retailers in Liverpool are being urged to stop selling The Sun after Liverpool City Council voted to urge them to do so.
A man has been jailed for killing a three-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Merseyside.
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol are to be reviewed to see if they are still necessary, the competition regulator has said.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has used his Easter message to warn of the dangers of "living in fear" after the Brussels and Paris terror attacks.
The US says it has shot down two missiles fired from Yemen at a US Navy ship in the Bab al-Mandab strait in the Gulf of Aden.
The government has published new rules setting out how benefits will be awarded to people with mobility problems.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is planning to make more signings in the January transfer window.
Mark Molesley scored the only goal of the game as League Two Aldershot Town knocked League Two Portsmouth out of the FA Cup at Fratton Park.
A photo album containing signatures from members of the Dambusters squadron which carried out the 1941 Ruhr Valley bombing raid has gone on sale at auction for £1,000.
The head of the Welsh Government's bovine TB eradication programme has said it has been "the biggest challenge" of her career.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the phone-hacking scandal, Scotland Yard has said.
The Church of St Asaph has accused Gwynedd council of "intentionally destabilising" plans for a new school campus in Denbighshire.
TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo won the 2017 African Confederation Cup for the second time after beating Algeria's JS Kabylie Bejaia 3-1 in Lubumbashi on Sunday.
Mali's army has carried out summary executions of ethnic Tuaregs and Arabs in the west and centre of the country, a rights group says.
Liverpool Ladies have signed England Under-23 midfielder Lauren Greenwood from Women's Super League One rivals Notts County Ladies.
Great Britain's men were held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in their opening match at the Champions Trophy in London.
Cardiff Blues reached the Challenge Cup semi-finals with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has pledged to bring democracy to the country within the next five years.
Jewellery worth more than £20,000 has been stolen from a jewellers in Lincolnshire.
A doctor who falsified clinical trials is to have his name removed from the medical register after he failed to appeal against a decision to erase his record.
Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit unbeaten half-centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets to level the three-match one-day series.
A historic Hampshire windmill has been restored to a working condition after more than 150 years of service.
Tata Steel is to mothball parts of its hot strip mill in Newport, with the loss of hundreds of jobs, it has been confirmed.
Britain's Victoria Cave won the Ironman World Championship for the second time in three years with victory in Rio de Janeiro.
Former British Prime Minister David Lloyd George has said he would not have changed his decision to go to war in Iraq in 2003.
Colchester United have signed striker Luke Guthrie following the end of the season's play-off final success at Wembley.
Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world and would be "unbelievable" for Britain.
Mercedes dominated first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Michael Evans moved to the top of the Manx Grand Prix leaderboard after a rain-affected first practice session at the Isle of Man Grand Prix.
The Pensions Regulator has been asked to explain why plans to restructure the BHS pension scheme were not approved, BBC Newsnight has learned.
The family of a man whose bullet was found in the back of his body in the 1970s have criticised the delay in exhuming his body.
Arsenal remain two points adrift at the top of the Premier League table after a 5-0 thrashing at Chelsea, but the gap between the leaders and the Gunners has narrowed to just one point after a 1-0 defeat at Stamford Bridge.
Richard Hammond says he is "back in action" after having surgery on his knee following a crash while filming for The Grand Tour in Germany.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union by a narrow margin of 48.9% to 48.1%.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has no intention of resigning amid a dispute over the running of common grazings on Lewis.
A man has been jailed for two years for the manslaughter of a roof worker who fell to his death while carrying out repairs at a warehouse.
Thunderbirds creator Gerry Anderson has said his life has been "cut off" after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
As many as 100,000 relatives of parents who give up work to look after their children could be eligible for extra National Insurance (NI) credits, according to a leading pensions expert.
Work has started on the first phase of a multi-million pound seafront adventure park in Dorset.
Nigeria has become the second European airline to announce plans to pull out of the country due to a lack of foreign currency.
Aston Villa have signed Poland international striker Timm Klos Kozak from FC Copenhagen for an undisclosed fee.
A new law has come into force in Wales banning the display of cigarettes and other tobacco products in shops.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis has backed Burnley boss Sean Dyche to lead the Clarets to the Premier League title this season.
North Korea has test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) with a range of up to 10,000km (6,000 miles), Japanese media report.
Captain Chris Martin is urging Scotland's players to "put on a better show" when they take on France in Metz on Saturday in their final friendly before Euro 2016.
A court in Australia has ruled in favour of US anti-abortion campaigner Troy Newman, who was barred from entering the country after arriving from the US.
Jon Stewart, who has hosted The Daily Show on Comedy Central for the past 17 years, has announced his retirement from the show.
David Simpson has been re-elected as the new leader of Torfaen council.
England wicketkeeper Jos Buttler has signed a new three-year contract with Lancashire.
John Williams' score for the new Star Wars film The Force Awakens will be performed as part of the BBC Proms this summer.
The SNP has won 56 out of 59 seats in the Scottish council elections, with the Conservatives taking the largest share of the first preference vote, official results have shown.
The UN has urged Iraq and the US-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul to do everything they can to ensure civilians are not killed in the battle to retake the city's western part.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning of gale force winds affecting parts of north and mid Wales on Sunday and Monday.
Researchers have shown off two new ways of making flexible rubber skins that are capable of handling large amounts of pressure.
Scottish Borders Council is to begin a review of its school estate in a bid to find ways of improving education provision in the region.
Two second-half goals from Nasser El Bakhtaoui helped Ayr United to victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle in Scottish League One.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in the middle of the road.
Paul St Aubyn has won the 2014 Wodehouse Prize for short fiction for a novel he wrote as a tongue-in-cheek satire on literary prizes.
BBC Sport will show live coverage of England's opening match of the 2017 Rugby League World Cup against New Zealand at Twickenham on Sunday, 14 November.
California has recorded a record monthly water use reduction of 1.7% in July, the state's water board has reported.
Rangers in South Africa are rehoming a young lion that escaped from a national park for the second time in a year.
Officials in Florida have removed a mosque from serving as a polling station after complaints from Muslims who did not want to vote in a place of worship.
University and college staff are due to go on strike on Thursday in a long-running dispute over pay.
China has arrested several people suspected of spreading "seditious rumours" about the recent stock market slump and the deadly explosions in Tianjin, state media report.
The world's oceans are on the brink of becoming the most acidic on record, according to a new report.
Nick Cave's son died after falling from a cliff in Brighton after taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union could have "consequences" for global financial markets, the US central bank has warned.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his Tour de France leader's lead to one minute and three seconds with victory in the 13th stage time trial.
The Glasgow bin lorry crash inquiry into the deaths of six people has heard that a doctor who examined the driver of the vehicle involved in the crash did not know he had fainted two years earlier.
Turkey's president has accused Germany of "Nazi practices of the past" in an escalating row between the two countries.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Edinburgh have announced the departure of Scotland scrum-half Alex Fife and back-rower Matt Toolis as the latest in a raft of players to leave the Pro 12 club.
At least 20 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
The BBC has signed a new five-year deal with the Diamond League which will see coverage of the 2017-18 season extend to 2020.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's parliament for the first time, the country's president has said.
An 11-year-old American boy has become the youngest winner of this year's Scripps National Spelling Bee.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year deal with the League One club.
Pupils are posting insults about teachers on social media, a teachers' union has warned.
A Canadian mother has thanked her seven-year-old son for saving her life after a huge fire broke out in their home.
Swindon Town have made an approach for Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald, BBC Scotland understands.
Racing driver Gary Carswell has died after a crash at a Staffordshire motocross event.
Russia has "categorically denied" claims it was involved in the alleged hacking of the US election last year, the Kremlin has said.
The board of American Apparel, the clothing retailer once run by former chief executive Dov Charney, has filed court papers saying it would be "hard to find any board of any company" willing to hire him.
A memorial has been held for a teenager who was killed while doing parkour on a rooftop in Paris.
At least two people have been killed and hundreds of people injured in an earthquake in China's Gansu province, officials say, as tremors were felt across the country.
Reading booked their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals with victory at Burton Albion.
The proportion of homeless people coming from the private rented housing sector has risen from 18% to 18% in the past five years, according to a new report by Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Katie Taylor is in line for a shot at a world title shot, according to promoter Eddie Hearn.
Amsterdam has become the first city in Europe to adopt a "low-tech" approach to tackling alcohol-related violence.
It's been a long time coming, but artificial intelligence (AI) is finally starting to take shape.
Norwich City midfielder Jake Maddison has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
Germany's Thomas Jung became the first rider to win the Badminton Grand Slam as he claimed the individual eventing title on La Biosthetique.
On the eve of Taiwan's one-year anniversary of independence from the People's Republic of China, Josephine and Clyde Wang, both in their late 20s, are living in Taipei.
Protesters have clashed with police during a demonstration in support for the family of a man who died after being stopped by officers.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the Zika virus a global public health emergency, and scientists are working hard to develop a vaccine to protect pregnant women against the virus.
David Cameron is to hold his first anti-corruption summit in London later this week.
St Johnstone ended Inverness Caledonian Thistle's 100% start to the Premiership season with a comfortable victory at McDiarmid Park.
The number of babies being breastfed in England has risen for the first time in 20 years, according to new figures.
War and Peace, the BBC Two adaptation of the novel by Leo Tolstoy, has become the most-watched programme of the year so far, with an average of 6.1 million viewers.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says Gareth Bale's absence from the Euro 2016 squad means Gareth Bale is not a "one-man team" without the Real Madrid forward.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand for more than a month after her partner died has described her ordeal as "harrowing".
Western Sahara, an uninhabited territory in the western part of Morocco, is home to some of the world's most sparsely populated areas.
Northern Ireland's Joe Donnelly is one win away from winning a medal at the Olympic Games after beating France's Jean-Louis Bouchart in the men's bantamweight quarter-finals.
A three-year-old boy has died after getting stuck between a revolving floor and a wall in a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta, police say.
The Italian government has urged the European Union to do more to help deal with Europe's migrant crisis, after three northern regions said they would not take in any more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Sergei Andreyev, has said he regrets comments he made blaming Poland for the start of World War Two.
The French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has published a new book by one of its cartoonist Michel Charb, who was killed in the Paris attacks.
The Environment Agency has carried out its biggest ever live training exercise to prepare for flooding in parts of West Yorkshire.
The world's biggest concrete bridge has been lifted into place in Hong Kong, in China.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a Bradford school.
Photographs of some of the UK's most famous council tower blocks are to go on public display.
Scottish judo star Stephanie Cuthbertson has opened her eyes and said "hi" to family and friends, her parents have said.
The UK's Brexit secretary has told the BBC he does not think the Scottish people want another referendum.
Wikileaks has released code used by the CIA to make it harder to trace malware made by the agency, according to security researchers.
The pages of the Koran are to go on public display for the first time at Leeds City Museum.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's stoppage-time equaliser rescued a point for League Two promotion chasers Mansfield Town as they drew with Cheltenham Town.
Britain's world number one Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open with a hard-fought win over Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas.
A councillor on the Isle of Lewis has called for "serious consideration" of recycling parts of the stricken drilling rig Smit in the islands.
Craig Gordon says he is determined to keep his place in the Liverpool team after making his first start of the season against Manchester City.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton United thumped North Ferriby United 5-1 in the National League.
The number of people killed in a landslide in the Colombian province of Antioquia has risen to more than 1,000, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Ormsby on a season-long loan deal.
All pictures are copyrighted by BBC Scotland.
Crossrail has reached a key milestone in the project to connect all the tunnels on the line from Reading to Farringdon.
A man has been charged in connection with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the so-called Disappeared.
Jared Payne has been left out of the Ireland squad for Saturday's Six Nations game against England at Twickenham.
The UK Foreign Office has said it is "extremely difficult" to confirm the identity of a British jihadist who carried out a deadly attack in Iraq.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino is confident defender Jan Vertonghen will be fit for the start of the new Premier League season despite breaking his ankle.
Northern Ireland First Minister Arlene Foster has said it would be "negligent" of her to ignore the challenges facing Northern Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has replaced Dave Forsey as chief executive of the sportswear chain, the BBC understands.
Las Vegas is known for being the kind of place where you would not be hard pressed to find a mosque.
England were denied the chance of a first Test win on the subcontinent for three years as the final day of the first Test against Pakistan in Sharjah ended in a draw.
China won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory over Japan in the men's team table tennis.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall will visit Australia and New Zealand in November, Kensington Palace has announced.
More than 200 beaches in England and Wales do not have lifeguards on duty during the summer months, the BBC has learned.
PBS NewsHour co-host Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 74, the US broadcaster has announced.
The role of the Children's Laureate has been held by Chris Riddell, who is stepping down after two years in the role.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Chris Savage says former Birmingham City boss Steve Bruce would be a good choice as the new manager of the Premier League club.
Northern Ireland's top police officer has said a rioter who seriously injured a policewoman on Monday will not go "scot free".
The wife of a sports journalist who suffered a bleed on the brain after being attacked outside a Tube station has said he has received messages of support from rugby league stars and ex-England footballer Alan Shearer.
National League side Chester have re-signed Birmingham City midfielder Luke Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Hibernian maintained their seven-point lead at the top of the Championship with victory over 10-man Dundee United.
The cosmetics company Avon has gone into administration in France, with the potential loss of up to 1,000 jobs.
Formula 1 teams have begun their preparations for the new season with the first pre-season test in Spain.
A child has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Denbighshire.
Two of the ceramic poppies at the centrepiece of World War One centenary art installation The Wave are to go on public display for the first time next year.
Lord Jeffery Amherst, one of Britain's most famous colonial leaders, has died at the age of 93.
Three-time Boston Marathon winner Rita Jeptoo has been banned for two years for failing a drugs test, Athletics Kenya has announced.
Councillors in Greater Manchester have given the go-ahead to the expansion of the UK's largest onshore wind farm.
Apple has been ordered to pay more than half a billion dollars in damages to a US university in a patent dispute.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team's 1-0 win over Ukraine in the Euro 2016 match at Stade de France on Sunday.
Ruth Harsent has won the TS Eliot Prize for poetry for the second year in a row.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of next month's UK Championship in York.
A wine bar has been fined £20,000 after a teenager suffered life-changing injuries after drinking a shot of liquid nitrogen.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a woman's dismembered and burnt torso in the Republic of Ireland.
Inspectors have made a series of recommendations for improvement in the care of older people in the Western Isles.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer in what police have described as a "horrific attack".
DR Congo were knocked out of the 2017 African Nations Championship as Congo Brazzaville knocked them out in the second round of qualifiers for next year's tournament in Kenya.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says new signing Olivier Ntcham has the potential to be a top player after the Frenchman made his debut for the club in the friendly win over Lyon.
Public views are being sought on plans for a new road bridge over the A9 between Inverness and Perth.
Cern has claimed to have discovered a Force-enhanced version of Star Wars' Force of Force, or "The Force".
UKIP has a "very good chance" of winning more seats in the assembly election in May 2017, its Welsh leader has said.
A Polish deli owner in Peterborough has described the "hate mail and phone calls" she has received after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A 72-year-old man from Pembrokeshire has been jailed for sexually abusing a young girl.
A 15-year-old girl's birthday party in Mexico is to be held in a field outside the village of La Joya, in the state of San Luis Potosi, after a video inviting the public to attend went viral on social media.
An appeal to raise money for the family of a six-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in a lift at her Dorset home has raised more than £10,000 in 24 hours.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve to help boost numbers of the critically endangered animals.
The Home Office's inquiry into the closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) is hearing evidence from companies that provide forensics services.
Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at Temple University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
A suspected World War Two bomb has been found on the north Wales coast.
The rate at which CO2 is warming the planet may have been much slower than previously thought, according to a new study.
Gordon Aikman, who has motor neurone disease, is doing cartwheels at his old gymnastics club in Fife.
St Helens ended Catalans Dragons' hopes of reaching the Super League play-offs with a five-try victory at St James' Park.
A Denbighshire man whose home was flooded three years ago has said he feels safer living in the area.
A new broadband service is to be rolled out across parts of Scotland and Wales, using low-frequency radio spectrum.
Tax evaders who try to avoid paying their fair share of tax could face fines of up to 100% of the value of the money they have avoided, Labour has said.
Rugby should be banned from schools in England because of the risk of serious injuries to young players, according to a leading academic.
Isle of Wight's historic defence of the Solent is to undergo a major restoration project.
Scottish Health Secretary Shona Robison has told MSPs the independent review into mesh implant surgery is to be examined by a leading academic.
Hundreds of eggs have been stolen from a seabird colony.
The number of people prosecuted for dangerous driving and careless driving has fallen dramatically in the last five years, according to new figures.
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a petition to the local government in a bid to stop the annual dog-eating festival known as the "nightmare" dog meat festival.
China's Chen Long won Olympic gold in the men's Olympic men's -57kg weightlifting with the final lift of his career.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Netherlands winger Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven for an undisclosed fee.
Virtual reality is the next big thing - but is it here to stay?
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won gold for the second time in a row at the World Cup bouldering event in Slovenia.
A man who attacked worshippers in a prayer room at a Dundee mosque has been jailed.
Four people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Greater Manchester.
A takeaway delivery driver has been attacked with a golf club during an attempted robbery in West Lothian.
Devolution in Wales does not go "as far as it should" and needs to go "further and faster", the outgoing Archbishop of Wales has said.
The Welsh government has been accused of failing to do enough to ensure woodland is planted to meet growing demand for timber.
Two European eels have been spotted in the same river for the first time in years, the Environment Agency has said.
Bollywood star Salman Khan is due to appear in court in connection with the death of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run car crash 10 years ago.
On the eve of the centenary of the 1916 Easter Rising, Eddie Hutch, a member of the Hutch family, was shot dead in his home in west Belfast.
Scottish cyclist Robert Millar is to be honoured with a one-day bike ride in his honour in his home city of Glasgow.
Wales should have a bigger say over its own immigration policy, according to a new report.
The number of people claiming to have developed technology that can monitor brain activity has doubled in the last five years, according to a new report.
A hospital has apologised to a patient who had to have a plastic surgical bung removed after it fell out of the operating theatre during surgery.
Hungary's prime minister has told the European Parliament that "nobody would like to stay in Hungary, neither in Slovakia nor Poland nor Estonia".
Melania Trump's decision to stay at home with her 10-year-old son Barron rather than move into the White House with her husband, Donald Trump, has sparked a backlash on social media.
The chairman of a committee looking at the Welsh Government's handling of the economy has defended its work after a Labour AM called for a "forensic investigation" into its work.
A firefighter has been sacked after a pensioner died in a house fire in the early hours of the morning.
A Hampshire independent school has announced it is to close because of falling pupil numbers and a "shrinking market for single sex education".
Tryingweryn Williams, one of Wales' best known for her paintings of women brushing their hair, is preparing for her first exhibition in a year.
Bitfinex, one of the world's largest bitcoin trading platforms, has been the victim of a major cyber-attack, according to reports.
Amateur Andrew Gregory is preparing for his Masters debut by watching hundreds of videos of the course over the course of the past four years.
The death of a 19-year-old French woman who streamed her own suicide live on Periscope has sparked a debate in France about the dangers of social media.
A woman who admitted murdering her mother but said it was "me" has been jailed for life after pleading guilty to her murder.
(Close): Wall Street markets fell on Tuesday as the dollar hit a three-month high against the euro and the yen.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June for the first time in two years, according to official figures.
Manchester United produced a devastating second-half demolition of Arsenal as Arsene Wenger's reign as manager of the Gunners came to an ignominious end at Old Trafford.
A BBC team filming on Mount Etna in Sicily has escaped injury after a huge explosion caused by a volcanic eruption, the BBC has reported.
David Cameron has been urged to produce a White Paper setting out how he would like to devolve more powers to Scotland, after a former Conservative chancellor said he was "dismayed" by the result of the Scottish election.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has the right qualities to lead New Zealand to a third World Cup in a row, according to New Zealand head coach Steve Brooke.
Benfica won the Portuguese title for the third time in four seasons with a comfortable win over second-tier side Vitória Guimarães.
When Gordon Smith won his first Paralympic gold medal at the London 2012 Games, it was just the start of what he hopes will be a new chapter in his sporting journey.
Down boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from Division Two of the Football League with a 1-13 to 0-14 win over Meath at Pairc Esler.
Tributes have been paid to a Labour councillor who has died suddenly.
Rangers midfielder Aaron Townsend has been banned from all football-related activity for six months by the Football Association for breaching betting rules.
Manchester City's training ground at Etihad Stadium is a hive of activity.
Americans with at least a college degree are living more comfortably, the Federal Reserve has said.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin, after being asked directly whether he believes it is.
Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes across Scotland over the next three years.
The Scottish Parliament's finance committee is to debate and vote the Scottish government's budget on 27 January.
A man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park, officials say.
Strictly Come Dancing star Gary Barlow has surprised shoppers in Birmingham by turning up at a shopping centre for a surprise concert.
Five people have been treated in hospital after a fire broke out in a block of flats in West Lothian.
The Polish parliament has voted to reject a bill that would have made it a crime to have an abortion, in a major blow to the right-wing ruling party.
Four men have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to burgle a safe deposit box in the Hatton Garden jewellery raid in January.
Wales bounced back from their opening Six Nations defeat by England with a hard-fought victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
Justin Gatlin won the 100m at the European Championships for the second year in a row, clocking 9.97 seconds in the final race of the men's 100m.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at why Ghanaians are protesting against the government's decision to allow two former Guantanamo Bay detainees to live in the country.
Senegal's hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Ecuador in South Korea.
A man in his 20s has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary-style attack in west Belfast.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has been accused of doing the EU "the worst disservice" by accepting a job with Goldman Sachs.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 after this weekend's British Grand Prix, which will be his final race in the sport.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Chris Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in the League One defeat by Peterborough United.
The UK unemployment total fell by 39,000 to 1.65 million in August, official figures have shown.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, according to new figures.
Viacom chief executive Philippe Dauman has been removed from the board of the company controlled by his estranged wife, Shari Redstone, as part of a power struggle with her father, Paramount chairman David Redstone.
The Scottish Football Association is in talks with Scotland women's national team players after they refused to speak to the media.
Police in Denmark say they have found a torso in the size of a woman's head in the search for a missing Swedish journalist whose body was found in the Baltic Sea.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover ended a three-game losing streak with a 4-3 victory over fellow strugglers Forest Green Rovers.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering a mother-of-two who was stabbed to death in a row over £1,000.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has been accused of trying to meddle in the affairs of several African countries in the 1960s and 1970s.
Sam Davies will start at scrum-half in Ospreys' European Challenge Cup match against Grenoble after Dan Biggar was ruled out through injury.
An independent boarding school in London is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform in a bid to encourage girls to wear skirts to school.
Northern Ireland's Ryan Sharvin shot a course record six-under-par 66 to lie one shot off the lead after the first round of the CIMB Classic in Melbourne.
An unusual road sign has appeared at a roundabout in Berkshire - with a letterbox-shaped 'pin' sticking out of it.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether African artists are being allowed to tell their own stories.
Potted land in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, for years has been hidden away in the back of a garden.
A woman has died after a two-vehicle crash on the A77 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A number of power cuts have been reported across parts of the Republic of Ireland due to Storm Doris.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock won their first badminton title of the season with victory in the semi-finals of the British Badminton Championships.
Castleford Tigers have signed half-back Joe Burgess on a two-year deal following his release by Sydney Roosters.
Lord West has told the House of Commons Defence Committee that a missile test in Cardigan Bay in the 1960s was accidentally fired into Wales.
It's been a good couple of months for Craig Stevens.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Chris Coleman's new-look team will have to improve if they are to beat Wales in Saturday's World Cup qualifier in Belgrade.
The US justice department is to allow federal agents to record interviews with suspects, reversing a long-standing policy that has been widely criticised.
A review has been launched into the effectiveness of Scotland's current hate crime laws, in the wake of the ongoing row over the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
One of the world's oldest bibles has been returned to a Cambridge University Library after a £1.5m fundraising campaign helped secure its future.
Ukraine's new government has begun life in the capital, Kiev, a day after Crimea voted to rejoin Russia.
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq has won an appeal against a ban on him standing in next month's presidential election, his lawyer says.
Derby County head coach Daryl Powell says he is "fine" despite being suspended by the Championship club.
Preston North End have re-signed striker Jack Preston North End on a season-long loan from National League rivals Eastleigh.
A man accused of killing his ex-girlfriend's unborn baby has told a court he lied to her to cover up the fact she had fallen pregnant.
Watford and England manager Graham Taylor was a man of many talents - but his greatest achievements were at Vicarage Road.
Markets in Asia were mostly higher on Thursday, with Japan's benchmark Nikkei index leading gains across much of the region as investors shrugged off concerns about the health of the global economy.
Police in England and Wales are being given new advice on how to spot the signs of "coercive control" within relationships.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has launched a new "carer's Package" in a speech in Cardiff.
Fidel Castro is one of the most famous men in the history of the world.
Jordan Rhodes scored twice in stoppage time as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and go top of the Championship table.
It's not every day you get to go to work and come home smelling like a pop star.
Four teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in west Belfast on New Year's Day.
The UK and France are to hold talks in the French port of Calais to try to reach an agreement on how to deal with the growing migrant crisis.
Welsh boxer Katie Brace will make her professional debut at London's O2 Arena on 7 July.
Newly-acquired manuscripts of Dylan Thomas's poetry have been donated to his home town of Swansea.
Adrian Mole, the stage musical based on Sue Townsend's best-selling children's book, has opened to a sold-out performance.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry in Cardiff.
Stranraer have parted company with manager Brian Reid by mutual consent after two years in charge of League Two's bottom club.
A Labour councillor has been suspended after posting anti-Semitic comments on social media.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has been given more time to hold high-level talks on the country's new €86bn (£55bn; $88bn) bailout deal.
The authorities in Chad say they have arrested 11 men suspected of the gang rape and murder of a woman in the capital, Chad, last year.
Plans for a new social housing development on the site of a pub where a council chief moved in with elderly residents have been recommended for planning permission.
Members of the National Association of Teachers and Lecturers (NASUWT) in Northern Ireland are to stage a second two-day strike in a dispute over pay.
Netflix has pulled the plug on a special about US comedian Bill Cosby following allegations of sexual assault made against him.
Jeremy Fernandez is not the kind of person you'd expect to hear talking about racism.
A couple have been reunited with a bicycle medal and jewellery that were stolen from their home 10 years ago.
Liverpool have rejected a second bid from Manchester City for England forward Raheem Sterling.
The Scottish government has published details of its plans to tackle the problem of land ownership in Scotland.
Nour is a 23-year-old woman living in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, where she was caught up in the fighting between so-called Islamic State (IS) militants and Kurdish Peshmerga forces in 2014.
National League club Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Luke Mills following his release by National League rivals Whitehawk.
Hamburg has become the latest German city to pass a law requiring empty commercial property owners to hand over their properties to the authorities if they fail to provide accommodation for asylum seekers.
Warwickshire seam bowlers Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have signed new two-year contracts with the county.
A chatbot that lets people challenge parking tickets without paying has been used by more than 160,000 people since it launched last year.
Former Conservative Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 91.
A new park and ride service is to be launched at a major Welsh hospital in a bid to ease congestion caused by traffic gridlock.
The BBC has "strongly refutes" claims it faked a Bafta-winning scene of an iguana being chased by venomous snakes in Planet Earth II.
A Lake District charity has been chosen to pay for a project to mark the 60th anniversary of the publication of the Wainwright book on the Far Eastern Fells.
Millwall boosted their League One play-off hopes with victory at struggling Shrewsbury.
GoPro, the wearable camera maker, has announced plans to cut 2,000 jobs by the end of the year and close its entertainment division.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady will remain in hospital for the foreseeable future, a mental health tribunal has ruled.
An investigation has been launched into the death of a 72-year-old man who was found dead at a sheltered housing complex in Inverness.
Arctic sea-ice cover is likely to shrink further in the coming weeks, according to a new forecast from the University of Reading.
Liberia beat Algeria's JS Kabylie 4-0 in Monrovia on Saturday to seal their place in the Confederation Cup last-32 round of 32.
Norbrook Group, the County Down-based healthcare diagnostics and diagnostics company, has appointed David Nagle as its new managing director.
Arsenal returned to winning ways in the Premier League with an emphatic victory over struggling Chelsea at Emirates Stadium.
A pair of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have signed a new three-and-a-half-year deal with Jack Kirby, Joe Gumbs and Jake Ridehalgh, while Joe Buxton, Joe Duggan and Scott Gumbs have all signed new contracts with the League One club.
Two North Lanarkshire Police officers have been treated in hospital for minor injuries after being struck by a vehicle while on duty.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in two separate attacks in west Belfast.
Abercrombie & Fitch has come under fire for a tweet it sent to its Twitter followers to promote a special edition of its Pride T-shirt.
A couple who paid thousands of pounds for their funerals are being investigated by police after being left "completely penniless".
Rebels in Yemen have released the chief of staff of the country's acting president, days after he was kidnapped by Houthi rebels.
A Cardiff-based team of scientists have developed a device which could help footballers recover from concussions.
Bournemouth have signed goalkeeper Mark Federici from Reading on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Two men have been found guilty of involvement in the 1998 Omagh IRA bombing after a retrial at the High Court in Belfast.
The president of the Royal Society has called on the government to reassure scientists that freedom of movement will continue after the UK leaves the European Union.
More than half a tonne of toxic smoke has been inhaled in Scotland since the smoking ban was introduced in 2007.
Bayern Munich made it seven wins from seven Champions League group matches as they thrashed FC Rostov in Group D.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was happy with the "grinding out" nature of his side's second-half win over Japan in the Rugby Championship final in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
Police in Glasgow are calling for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Necropolis in the east end of the city.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the UK will not stand for "hate crime or these kinds of attacks" after the UK voted to leave the EU.
Plaid Cymru has accused the Labour, Conservative, Liberal Democrat and UKIP of failing to offer a coherent economic plan for Wales.
Kent County Football Club have reported a loss of £1.1m for the financial year to the end of the 2015-16 season.
Syrian government forces say they have regained control of the town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Qalamoun region in the north-west of the country.
The US ambassador to the UK has praised a project that will take UK students to the US this summer as part of which they will attend a summer school.
A girl called Emily has won a competition to have her story featured in a new Jacqueline Wilson book.
A Mongolian rapper has been beaten up by a Russian diplomat for wearing a traditional swastika-emblazoned robe at a concert, local media report.
The family of a cyclist who died after hitting a pothole in Greater Manchester are taking legal action against the council where he worked.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing for more than a week, police have said.
Spain have qualified for the 2016 Olympic men's rugby sevens for the first time after beating Fiji in the final of the World Rugby Sevens Series in New Zealand.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire which crashed in Oxfordshire during a training exercise have been unearthed by archaeologists.
All pictures are copyrighted by BBC Scotland.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan is making her directorial debut with a film set in her home city of Inverness.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals thanks to a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Substitutes Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored second-half goals as Juventus beat 10-man FC Porto to take a huge advantage into the Champions League last-16 second leg.
Luke Ball says he is ready to "put my stamp on the shirt" after an injury-plagued year in the Wales set-up.
A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for a memorial to David Bowie in south London has failed to reach its target, organisers have said.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man who was found dead in his Leicestershire home.
Frankie Raymond scored his first goal of the season as Dagenham & Redbridge beat York City to move out of the National League relegation zone.
ITV has signed a new three-year deal with Simon Cowell to continue to produce The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent.
Russia will be fined by Uefa for crowd trouble at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille, the country's sports minister has said.
Iraqi forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli, Iraqi military sources have told the BBC.
US regulators have issued new guidance on how investors should be protected if they buy and sell digital coins.
Welsh Lib Dem leader Kirsty Williams has said the party's manifesto pledge to end tuition fee subsidies for Welsh students will not go ahead if it wins the general election.
Scotland's all-time leading badminton player Kirsty Bankier won her 10th Scottish National title with victory in the final of the women's doubles.
Wilfried Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals with victory over Algeria in Gabon.
Call of Duty fans have taken to social media to criticise a video game maker's attempt to stage a fictional terrorist attack in Singapore ahead of its release.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a new way to breed salmon that are resistant to sea lice.
Voting is under way in North Korea's local and provincial elections, the country's biggest and most important vote of the year.
George Osborne delivered a very political Budget on Wednesday.
Welsh cyclist Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title on the opening day of the British National Track Championships in Manchester.
Colin Martin has said he will not race again on the Honda Fireblade in 2017.
Venezuela's security forces have ended a curfew in the western city of San Cristobal de las Casas, in the north-eastern state of Tachira.
The Scottish government is being urged to end the right of new social housing tenants to buy their own homes.
An exhibition celebrating Liverpool's architectural heritage has opened in the city centre.
The official depth of Loch Ness has been found to be almost twice as deep as previously thought, according to a Scottish explorer.
William McIlvanney, author of The Big Man and The Godfather of Tartan Noir, is to have a new education campus named after him.
The parents of a Scottish aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 have travelled to the country for the first time to visit the country where she worked.
Three Hong Kong police officers have been sentenced to two-and-a-half years in jail for assaulting a protester during the 2014 pro-democracy protests.
The family of a six-year-old boy who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash on the Isle of Wight have said he has made "amazing" progress.
Scottish singer-songwriter Gerry Rafferty has died at the age of 72, it has been announced.
The last Concorde to take to the skies in the skies above Bristol has made its final flight before it moves into a new museum in the city.
Plastic bag charges in England have been blamed for the closure of a packaging firm's factory in Lancashire.
Two lesbian women in the Indonesian province of Aceh have been forced to leave their marriage after being falsely accused of being homosexuals.
The Serious Fraud Office has been ordered to pay the legal costs of six men accused of defrauding the Welsh government out of millions of pounds.
Michael McKinstry has made a career of proving doubters wrong.
Stuart Forsyth believes home advantage will play a key role in Scotland's hopes of winning promotion to the Elite League at the European Championships.
Northern Ireland's largest bank, Ulster Bank, has said it will consider a proposal from two brothers who are trying to avoid bankruptcy.
UK manufacturing output grew at its fastest pace in three years in May, according to a closely-watched survey, but the sector remained at a three-year low in April.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Republic of Ireland striker Adam Makris on a four-and-a-half-year deal after he turned down the offer of a new contract at Newcastle United.
Actor and director Arthur Wallach, best known for his roles in The Magnificent Seven and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, has died aged 95.
Britain's Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will begin their US Open campaigns on Monday, the first day of action at Flushing Meadows.
Israel has issued a warning to Israelis living in India that there is a "substantial" threat of a terror attack in the country.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level since the EU referendum, according to a new survey.
An explosion has caused the partial collapse of Aleppo's citadel, one of the most important buildings in the Syrian city, a monitoring group says.
The Amazon rainforest in the south-east of Brazil may not be able to cope with future climate change as well as previously thought, scientists have warned.
Two men arrested in connection with the murder of a Cambridgeshire chef have been released on bail pending further inquiries.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of a woman and a man were found at a house in West Yorkshire.
Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Lauren Howard for the 2017-18 Women's Super League Two season.
Nigeria's former governor James Ibori has been awarded £1.5m in damages after a High Court judge ruled he had been unlawfully detained in the UK after being released from prison.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised to fans who received a scam email purporting to be from the governing body.
Welsh walker Elinor Davies says it is "unbelievable" to be on the same stage as some of the best in the world after setting two new British records in a week.
Former Yorkshire and England all-rounder John Appleyard has died at the age of 83.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life has gone on trial in the US accused of using him as a "pawn".
British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton has stepped down as captain of Wales, handing the role to Alun Wyn Jones.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 19-year-old was shot dead in Birmingham.
India has accused Pakistan of trying to influence the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in the case of a former Indian navy officer sentenced to death for spying.
The BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been looking at the issue of equal pay for women in the workplace.
A pilot scheme to use parents as traffic wardens to tackle illegal parking outside a school has ended after just three months, the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager David Joyce after just two months in charge of League One strugglers Wigan Athletic.
A man has been jailed for lying to police after a teenager was killed in a hit-and-run crash.
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza beat two-time champion Francesca Schiavone in straight sets to reach the second round of the French Open.
A left-wing political group backing Jeremy Corbyn's bid for the Labour leadership has said it is "ludicrous" to describe people who have signed up to support the party as "entryists".
Tsunami waves have hit parts of Chile's Pacific coast after the country's most powerful earthquake in years.
Coventry City fans are celebrating the 10th anniversary of one of the most memorable moments in the club's history.
National League Bury have extended the loan of Bury striker Jack Gigg Lane until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent deal.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at this year's Irish Broadcasting Press Awards.
Millions of people who use the internet to pay their bills and buy goods and services are getting a raw deal, but how much do they really get for their money?
A dissident republican bomb found near a primary school in north Belfast was an attempt to kill police officers, the PSNI has said.
Papers are talking about rising tensions between India and China on the de facto border between the two countries in the northern Indian state of Ladakh.
Sunderland Ladies have re-signed Sunderland midfielder Rachel Staniforth and Glasgow City Ladies defender Lisa Sjoman.
In the heart of Doha, on the outskirts of the southern Palestinian city of Nablus, a new apartment complex has opened its doors for the first time.
CrossCountry has agreed to shelve plans to cut some of its train services between Edinburgh and the north east of Scotland.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate tensions in the South China Sea, where a stand-off between Chinese and Vietnamese ships is continuing in disputed waters.
Cardinals taking part in the election of a new Pope are meeting in the Vatican for the first time since Benedict XVI's resignation.
Millions of Russians are struggling to pay off their personal debts - but how do they get out of debt, and what do they do about it?
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has called on China to allow the value of its currency, the yuan, to continue to appreciate.
Three people have been rescued from a sinking boat on the River Nith in Aberdeenshire, the fire service has said.
BT's Openreach division could be split off from the company, according to the head of the UK's telecoms regulator, Ofcom.
Civil society groups in Niger have begun legal action against the French company at the centre of the country's biggest ever uranium mining scandal.
At least 11 people have been killed in the South African city of Cape Town and the rest of the Western Cape province in the worst winter storm to hit the country in 30 years.
Residents in a Tennessee town have been told to leave their homes after a freight train derailed and burst into flames.
Paralympic gold medallist Sophie Brown says she will not change her training to qualify for the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro.
A rugby player was killed in a head-on car crash while racing against a Porsche at speeds of up to 80mph, an inquest has heard.
Australian police have arrested a man suspected of driving a stolen bulldozer through the front door of a house in New South Wales and knocking it down.
Nico Rosberg headed team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
Cardiff Blues maintained their 100% start to the defence of their European Challenge Cup title with a bonus-point win over Pau.
Lawyers representing the families of babies whose ashes were not handed to their parents are to take legal action against the crematorium at the centre of a baby ashes scandal.
Downing Street has written to European Council President Donald Tusk to formally notify him of the UK's intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community.
Northern Ireland's poultry industry is worth more than £1bn a year to the local economy.
French customs officials have seized a rare painting of a woman in the back of a yacht in the English Channel after it was found to be missing from Spain.
MPs have invited Sir Bradley Wiggins' former team doctor to give evidence to an inquiry into the delivery of a medical package to Team Sky.
A man has been jailed for life for the "barbarbaric" murder of a shopkeeper in Glasgow.
The last two weeks of polling in the Scottish independence referendum have provided us with some clues as to how the two sides of the campaign are faring.
Leeds Rhinos coach Brian McDermott believes the final game of his side's Super League career provided the perfect send-off to their treble-winning trio.
New Zealand's Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a stress fracture of the lower back.
Talks aimed at averting the imposition of a new contract for junior doctors in England have made progress, the conciliation service has said.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have established a hotline to combat cross-border terrorism, Pakistan's military says.
The Sydney Sixers beat Melbourne Heat by one wicket in a super over to reach the final of the Big Bash League for the first time in their history.
Holders Barcelona extended their La Liga lead at the top of the table to seven points after beating Espanyol at the Nou Camp.
The head of Spain's state-run rail company Renfe has said the driver of a train that derailed in Galicia, killing at least 39 people, was not on duty for more than two days before the accident.
The funeral of a teenage fan of singer Ariana Grande has taken place.
Yorkshire Diamonds lost to Surrey Stars in the Women's Super League One final, despite a career-best 63 from England all-rounder Katherine Beaumont.
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Christos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Markets in Asia were mostly lower after the US Federal Reserve chair, Janet Yellen, gave a cautious assessment of the health of the US economy.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the second successive season with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at Kingholm.
A sinkhole the size of a football pitch has opened up in the middle of a road and a lorry is stuck in it.
It is 40 years since Niki Lauda and Jules Bianchi won the 1976 Formula 1 world championship, but what do we know about their rivalry in the 1970s and '80s?
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being struck by a car in west Belfast.
Alex Schalk scored a stoppage-time winner as Ross County beat Hibernian to win the League Cup for the first time in the club's history.
Three dogs have been taken ill after being walked in a field near a cricket club, prompting an investigation into suspected poisoning.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland Jenkins says it is "baffling" to see the reaction to his side's Six Nations form.
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi dweud ei gadw yn y ddalfa nes i'r achos yn ei erbyn ddechrau ym mis Chwefror, Gwynedd.
Scientists have created "fingerprints" that can be stored in electronic devices as well as on them.
Police are investigating the theft of prescription drugs from an Aberdeen pharmacy.
England's remarkable victory in the final Test of the series against South Africa at The Oval is the most remarkable result in the history of Test cricket.
British 10,000m runner Lauren Andrews says she has been "surprised" by the reaction to her shock victory at the London Anniversary Games.
At a retreat in rural Pennsylvania in the US state of Pennsylvania, you might not expect to find a man accused of trying to overthrow the Turkish government sitting on a sofa in the middle of the living room.
The Indian authorities have lodged an appeal against the acquittal of two men accused of the rape and murder of an Irish teenager in 2008.
On the day we arrived in Dundee, Del Boyce, the barman at the Phoenix in Nethergate, gave us the lowdown on the plight of the Tannadice faithful.
Police in the US state of Ohio are searching for a woman accused of raping a taxi driver and robbing him before fleeing the scene.
The family of a County Tyrone man who died in a fall in China have said they are "devastated".
An artist has used his travels on the sea as inspiration for a new collection of paintings and drawings.
Scotland suffered a second successive Six Nations defeat for the first time this season as they were beaten by France at Stade de France.
Drivers on First Dorset bus services are to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pay.
The Enterprise Minister, Jonathan Bell, has said he wants to meet union representatives to discuss the future of the Michelin factory in County Antrim.
Oxfam, the UK's aid agency, has released a list of countries it says are failing to give enough money to help the war-torn country of Syria.
Steve Jobs biopic Steve Jobs has been named best film at the Golden Globe awards, while The Revenant has picked up two prizes for its director Alejandro G Inarritu.
Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone is one of the most recognisable faces in the world of football.
EasyJet has said it must be one of the most travelled airlines in the UK after a dog became the airline's longest-serving passenger.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a legal challenge to President Donald Trump's new travel ban.
BBC Reality Check takes a look at some of the questions you have sent in about the future relationship between the UK and the European Union.
Swansea University's School of Management has been accused of a "culture of fear and intimidation" at the school.
Wasps wing Nick Hughes has been included in the England pre-season training squad for the first time, along with a number of uncapped players.
Derbyshire have signed Warwickshire fast bowlers Jake Cotton and Matt Taylor on one-month loan deals until the end of the season.
Vigils have been held across the UK and South Africa to mark the first anniversary of the murder of British woman Shrienne Dewani who was shot dead in South Africa.
A signed copy of the 1916 Easter Proclamation has been sold at auction in Dublin for an undisclosed sum.
A payday lender has agreed to pay out £700,000 in compensation to more than 100,000 customers who may have been wrongly taken out of the market.
Singer Shirley Mitchell is making "remarkable progress" after suffering an aneurysm last year, according to her friend and fellow singer Patti Collins.
Motorists will be charged to travel at 20mph in Edinburgh from next year as part of a scheme to double the speed limit in the capital.
The number of patients who failed to attend hospital appointments in Scotland last year was the highest in the last five years, according to new figures.
Seven women have risen to the role of chief executives of the UK's biggest companies - but how many of them are women?
The Balmoral Show will have two roads linking up to the M1 motorway in the next 12 months, it has been claimed.
The Australian government has agreed to settle a long-running legal case brought by asylum seekers held in an offshore detention centre in Papua New Guinea for A$70m ($45m; Â£37m).
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a man who was sexually abused by one of its staff.
Plans have been unveiled for Southampton's former power station chimney to be turned into a glass and steel observation tower.
Josh Taylor says he learned a lot from his first professional cut after his Commonwealth super-lightweight title defence against Jamie Joubert at London's O2 Arena.
A Grade II listed Grade II-listed theatre in Lancashire is to be put up for sale to the highest bidders.
Pope Francis has announced that priests will be allowed to forgive women who have had abortions without seeking permission from a bishop.
An Indian couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest have been arrested on suspicion of "misleading information", police say.
Manchester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Burnley at Turf Moor.
Police are investigating the murder of an 82-year-old woman who died in a fire at a house in Edinburgh.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported better-than-expected profits for the year to the end of September, helped by strong sales in China and the Americas.
Former Formula 1 world champion Mark Webber says he is "surprised" his Porsche team are in such good form as to be in contention for the world championship title.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's "walk-on-by" attitude to the refugee crisis.
Plans to build a specialist cancer palliative care centre at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been unveiled.
Brighton ended a run of three straight Championship defeats with a comfortable win over Bristol City at Ashton Gate.
Northern Ireland's largest health board has said it has had to cancel operations due to "seasonal pressures" on its A&E departments.
Barclays has agreed to pay US authorities $1.2bn (£1.1bn) to settle claims it rigged the London inter-bank offered rate (Libor).
Two young Irish rugby fans are celebrating after the sport's governing body changed its mind and agreed to allow them to play the sport wearing goggles.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup final at Murrayfield, Scottish Rugby has announced.
Crewe Alexandra manager Steve Davis says the future looks "very healthy" for the League Two club after announcing the signing of six more under-21 players.
Exeter Chiefs will face Wasps in the Premiership final against Leicester Tigers next week after beating Saracens to reach the final of the European Champions Cup for the first time.
NHS staff using Google are being asked to complete a security check to make sure they are human and not a robot, the BBC understands.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick in extra time as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers to win the Fifa Club World Cup for the third time in a row.
The father of missing serviceman Corrie Mckeague has said it is "heartbreaking" to see how much rubbish police have found at the site where he last saw the missing airman.
The cost of providing free childcare for working parents in Wales could be "considerably higher" than previously estimated, an economist has warned.
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear alongside James Corden in a special episode of Carpool Karaoke, the BBC has revealed.
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has opened.
Wigan Warriors will take confidence into next week's Challenge Cup semi-final against Catalans Dragons after beating Warrington Wolves in the League Leaders' Shield final, says head coach Tony Smith.
Ben Duckett, Chris Woakes and Toby Roland-Jones have been named Wisden Cricketers' Almanack cricketers of the year.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a two-vehicle crash in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman who was killed in a two-car crash in County Down.
Craig Draper scored a hat-trick as Torquay United progressed to the second round of the League Cup with victory over Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic.
Carwyn Jones has said the Welsh Government will have to make "tough decisions" in its first year in power, as Labour unveiled its election pledges.
A former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of historical child sex abuse.
A host of Scottish public figures have been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Nursing homes in England are having difficulty recruiting enough nurses to cope with demand, the health regulator has warned.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded guilty to driving under the influence of alcohol after her lawyer said she has a condition known as "gut fermentation syndrome".
Scientists believe they have found a gene that may have played a key role in the development of the human brain.
Tottenham Hotspur have completed the signing of Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club-record fee of about £25m.
Staff at a mental health unit at Newcastle General Hospital have been left "shaken and saddened" after a pizza shop printed "don't eat this" on a box of takeaways.
The Welsh government is to spend an extra £4.2m on the repair of flood defences damaged in the winter storms.
Five women's footballers have been shortlisted for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants secured their place in the Super League play-offs with a narrow victory over Leigh Centurions at the John Smith's Stadium.
U2 have played their first concert in the Republic of Ireland in more than 30 years.
Wales made a winning start to their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with an emphatic victory over Moldova in Cardiff.
The Met Office has issued a warning of flooding in parts of Northern Ireland.
Police in Iran have arrested a group of young people who posted a video of themselves dancing to Pharrell Williams' song Happy, after the clip went viral on social media.
A Polish woman whose body was found buried alive in a year after she went missing was murdered, a court has heard.
The government has lost a legal challenge to its plan to tackle air pollution in the UK.
After conducting the BBC Proms finale for the first time as a woman, conductor Anne Alsop has returned to the UK from the United States, where she was greeted by pink balloons tied around the hall.
A court in Afghanistan has sentenced a man to life in prison for the rape and murder of his daughter.
An RAF pilot has been found guilty of causing a military aircraft to nosedive while using his camera to take pictures of the night sky.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group is increasingly using the encrypted messaging app Telegram to disseminate its propaganda, despite a sustained clampdown on its Twitter presence.
Iraq's parliament has passed a package of reforms aimed at overhauling the way the country is governed.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in Dar es Salaam on Tuesday to win the women's Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in the country's history.
Double Olympic champions Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Great Britain's second gold medal of the Rio 2016 rowing with victory in the women's double sculls.
Plans to build a footbridge across the River Thames in London's River Thames have been given the go-ahead.
Hull City manager Mike Phelan has not had time to "exploit all of his options" in the transfer market, according to head coach Russell Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly has voted overwhelmingly in favour of legalising abortions.
Munster have been cleared of wrongdoing by the European Professional Rugby Players' Association's Concussion Management Review Group (EPCR) for allowing Conor Murray to continue playing against Glasgow Warriors in January.
At least one person has been killed in clashes between Iraqi security forces and protesters in the Green Zone area of the capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman with learning disabilities is to be sterilised, the Court of Protection has ruled.
The National Trust has announced the shortlist of teams shortlisted to design the restoration of a Grade II-listed building which was badly damaged by fire.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the top of the Criterium du Dauphine to 13 seconds after finishing second in Tuesday's second stage.
Fire crews have been tackling a large blaze at a seaside leisure centre in the Dorset seaside town of Great Yarmouth.
Four men have been arrested in the north east of England as part of a counter-terrorism investigation, the North East Counter Terrorism Unit has said.
Jordan, one of the most stable countries in the Middle East, has been a key player in the region for more than 70 years.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine's Luhansk region have ordered UN agencies and other organisations to leave the region, the UN humanitarian relief co-ordinator has said.
India will play in the Champions Trophy in England and Wales next month despite a dispute with the sport's world governing body over a new revenue-sharing deal.
Former Environment Secretary Lord Rooker has called for forests to be planted in parts of the English countryside to help prevent flooding.
The Flandreau Santee Sioux tribe in the US state of Oklahoma has burned down its marijuana crop in a dispute with the federal government.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected Tees Valley mayor in what he described as a "political earthquake".
The Russian Orthodox Church has said it has found no traces of holy oil on a bronze bust of the late Tsar Nicholas II, despite a top prosecutor's claim that holy myrrh seeped from it.
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to be the next justice on the Supreme Court.
Kathleen Howe is one of Silicon Valley's most successful female entrepreneurs, but she grew up in the computer room of a girls' school where coding was the norm.
An exhibition has opened to mark the 50th anniversary of the last railway station to close in the UK.
Markets in China and Hong Kong were among the region's biggest fallers on Monday, following a raft of disappointing economic data from the world's biggest economy.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted armed robbery after a raid on a jewellery shop in central London.
Bayer Leverkusen coach Juergen Schmidt has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct by the German Football Association's disciplinary committee.
The far-right Freedom Party has won the Austrian presidential election for the first time, and the Danish People's Party (DP) has gained a record number of seats in the European Parliament.
The Green Party has gained its first councillor in Orkney.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died after being involved in a three-vehicle crash in Edinburgh.
It's been a day that's gone by so quickly it's almost impossible to keep up with.
A Pembrokeshire man is trying to track down the identity of a postcard he received almost 30 years ago.
The Prince of Wales has marked the centenary of the outbreak of World War One by paying tribute to those who lost their lives during the conflict.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Australia international prop Willie Mason on a one-year deal.
US drug giant Pfizer has agreed to buy a US company that specialises in the treatment of eczema in a deal worth $1.7bn (£1.1bn).
A Canadian hostage who was kidnapped in the Philippines has been found dead, hours after a severed head was found in a street on the island of Jolo.
Madonna has made her first official music video for her new album, In The Lonely Hour.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a womaniser.
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union, leaving it as the only part of the South West to vote to leave.
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint in his own home in West Lothian.
The Scottish Conservatives have made history by becoming the first party to win more than one seat in Scotland in a general election.
China's Ding Junhui fought back from 5-4 down to beat Portugal's Joao Figueiredo 6-5 and reach the second round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised in a report for its communication with victims of crime.
World number one Angelique Kerber lost 6-4 6-2 to Zheng Saisai in the second round of the Warsaw Open.
A service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
The Cassini spacecraft has made history by sending back the most exciting news of the year.
Thousands of people have turned out to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday by attending a street party in London's Hyde Park.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer, her family has announced.
A teacher has been charged in connection with a hoax bomb threat to a teenage girl's school.
Macclesfield Town have signed striker Luke Marsh on a one-year deal after he left National League rivals Dover Athletic.
The Premier League has produced some of the best players in the competition this season - and I have picked my team of the season based on who I think is the best of the bunch.
Tributes are being paid to the six people who died when a balcony collapsed on to the balcony of an apartment in the United States.
A US college entrance exam that was due to be held in South Korea and Hong Kong on Saturday has been cancelled because of allegations of cheating.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back the old Clause IV of the party's constitution as part of a commitment to take "necessary things" back into public ownership.
Gylfi Sigurdsson believes Swansea City are returning to the "old Swansea City" after a poor start to the season.
Three Welsh police forces have been told they need to do more to tackle domestic abuse and child sexual exploitation, according to a report.
Paul Smith suffered a third successive defeat as he lost the WBA super-middleweight title to Juergen Zeuge.
Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to play the detective who led the Great Train Robbery raid in a new BBC One drama.
India has accused the US of "playing games" over the case of its former ambassador to the US, Radha Khobragade.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time in their history.
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has been awarded the Martin Ennals Award for human rights abuses for the first time.
The transport system in the north of England is "at breaking point", according to a cross-party group of politicians calling for more investment in regional transport.
Dan Evans came from a set down to beat Spain's Marcel Granollers and secure his place in the last 16 of the Australian Open qualifying.
Voting has begun in Merseyside's local council and mayoral elections.
The body of a seven-year-old boy whose body was pulled from a river has been formally identified.
A French politician has launched a petition urging the French government to ban pork substitutes in school meals, in a move that has sparked a debate about secularism.
Dublin retained the All-Ireland Football Championship title for the second time in three seasons with a narrow 0-14 to 0-12 victory over Mayo at Croke Park.
A group of Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry for the second time in less than a year.
Russia has praised a Belarusian official who carried the Russian flag at the Rio Paralympics after it was confiscated from a member of his delegation.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a 13-year-old boy by dangerous driving after he was knocked over by a tractor.
British Cycling have signed former three-time world champion David Millar as an anti-doping ambassador for the team for the rest of the season.
Residents have said they are "very angry" that a large fire at a rubbish dump which has been burning for more than a month is still going on.
Eight men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences linked to the radical cleric Anjem Choudary, the Metropolitan Police has said.
An argument has broken out over whether a new technique for using light waves as a medium for data transmission is viable.
The inquest into the death of the mother-to-be, Charlotte Bevan, who took her own life after suffering from postnatal depression, has highlighted the need for better support for women with mental health problems.
Worcestershire all-rounder Ryan Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
The Welsh Government is being urged to offer help to community hydro projects which have seen their profits wiped out by business rates rises.
Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Jamie Stephens will serve a two-match ban after the Football Association upheld the red card that led to him being sent off.
Conservative French presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to give a speech in Paris on Monday, in the face of mounting pressure to quit the race.
Workers are being "pressurised" into coming to work even when they are sick, according to a survey of more than 1,000 people.
Residents of a Sheffield tower block where cladding failed fire safety tests have said they feel "betrayed" by the council.
An Indian doctor who worked as a junior doctor in Sydney, Australia, has been found guilty of using a false identity to work as a doctor.
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after the Israeli leader said in the run-up to the election that he would not support the creation of a Palestinian state.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl after she had drunk half a can of Foster's beer.
The government's new strategy to tackle violent extremism has been set out in the wake of the Paris attacks - but what do we know about it so far?
Lord Alderdice has told Theresa May that she must not approach the issue of the Irish border as if she is still home secretary.
University vice-chancellors should not be paid more than the prime minister, Mayor of London Boris Johnson is to say.
The skeleton of a carnivorous dinosaur found in Mongolia has been sold at auction in the US for the first time.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman produced a string of fine saves to earn his side a point in a goalless League Two draw with Blackpool.
The number of mental health patients waiting to be seen by a GP in Wales has risen for the sixth year in a row, according to new figures.
A defibrillator has been stolen from outside a village hall - the second time in a year it has been taken from a site in Bristol.
More than a third of drivers have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA.
The effectiveness of 20mph speed limits in Greater Manchester is to be reviewed after a report found they have not cut accidents as quickly as planned.
St Johnstone midfielder Scott Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has rejected claims that the party has "no chance" of winning an outright majority in the next general election.
A reward has been offered for information after a greyhound's ear was cut off before it was dumped in a garden.
The trial of a German far-right extremist accused of carrying out a string of racially motivated murders has begun in Munich.
US TV network Univision has said it will continue to air a beauty pageant owned by US tycoon Donald Trump.
Tom Hiddleston has apologised for his speech at the Golden Globe awards, in which he appeared to criticise aid workers in war-torn South Sudan.
A £100m shopping and entertainment complex in Newport has opened its doors to the public.
The head of the world's most powerful central bank has told the BBC that central banks may not be able to do everything they are expected to do.
Politicians have been promising to clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion since the start of the election campaign.
Rescue workers in Italy are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's devastating earthquake in the towns of Amatrice, Arquata, Accumoli and Pescara del Tronto.
A service of prayer and a minute's silence will mark the first anniversary of the Shoreham air show crash in which 11 people died.
A row has broken out between Devon and Cornwall's police and crime commissioner and the force's chief constable over the cost of moving his office from a business park to police headquarters.
The Australian government has announced a $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) drought assistance package for farmers in Queensland and New South Wales.
A Texas grand jury has found no criminal charges to be brought in connection with the death of Sandra Bland, who was found hanged in her cell at a Texas jail in July.
Crewe Alexandra have signed Scunthorpe United midfielder Chris Nolan on a one-year deal.
China's Ding Junhui has become the fastest man to reach the semi-finals of the China Championship for the first time in his career.
Warwickshire fast bowler Timm Berg could be out for the rest of the season with a stress fracture of the back, according to head coach Doug Benkenstein.
The partner of a man killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was "in a washing machine" at the time of the crash.
Mae'r Esgob Tyddewi wedi dweud ei hethol gan aelodau yng Nghymru wedi gael ei wneud yn dilyn ymddeoliad yr Archesgob Cymru, yn ôl achos fel un "hanesyddol".
Barrow have signed Hartlepool United manager Kevin Cox on a two-year deal after the Pools were relegated from the Football League.
Cadbury, the UK's best-known chocolate brand, is to ditch Fairtrade certification for the first time in its history.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for her novel Purple Hibiscus for a third time.
A man has admitted striking a Rangers fan in the head with a metal pole during the Scottish Cup semi-final with Celtic.
US officials have said they are keeping a "close eye" on the threat level ahead of the Super Bowl on 7 February, which will be held in San Francisco.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect dead" within 30 minutes of collapsing on the pitch at White Hart Lane, according to his consultant cardiologist, Dr Peter Tobin.
Police are investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of an 18-year-old man in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in pre-season testing for Mercedes as he set the fastest time of the session at Barcelona's Circuito de Jerez.
Art critic Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named as the world's most influential curator in a list of the most influential people in the arts.
Oil giant Shell has apologised after a cardboard cutout of a woman wearing a headscarf was used in one of its adverts in Malaysia.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn dweud eu cyhoeddi yn cael eu gwahaniaeth ysgolion gael ei defnyddio yng Nghymru, yn ôl i'r drefn o gategoreiddio weithio orau.
When Prof David Benton was growing up in the 1960s and 1970s, he never imagined that today we would be so reliant on oil as we are today.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding relegation from Division Two suffered a major blow as they lost six wickets on the final day against Kent at Canterbury.
North Korea has said it has successfully test-fired a ballistic missile from a submarine, according to state media.
The Information Commissioner's Office has warned that people are being targeted by fraudsters trying to steal their pension savings.
A High Court judge has been told he will have to wait until the autumn to decide whether two brothers who lied in court should be brought back to court for re-offending.
Concealed contact lenses are being sold illegally on the black market in the run-up to Halloween, trading standards officers have warned.
A man deported from the UK after working for the Byron Byron restaurant chain has said he was "thrown away" by immigration officials after being arrested in a raid on the chain's restaurants.
National League side Eastleigh have signed midfielder Luke Cole from fellow strugglers Staines Town for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones actress Gwendoline Christie is to star in the new series of Top of the Lake, Jane Campion's award-winning crime series.
First Derivatives, the Newry-based software company, has reported a pre-tax profit of £7.5m for the first half of the year.
A man who carried out a series of "repeated" burglaries in Manchester has been given a lifetime ban from the area where he carried out the crimes.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is due to meet UK Prime Minister David Cameron in Downing Street later to discuss the implications of the EU referendum.
The Scottish government has ordered a strategic review of undercover policing in Scotland after the UK government refused to extend an inquiry into the issue north of the border.
Lazio will play their next two Europa League matches behind closed doors and have been fined 40,000 euros (£34,475) by Uefa.
Apple has welcomed a New York judge's decision to throw out a request to force the company to help the FBI access data on an iPhone.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes between his supporters and protesters marred the event.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has signed a new two-year deal with Ospreys.
A four-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a Staffordshire Bull Terrier.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
The Pullman carriage used to carry Winston Churchill's coffin to his state funeral 50 years ago has been restored.
An exhibition of hundreds of naked people will go on show in Hull later this year.
Recordings of Christmas and New Year celebrations in the home of one of London's most famous families have gone on public display for the first time.
UKIP has complained to Kent Police after the BBC's satirical programme Have I Got News for You aired a joke about former UKIP leader Nigel Farage.
Engineers have built an octopus-like robot arm that could revolutionise surgery.
One of the world's most famous steam locomotives has returned to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a performance of a new show by Heather Flatley's Lord of the Dance.
A Pembrokeshire radio station is to move to a new home in Carmarthenshire, BBC Wales understands.
Argentina has won a court ruling against five oil companies accused of illegally drilling for oil in the Falkland Islands in the South Atlantic.
The Spitfire has flown over Greater Manchester for the last time before being retired from the skies.
The Department for Energy, Climate Change and Climate Change has published a report on the impact of Brexit on the UK's energy system.
An app that allows people to identify public figures based on their appearance has been released in the UK, the BBC has learned.
Rory McIlroy will move up one place in the world rankings after Japan's Hideki Matsuyama won his first title of the season.
The search for a kayaker reported to have gone missing off the County Down coast has been called off after it was found to be a hoax.
Facebook has announced a raft of new features for its Messenger app, including the ability for other social networks and services to directly post to it.
It's that time of year again when the world's most powerful man heads to the UK.
US special forces are to be deployed to Iraq and Syria to carry out operations against Islamic State (IS) militants, US Defence Secretary Ashton Carter has announced.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of several US-based human rights organisations as part of an investigation into alleged violations of the country's human rights laws.
In the back of the Museum of Zoological Society of London there is a small, dark corner of a laboratory.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling off her bike on a Pembrokeshire beach.
Thousands of Little Mix fans have been left disappointed after the band cancelled a concert in Belfast due to singer Jesy Nelson being unwell.
Work has begun on a memorial to the Spitfire to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
Ryan Owens scored a hat-trick of tries as Widnes Vikings ended Warrington Wolves' unbeaten start to the Super League season.
South Africa is one of the world's most sought-after destinations for tourists, but what do they have to offer tourists these days?
League Two side Leyton Orient have signed Chesterfield midfielder Yann Kermorgant for an undisclosed fee after he left the League One club.
(Close): The Nasdaq ended the day with its biggest one-day fall in more than a month as the Nasdaq fell for a second day in a row.
Sri Lankan women who have fled their employers in Saudi Arabia say they are being held in a detention centre in Riyadh, where they are waiting to be deported back to Sri Lanka.
US President Barack Obama has vowed to fight on after the Supreme Court ruled in favour of his signature healthcare law.
A former IRA man who escaped from custody 40 years ago has been jailed for two years for possession of a pipe bomb with intent to endanger life.
Tens of thousands of people have gathered in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to pay their last respects to the late Coptic Christian leader, Pope Hubertus Shenouda.
A man has been found dead at the scene of a suspected murder in Merseyside.
Jeremy Corbyn may have had a "marrow moment" on the eve of the Labour Party conference.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is not surprised England striker Marcus Rashford has been selected in his Euro 2016 squad.
MPs are debating amendments to the government's same-sex marriage bill amid a row over the status of civil partnerships.
Two chemistry labs and a McDonald's restaurant have been forced to close after a fire broke out at Dundee University.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with victory at Leyton Orient.
Wrexham's drug problem is "everywhere", according to Lisa, one of the town's best known drug users.
Zanzibar's electoral commission chairman has apologised to the people of the Indian Ocean archipelago for the violence that followed the cancellation of Sunday's presidential and parliamentary elections.
Wales has seen a rise in the number of jobs created by foreign direct investment, according to new figures.
Sarin gas was used in a chemical weapons attack on a rebel-held town in Syria in April that killed dozens of people, including children, a report says.
A Yemeni Islamist militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has called for the release of three Yemeni soldiers who were kidnapped last month.
A Scottish man has been reunited with his suit and badges commemorating the Gallipoli campaign in World War One after it was lost on a train.
British Paralympic champion David Weir has said he has retired from international competition.
Shropshire College has announced plans to cut up to 76 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive to reduce costs.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating an allegation of malpractice over a business studies exam.
Ed Sheeran has played two surprise sets at Glastonbury Festival in front of a crowd of just 80 people.
Sierra Leone's former civil war veteran and Ebola treatment centre manager, Joseph Koffi, has returned to the country for the first time since the outbreak of the deadly disease in 2014.
Brentwood and Ongar Conservative MP Sir Eric Pickles has announced he is to stand down at the general election, after 25 years in the seat.
Paris St-Germain extended their lead at the top of Ligue 1 to seven points after losing 2-0 at Lyon.
Juventus midfielder Miralem Pjanic has signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with the Serie A champions.
Wearable technology has come a long way in the last five years, but is it now ready to take on the big tech giants?
The Vatican has approved a second miracle attributed to the intercession of the late Indian nun Mother Teresa, paving the way for her to be declared a saint.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on a suspected World War Two bomb found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
Second-hand Volkswagen cars have seen their value fall by 2% in the year since the diesel emissions scandal broke, according to new research.
The chief executive of Facebook has said he is "somewhat sympathetic" to Apple in its battle with the FBI over encryption.
The remains of a woman whose body was recovered from the Java Sea where the missing AirAsia plane crashed have been laid to rest.
Kilmallie held Oban Camanachd to a goalless draw in the quarter-finals of the MacCuish Cup but Lochaber came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at Kinlochshiel and Newtonmore thumped Skye in the Marine Harvest National Division.
Belgian police have foiled a plot to attack a train station in a town in the north-east of the country, hours after the Paris attacks, prosecutors say.
Night-vision goggles are to be used to catch irresponsible dog owners who leave their pets out in the middle of the road.
A railway club member has described the moment he found a "sozzled squirrel" drinking out of a bar's tap.
The Scottish government is to be asked what it knows about allegations that Police Scotland has been spying on MSPs.
A US man who spent 28 years on death row after being wrongly convicted of a murder has been released from prison.
Five businesses in Edinburgh have been given fixed penalty notices after inspectors found up to half of their waste contained trade waste.
The families of two inmates who took their own lives at a prison in Buckinghamshire have launched a legal bid for a judicial review.
The Red Arrows will be replaced within the next two years, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A 92-year-old man with learning disabilities has written to the House of Lords calling for a legal euthanasia law to be introduced.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli has accused Bastia fans of making monkey noises to him in the warm-up and during the French Ligue 1 match between the sides on Friday.
Members of the RMT union on Virgin Trains East Coast have voted overwhelmingly in favour of strike action on the East Coast Main Line.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for the rest of the season after having ankle surgery.
The resignation of Top Gear presenter Chris Evans has sparked a debate on social media about who should replace him.
Bees in 17 European countries are dying out faster than in some other parts of the EU, according to a new report.
The body of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader, has been returned to Pyongyang, the Chinese foreign ministry says.
The United Nations (UN) is to end a project with Wonder Woman after a backlash over its use of the iconic comic book character.
The owner of a yacht has been taken to hospital after an explosion on a beach in Argyll and Bute.
A man has appeared in court accused of racially aggravated behaviour at an anti-refugee rally where he is said to have shouted racist abuse at a group of refugees.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Liverpool may have to increase council tax to pay for the upkeep of its parks and open spaces, a report has suggested.
Nigeria's government says it has foiled an attempt to shut down a radio station campaigning for the creation of a breakaway state of Biafra.
A homeless man who has raised more than £100,000 for homeless people in London has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Boeing has tested a laser beam that can be folded into a ball and carried in a backpack.
Five people have been arrested in connection with the fatal stabbing of teenager Ryan Appleton in north London.
Crusaders will hope to extend their lead at the top of the Premiership to seven points if they beat Glenavon and Linfield fail to beat Coleraine.
Former Liverpool striker John St John believes football should pay for the care costs of former players who have dementia as a result of playing the game.
BBC Sport will bring you live coverage of every match of the 2015-16 season, as well as highlights of all the major matches of the week.
A new portrait of composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is to be projected on to public buildings across the north-east of England.
The number of 'Boris bikes' to be installed in Glasgow is set to be "far larger" than the first pilot scheme, it has been announced.
India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 88 runs in the second Test in Colombo to level the three-match series at 1-1.
Donald Trump's golf tournament will be held in Mexico City next year after organisers decided to move it from Florida to Mexico City.
The Scottish government's plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol have been at the centre of a long-running legal battle with the Scotch Whisky Association.
Brian May has led tributes to Status Quo star Rick Parfitt, who has died at the age of 71.
The average cost of car insurance will rise by an average of £13 a year, the AA has warned, as the Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) rate rises to 9.5%.
Championship strugglers Cheltenham and Queens Park Rangers played out a goalless draw in the English Football League, while a goal drought ended for Blackburn Rovers.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says his players have done well in pre-season as they prepare for the Betfred Cup group stage.
The rector of the University of Stirling has called on the Scottish government to drop plans to directly elect members of higher education's governing bodies.
Cardiff City will not make a decision on the future of Peter Whittingham until the end of the January transfer window.
The first part of a decommissioning project at the Beatrice oil field in the North Sea is due to begin.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he does not feel like he has reached his peak after reaching the quarter-finals of the China Championship.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon's wife, Penelope, has been questioned by police as part of an investigation into alleged payments to her as a parliamentary aide.
Plymouth Argyle have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players in the 2-2 draw with Rochdale in the League Two play-off final.
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed Wrexham midfielder Joel Smith on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture has been unveiled in memory of musician Michael Ronson as part of Hull's City of Culture celebrations.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the theft of a Blackpool T-Mobile phone from a concert goer's pocket.
A woman has died after being hit by a train in Suffolk.
Michael O'Donnell has revealed he struggled to walk down the stairs before the Strictly Come Dancing live show because of his anxiety.
The Women's World Cup starts on Friday, with octopuses hoping to become the next 'psychic' octopus to try to predict the outcome of matches.
Colwyn Bay have parted company with manager Mark Lynch after two and a half years in charge of the League Two strugglers.
A 12-year-old boy has won the men's World Conkers Championships for the second time in three years.
A driver has been caught with a sofa in the back of his car.
At the Paris Air Show this week, a spooky-looking aircraft has gone on show for the first time.
What do you think is going on in the streets of central London at this time of year?
The United States has accused the UN Human Rights Council of a "chronic anti-Israel bias" and of being biased against the US.
The Church of England is to start the process of divesting from companies that make money from the most polluting forms of energy.
Swansea City head coach Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried for the table, not his position", after his side's poor run of form left them in the Premier League relegation zone.
Manchester United's hopes of overturning a two-goal deficit and reaching the Europa League quarter-finals suffered a major blow as they were outclassed by Olympiakos at Old Trafford.
The US has urged Pakistan to "take action" against militants who have attacked an Indian air force base in Punjab state, days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Pakistan.
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage in Pakistan has returned to Delhi after a court ordered her to leave the country.
The Liberal Democrats have said they have a "lot of rebuilding to do" after three of their MPs lost their seats in the general election in Scotland.
Madagascar's President Hery Rajaonarimampianina has survived a no-confidence vote in parliament.
England captain Alastair Cook played the longest Test innings of his career as he hit a career-best double century on the final day of the first Test against Pakistan.
College lecturers in Glasgow are to be balloted on whether to join a series of strikes planned for next week.
What do we know for sure about the UK's involvement in the war in Syria?
The world's biggest bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Southampton.
A suspected firearm has been recovered in west Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 14-year-old girl.
Mexico's Attorney General Luis Felipe Galindo has resigned after an investigation into the deaths of at least 43 people in a raid on a drug cartel.
Passenger flight bookings systems used by airlines and travel agents are vulnerable to cyber-attacks, researchers have warned.
More than 90% of police officers in England and Wales believe their own morale has been affected by pay and pensions reforms, a survey for the BBC has found.
Leeds Rhinos held off a second-half fightback from Salford to earn a narrow victory at the AJ Bell Stadium.
Oxford's New Road is to be made pedestrian-only for the whole of next year because of the number of people using it.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) will consult with the Foreign Office over security concerns ahead of England's tour of Bangladesh in October.
A council chief executive arrested as part of an investigation into alleged financial irregularities at two councils in Lancashire has been released on bail.
David Cameron is due to begin a week of talks on the future of the European Union as he heads to Europe for talks with French and Spanish leaders.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has urged his players to be "head down" ahead of Thursday's National League game against Tranmere Rovers.
The Botanic Garden of Scotland's largest corm has produced its first flower of the season.
Tyson Fury's rematch with Wladimir Klitschko will go ahead on 29 October, despite the British heavyweight champion being charged with a doping offence.
A woman has admitted murdering three men whose bodies were found dumped in ditches in Peterborough and Lincolnshire.
A drone that can teach the brain how to control it using just a computer screen has been developed.
A new contractor has been appointed to carry out demolition work at the former Alnwick Power Station site in County Londonderry.
Indonesia's governing PDI-P party has performed better than expected in the first round of parliamentary elections, preliminary results show.
Anheuser-Busch InBev and SABMiller have reached an agreement on the "key terms of a possible recommended offer" for one of the world's biggest brewers.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced plans to invest £250m in improving facilities across the country.
The South West is to get the most money from a new fund to tackle the shortage of affordable second homes, the government has announced.
Poker players in the US state of Pennsylvania are facing off against an artificial intelligence program in a series of matches being streamed live online.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Chinese takeaway restaurant owner in County Antrim.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched an attack on a hospital in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour, in the latest in a series of attacks on government-held areas of the country.
A court in Vietnam has sentenced a French-Vietnamese dissident writer to three years in jail for subversion.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) has reported a rise in revenues for the year to the end of 2016.
Ride-sharing service Uber has reached a settlement with customers who sued the firm over claims that it is failing to ensure the safety of its drivers.
Rangers in South Africa are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park where an American tourist was killed last week.
Philip Larkin is to be remembered in Poets' Corner in Westminster Abbey.
A former soldier has been jailed for life for the "horrific" rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl 40 years ago.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir has sacked the entire cabinet in what is seen as a major political reshuffle.
A Russian spacecraft carrying supplies to the International Space Station (ISS) has lost contact with its launch vehicle.
In a schoolroom in a refugee camp in Lebanon's Bekaa Valley, children are drawing pictures of what they want to be when they grow up.
A Scottish man and an Irish woman have died after a yacht ran aground in the Western Cape in South Africa.
Firefighters have worked to prevent homes in the Dorset coast town of Great Yarmouth from flooding after heavy rain.
The Scottish SPCA has issued a warning about the dangers of leaving antifreeze in the home after the death of a cat in Glasgow.
The Salt Lake City Owlz minor league baseball team has apologised for a promotional calendar featuring the slogan "Caucasian Heritage Night".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of kidnapping a woman who has been missing from her Milton Keynes home for a week.
What do you do when you have the flu?
The A713 in Ayrshire has reopened following a two-vehicle crash in which one man died and another was seriously injured.
Leicester City won the Premier League title for the first time in the club's history last season - and it has been hailed as one of the greatest sports stories of the 20th Century.
Nick Gubbins hit his first Championship century of the season as Middlesex maintained their 100-run lead over Somerset at Lord's.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he is "deeply sorry" for the UK's involvement in the Iraq war.
A group of hen partygoers who got stuck in mud on their way to their hen party have been rescued by a lifeboat.
Actor Warwick Bradley is to play the role of William Hartnell in a new BBC One drama about the creation of Doctor Who.
The European Commission has recommended that the UK government should go ahead with plans for a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
Detectives have released a new image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the attempted murder of a couple during a raid on their Kent home.
Work has begun on a new community centre in Llandysul, on Anglesey, to replace the town's market hall.
Theresa May's plans to reform the way police stop and search powers are used in England and Wales are being considered, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Glentoran manager Stephen Haveron has challenged his players to "show passion and pride" in Saturday's Premiership match against Linfield at Mourneview Park.
Doctors in north Wales have voted against plans to downgrade maternity services at a Denbighshire hospital.
Dundee United manager Grant McCann has cancelled the rest of his players' day off after they were outclassed by Queen of the South in the League Cup.
Slovakia became an independent state on 1 January 1993 after the dissolution of Czechoslovakia and the creation of the European Union.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says it would be a "no-brainer" to sign former Derby County midfielder Chris Barker on a short-term deal.
The history of a Perthshire town's bowling club is to be explored in a new museum.
England qualified for Euro 2017 with victory over Belgium in their final match of the Women's Euro 2017 qualifying campaign in Leuven.
Google has confirmed it has shut down its Titan Aerospace division, which had been developing internet-providing drones.
Police are searching for a man who escaped from a hospital after jumping out of a window in Manchester city centre.
Professor Frank Pantridge, who invented the portable defibrillator, was one of Northern Ireland's most famous doctors, but what do we know about him as a person?
London Lionhearts lost to Cuba in the final of the World Series of Boxing (WSB) Super Series final at London's O2 Arena.
Championship side Oldham ended Challenge Cup holders Hull KR's hopes of reaching the sixth round with a six-try win at the Madejski Stadium.
The mayor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has said plans to turn the Evin prison complex into a park have been approved by the country's judiciary.
A woman has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries after being hit by a van in East Lothian.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) dropped rape allegations against a 15-year-old girl in Greater Manchester in 2008 because of a lack of evidence, the BBC has learned.
The death of a footballer from a cardiac arrest is one of the worst examples of the dangers of playing top-level sport.
The number of listeners listening to BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra has fallen for the first time in two years, according to new figures from Nielsen Music.
A new festival is to mark the 800th anniversary of the birth of one of Scotland's most famous philosophers.
Marco Tedesco has become the latest high-profile German manager to leave Bundesliga rivals Hoffenheim to take charge of Schalke.
Celtic have been fined £50,000 by Uefa after crowd trouble marred their Europa League defeat by Galatasaray.
A stretch of towpath on the River Rhondda in Swansea will be closed to the public during the winter for repairs to be carried out.
The Scottish Professional Football League has issued new rules aimed at tackling crowd trouble at matches.
When the Maoist rebels seized power in the eastern Indian state of Chhattisgarh in 1971, they were known as "Maoist guerrillas" or "maoist rebels".
Scientists have created a "molecular tape recorder" that allows them to trace the origins of cells back to the beginning of their development.
Paralympic champion Dame Sarah Storey won a record-equalling 16th gold medal at the Para-cycling Track World Championships with victory in the women's individual time trial.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been jailed for seven years for accepting a bribe.
The Queen's Speech has set out the government's priorities for the coming year, with plans to tackle extremism and tackle radicalisation.
Australian police searching for a boy who was mauled to death by a saltwater crocodile in a remote part of the country say they have shot at two other crocodiles.
England manager Roy Hodgson has warned his players that a goalless draw against Switzerland in their opening Euro 2016 qualifier on Monday will not guarantee qualification for next summer's finals.
A new app has been launched aimed at helping people struggling with mental health problems in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire.
Two County Antrim men have been given suspended sentences after thousands of tyres were found dumped on the shoreline of Lough Foyle.
Sri Lanka ended Australia's 100-run lead in the Test series with an eight-wicket win in Colombo to level the three-match series.
Typhoon Hagupit has made landfall in the Philippines, packing winds of up to 250km/h (155mph) and bringing heavy rain and flooding to the capital Manila.
Ireland have re-signed all-rounder Craig Rankin on a one-year deal after he turned down the chance to play for England again.
When Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane took charge of his first game in charge of the Bernabeu in February 2016, the mood at the Nou Camp was one of apathy.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has unveiled its new one-day and Twenty20 schedules for 2017 and 2018.
A town is facing a £5,000 repair bill after a man was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol.
The Indian Ocean island of Reunion is the largest of the French overseas departments of Mauritius and Rodrigues in the Indian Ocean.
The US has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia in the fight against terrorism, as the new US secretary of state began his first trip abroad since taking office.
England's Justin Rose shot a one-under-par 69 to lie two shots behind leader Rickie Fowler after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Alan Stubbs has left Hibernian to take charge of Championship strugglers Rotherham United.
As Othman's family has lived in the same northern Iraqi village where Mosul Dam stands for more than 30 years, it is hard to imagine what life would be like if it collapsed.
West Ham co-chairman David Gold has learned a valuable lesson after a joke on Twitter went wrong.
A butcher has said he is "gutted" after turkeys, ducks and chickens were stolen from his shop during a break-in.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has won her first match since giving birth to her son.
Super League champions Leeds Rhinos say it will cost them £1m to clean up the flood-damaged training pitches at their Kirkstall site.
The bodies of six teenagers who died after a party in a wood-burning hut near the Austrian town of Wuerzburg may have been killed by carbon monoxide poisoning, police say.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has used corruption as a "rallying cry" for its supporters, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton says it will be "exciting" to see how close the Formula 1 season will be this year.
Scientists have found the first evidence of a mysterious "hotspot" of heat at the very top of Jupiter's Great Red Spot.
Bradford Bulls will rejoin the Rugby Football League from next season after new owners Shahid Khan and Tony Sutcliffe's takeover of the Super League club was approved by the RFL.
Leicestershire Riders are aiming to win the British Basketball League title for the fourth time in a row as they prepare for the play-off final against Sheffield Sharks.
Kilmarnock boosted their hopes of reaching the Premiership play-offs with victory over Hearts at Rugby Park.
The UK has some of the worst health outcomes in Europe, according to a new report.
Two people have been shot dead after a car crashed into a police barrier in central Paris during the Tour de France cycling race.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by Black Friday discounts, according to official figures.
A trainer has said he was "stressed and rushing" to collect the saddle for a horse that turned out to be the wrong winner of a race at a Suffolk racecourse.
The chances of the UK staying in the European Union after the referendum are "very, very low", a former cabinet secretary has said.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion and fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
The French president has said that "the worst can always happen" as he visited the site of a former Nazi concentration camp in the south-east of France.
Google has doubled a reward for a student who discovered a loophole in its website-buying system that let him take over the Google.com web address.
The Home Office is considering whether to hold a public inquiry into the so-called Battle of Orgreave, the House of Lords has been told.
Motherwell moved into second place in the Premiership thanks to Scott Johnson's stoppage-time strike against Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
The Atlantic Philanthropies founder Chuck Feeney, who has donated more than $6.5bn (Â£3.9bn) to charity in the last 30 years, has been described as "the man who has done more for Ireland than anyone since Saint Patrick".
The Conservative MP for a Stoke-on-Trent West has been re-elected after resigning as an MP following a "vicious smear campaign", he has said.
The release of Rajinikanth's latest movie has prompted companies in southern India to declare a three-day weekend to allow people to watch it at work.
Former NBA basketball star Lamar Odom has been taken to hospital after being found unconscious in a Nevada brothel.
It's been a day of mixed emotions in Brussels.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has stood by his claim in his 2012 book My Time that he had "never had an injection" prior to a race.
More than 1,000 baby spiderlings have been released into the wild for the first time in Suffolk.
Myanmar's opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) has named two candidates to be vice-presidents after Aung San Suu Kyi pulled out of the contest.
A 19-year-old computer scientist is trying to teach computers how to diagnose cancer by analysing data from breast tissue samples.
Sudanese and South Sudanese state-run TV stations are continuing to promote the military operations in Heglig and other parts of the north-eastern state of South Sudan.
Residents of a Pembrokeshire village have objected to plans to build more than 1,000 new homes.
The number of European Union (EU) workers in the UK workforce has reached a record high, according to official figures.
Artist Alan Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for the second time in three years.
Nigeria's most wanted kidnapper has filed a lawsuit against the authorities after he was arrested in the capital, Lagos.
Northern Ireland striker Aaron Paterson says his team are still searching for answers after losing 2-0 to Azerbaijan in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Baku.
Northern Ireland's Finance Committee has said it is "disappointed" the finance minister has not responded to a request for Nama to appear before the committee.
Thames Water has said it is working to fix a burst water main after a burst pipe caused flooding outside a London Tube station.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering the possibility of abdicating, according to reports from Japanese media.
Northern Ireland's environment minister has refused permission for a gas exploration company to drill a borehole in County Fermanagh.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh government, according to the Royal Institute of Chartered Accountants.
Universities in the UK are considering opening branches in other European Union countries in the wake of the vote to leave the EU.
Long naps could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to researchers in Japan.
Great Britain's men have missed out on a place at the 2018 Winter Paralympics after losing to Slovakia in the play-off round at the World Para-cycling Championships.
The remains of a teenager shot dead by the Army in 1972 are to be exhumed as part of an investigation into the events of that year.
The Saltire Book Awards have announced the shortlist for this year's prizes for fiction, poetry and non-fiction writers.
When you play for your hometown team in front of thousands of fans, you have to be a little bit of an A-lister if you want to get the best out of them.
House prices in the North East of England have seen the biggest annual price rises of any part of the UK, according to official figures.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for more help for low-paid NHS staff in London, after a survey of more than 1,000 of its members suggested a shortage of nurses in the capital is getting worse.
Karrueche has ended her relationship with ex-boyfriend Chris Brown.
Relatives of a Texas woman who was found dead in her cell after being held in custody for three days have said they believe she tried to kill herself in the past.
For the first time in the history of the United Nations, candidates hoping to become its next secretary-general are getting their chance to campaign in public view.
N-Dubz have surprised their fans by being nominated for four prizes at this year's Mobo Awards.
Five people have been arrested in connection with an investigation into the supply of heroin and cocaine into Gloucestershire.
Stephen Cook has been called into the South Africa squad for the final Test against England in Port Elizabeth on Wednesday.
Anti-fascists who took part in a counter-protest in Brighton were some of the "most intolerant people you could come across", police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan for the start of a two-day visit.
The area covered by glaciers in the French Alps has shrunk by 26% in the last 40 years, according to a new study.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission is investigating claims that a property developer banned tenants from renting curry houses because of the "smelly" odour.
At least one person has died after a train derailed near a village in Bulgaria's north-eastern region of Shumen and burst into flames, officials say.
A man has admitted stealing a woman's handbag and throwing her off a motorway bridge before she fell to her death.
Lewis Hamilton won his first Formula 1 world title with a dramatic victory in the final race of the season.
The family of a boy who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Greece have said they are "mortified" after a motorcyclist was given a suspended prison sentence.
A life-size puppet of Thunderbirds star Lady Penelope is to be auctioned off to raise money for charity, in memory of the show's creator John Anderson.
The GCSE exams in English language, English literature and maths are to undergo a major overhaul, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) after less than three months in charge of the Super Eagles.
The government is drawing up a package of measures to try to limit the impact of migrants coming to the UK from Romania and Bulgaria, the BBC understands.
A vicar's son has been jailed for 12 years after admitting a string of child sex offences including attempting to have sex with a 15-year-old girl.
Waiting times at accident and emergency units in England have improved for the first time in more than a year, according to new figures.
The government and Rotherham Borough Council are to hold an investigation into why foster parents from UKIP were barred from adopting three children, the BBC understands.
A fan in Aberdeen has placed a £10,000 bet on Andy Murray to win the Wimbledon men's singles title, according to Ladbrokes.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a "violent attack" in Rutherglen, South Lanarkshire.
Mexican authorities say they have found fugitive former governor of the northern state of Tamaulipas, Fernando Yarrington, who has been wanted by the United States on corruption charges.
Colchester extended their winless run in League One to seven games as they were held to a draw by 10-man Chesterfield.
Tower Bridge is to close to traffic for the next year as it undergoes a £1.5m refurbishment.
Sir Tom Jones is to return as a judge on ITV's The Voice UK, it has been announced.
Enid Blyton's Famous Five are to get a new series of adult versions of the classic children's books.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed five times in a street attack.
An Essex town could lose out on the benefits of a reality TV show if it fails to change perceptions of the town, it has been warned.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a baby girl in 2004, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Microsoft has struck a patent deal with Facebook to cover the costs of defending patents it bought from AOL.
British and Irish Lions wing Tommy Bowe made his first appearance of the season for Ulster A in Thursday's Pro12 match against Connacht at Kingspan Stadium.
US President Donald Trump has said he does not have any recordings of conversations he had with fired FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservative leader has called for an independent inquiry into the NHS in Wales, as well as the Wales Bill on further devolution.
Craig Levein has high hopes for Hearts head coach Ian Cathro despite the club's disappointing season.
A community group has been set up to try to stop mountain fires starting on the Welsh mountains.
US President Barack Obama's hometown of Chicago has been shortlisted as a potential site for his presidential library, according to reports.
Toyota, the world's biggest carmaker, has raised its full-year profit forecast on the back of a strong yen and a tie-up with Suzuki.
The Home Office has cancelled the passport of a woman who signed her passport with her middle name for "a laugh".
Two brothers have appeared in court charged with terror offences linked to the so-called Islamic State.
Katherine Mitchell and Stephen Kirk-Smith secured their place in Sunday's 1500m and 3,000m finals at the Santry meeting on Saturday.
Rangers and Dundee United will meet in the Scottish Cup semi-finals at Hampden on the weekend of 16 and 17 April.
The story of Bisma Baloch, the toddler who choked to death in the motorcade of Pakistan's former prime minister Benazir Bhutto, has caused outrage in the country.
The families of five men who died after a wall collapsed at a scrap metal recycling plant have called for an investigation into the cause of the collapse to be completed as quickly as possible.
Queen's Park moved out of the League Two relegation zone with victory over Queen's Park.
Coventry City Council has been criticised for taking in more Syrian refugees than any other local authority in the West Midlands.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison in the United States for trying to smuggle a bomb on to a plane in December 2009.
Tui Group, the world's biggest holiday firm, has said it is "deeply shocked" by the attack on a beach resort in Tunisia in which dozens of people were killed.
A World War Two bomb has been found on the Aberdeenshire coastline, police have said.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments in a case that could have a split decision on whether non-profit groups with religious ties can object to the Obama administration's contraception mandate.
A solar-powered plane attempting to fly around the world using the power of the Sun has been forced to make an emergency landing in Japan.
Karamoko Dembele has become Celtic's youngest-ever substitute after coming on as a substitute for the first time at the age of 13.
Kidderminster Harriers owner Colin Gordon should remain in charge of the club's first team, according to director of football Keith Brown.
A group of radio stations in the US has apologised after a "sexually explicit" podcast was played on their stations using a Barix streaming box.
Manchester City secured their place in the Premier League's top four for the first time in Manuel Pellegrini's final season in charge as they drew with Swansea to finish second in the table.
Defending champion Bubba Watson leads the Shenzhen International by one shot after the first round was suspended because of darkness.
Tommy Doughty's injury-time goal saw Swindon beat Millwall in the first game of new manager Luke Williams' first game in charge.
Theresa May has been accused by Labour of letting austerity damage her ability to keep the public safe, following the London terror attacks.
Former Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 83.
Coventry has marked the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two with a human chain lighting up the city centre.
Alan Sarstedt, best known for his song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 74.
The BBC has commissioned a 10-part drama series based on the award-winning children's novel Noughts and Crosses by Laurence Blackman.
Six men have been charged in connection with a series of alleged rapes in the South Yorkshire area.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury.
BP has withdrawn its staff from Libya, the oil company has announced.
It's not every day you get the reaction you'd expect from a head teachers' union.
A fire broke out on a ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry on Thursday morning after a "bed pan washer" caught fire.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with the murder of former celebrity bodyguard David Hayden in east London.
Pupils at a school where a boy was subjected to "cruel and overwhelming" taunts on social media have been given advice on how to deal with bullying.
A cast member of the US sitcom Two and Half Men has said he is quitting the show because it is "filling his head with filth".
The UK is to become the first country in Europe to import hydro-electric power from Norway, the government has announced.
A man who offered to give people a lift home after the Manchester terror attack has said it has been "heartening" to see people "pulling together" in the wake of the attack.
Rangers in South Africa are searching for a lion that has escaped from a national park in the southern province of Karoo and are considering whether to put it down.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign has been an interesting one.
Ipswich Town ended a run of three straight Championship defeats with a comfortable win over Queens Park Rangers at Portman Road.
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa has been described as the worst in the history of the disease.
A number of petrol bombs have been found stashed in a street in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched a new satellite that will help map the Earth for the first time.
Fisheries chiefs are to hold talks with the Scottish government about the future of Scotland's fishing industry after the UK voted to leave the EU.
A man has died in a collision between a bus and a private ambulance in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic has agreed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with the Spanish champions.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says his side's game against Ross County on Saturday will be the "biggest game" of his career.
A man has described the "devastating" damage caused to his cars after flash flooding at Pittencrieff Park in Fife.
East Dunbartonshire Council has been told to make savings of at least 10% of its budget if it is to continue to deliver good quality services.
A man who raped a woman 30 years ago has been found guilty of the "horrific" attack after DNA evidence linked him to the crime.
One of China's best-known intellectuals is celebrating his 106th birthday this week, as one of the country's founding fathers.
Stevenage have signed striker Matt Hyde on a two-year deal after he turned down a new deal at Barnet.
The Crucible Theatre has been nominated for three prizes at this year's Royal Variety Performance Awards for outstanding contribution to British theatre.
Steven Naismith is looking forward to the challenge of playing for new Norwich City manager Daniel Farke next season.
Scientists have used stem cells from the human embryo to restore hearing in gerbils.
Work has started on the next phase of a £50m shopping and entertainment complex in Oxford.
Tunisia goes to the polls on Sunday to elect a new National Assembly, six years after the overthrow of long-serving President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali.
John Carter Cash, the son of Johnny Cash, is to release an album of previously unheard recordings of the late singer.
Children who have experienced domestic abuse in childhood are more likely to develop poor health later in life, according to new research.
A former Celtic FC kit man is to stand trial accused of sexually abusing a young boy.
Three Scottish runners have been selected in Team GB's athletics squad for the Rio Olympics.
Port Vale manager Bruno Ribeiro has parted company with a further three members of his backroom staff after just two months in charge of the League One club.
Secondary schools in England are struggling to provide a good library service, according to a teachers' union.
Mae gwasanaethau brys Llundain wedi dweud ei bod hi'n amhosib i adeilad tân yng Nghymru, yn ôl aros yn eu gael eto i adael y bloc o fflatiau.
Bournemouth have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association for breaching anti-doping rules.
Bristol Cathedral is marking the 300th anniversary of the death of a Tudor princess who was cast aside by Henry VIII.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to World War Two codebreaker and codebreaker Alan Turing.
US President Barack Obama has paid a visit to the Jamaican Museum of Bob Marley as he arrived in the country for the start of a three-day visit.
Saturday's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Wycombe Wanderers has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scotland's Russell Knox is hoping to learn from the experience of fellow Scot Sandy Lyle when he competes for the first time at the Masters this week.
Middlesex all-rounder Matt Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the County Championship Division Two champions.
President Donald Trump's plan to withhold federal funds from California and San Francisco could be blocked by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the government's plan to bring Syrian refugees to the UK directly from refugee camps will have the "unintended consequence" of preventing Christians coming to Britain.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra are searching for a doctor after the bodies of three female foetuses were found buried in a plastic bag.
Wales women made it two wins from two autumn internationals as they ran in five tries in a comfortable win over the UK Armed Forces in Cardiff.
A man has been jailed for making a hoax bomb threat against a hospital in Inverness.
The Smiths were once in talks about re-forming, according to one of the band's former members.
Motherwell have appointed assistant manager Mark McGhee as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
The global food supply is at risk from trade and climate change, according to a new report.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh have resumed after a section of the line between the East Coast Main Line and the North of Scotland was closed due to a power cut.
Early detection of ovarian cancer using a blood test could cut the number of patients going on to have surgery, a US study suggests.
What is it about England's Six Nations performances this season that is so baffling?
The bodies of two people who died in an explosion and fire at a construction site in New York City's East Village on Saturday have been found, officials say.
Blackberry has announced a new Android smartphone that will be available in the UK from the end of July.
Millions of people travel to the Indian cities of Rishikesh and Haridwar every year to take part in the annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at a primary school in the Trinity area of Edinburgh.
British number two Kyle Edmund lost in straight sets to third seed Stan Wawrinka in the quarter-finals of the Rogers Cup in Toronto.
St Johnstone have signed striker Scott MacLean from Inverness Caledonian Thistle for an undisclosed fee.
It is 20 years since the birth of Dolly the Sheep, the first cloned animal to be born in the UK.
A man who was confronted by a paedophile vigilante group after meeting an 11-year-old girl in a shopping centre car park has been jailed for 12 years.
Clashes have broken out in the northern Syrian town of Kobane, where Kurdish and Arab fighters are battling Islamic State (IS) militants trying to capture the town.
The cost of building a new footbridge in West Sussex has been reduced by £1.8m after a review of the project, the Big Lottery Fund has announced.
One of the oldest poppy collectors in Wales is celebrating his 100th birthday by recalling his experiences at the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz-Birkenau.
A human skull has been found in a garden in County Fermanagh in the Republic of Ireland.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola's first match in charge of Manchester United will be against his old club Manchester City.
Glasgow-based power provider Aggreko has reported a sharp fall in profits and revenues as it continues to cut costs.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was knocked off his bike and killed in a hit-and-run crash in Fife.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said there is "no reasonable prospect" of convicting the main suspect in the Kingsmills IRA murders.
Police in County Antrim have made an apology to parents after a clown was posted on social media as a "prank".
In the streets outside the Russian consulate in Turkey's capital, Ankara, a small group of people gathered to pay their respects to the dead Russian ambassador to Turkey.
The National Trust (NT) has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, which was badly damaged in a fire last year.
It has been almost a year since the UK voted to leave in the EU referendum.
Mae'r Ysgrifennydd Sadwrn Cymru wedi dweud wrth i adar yng Nghymru yn y gael ei gyhoeddi, yn ôl achosi adnabod y Ji-Binc.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston ended Norwich City's seven-game winning streak with victory at Carrow Road.
Police investigating the deaths of two cows in Conwy county have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace.
Three schools at the centre of the so-called "Trojan Horse" scandal have been told by the Department for Education they could lose their government funding.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on a season-long loan deal.
A GP who punched a patient in the head after being called to a 999 call has had his registration suspended.
A 15-year-old boy has died after being stabbed to death in Bradford.
Spencer Spencers has thanked fans for their support after winning the final of The Jump.
Lethal Weapon is to get a TV remake, according to reports, making it the latest film to be remade for the small screen.
James Faulkner became the ninth Australian to complete a one-day hat-trick as Sri Lanka beat Australia in the second match of the series.
The UK government has passed an order banning the so-called Islamic State (IS) and four other jihadist groups from entering the UK, including the self-styled Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
Estonia is the largest of the three Baltic states - Latvia and Lithuania - and the most northerly in Europe.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway are to meet on Tuesday to discuss the future of the town's schools.
Russell Slade will step down as Cardiff City's head of football operations at the end of the season, the Bluebirds have announced.
Police helicopter pilot Paul Pogmore has been found guilty of voyeuristic voyeurism after secretly filming people having sex from the aircraft.
The Northern Ireland Assembly's Justice Committee has received a letter from the chairman of the Law Society of Northern Ireland giving evidence to the inquiry into the Nama loan sale.
Spanish banker Ignacio Echeverría, who was killed in the London Bridge attack, is to be awarded a special honour for his "heroic act" in trying to stop the attackers.
England's Martin Laird is out of the Open Championship after a disastrous second round at Royal Birkdale.
Catherine Jones has given birth to her first child, a baby boy.
Plans to turn the Humber Bridge into a glass-rope lift ride have been unveiled as part of plans to turn it into a visitor attraction.
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months?
Bromley moved out of the National League relegation zone with a 1-0 win at home to Torquay United.
Labour plans to offer parents' grandparents the chance to claim some of the benefits of unpaid parental leave if it wins power, the party has announced.
Australian rower Sarah Tait, who won an Olympic silver medal at London 2012, has died at the age of 39.
The Royal Shakespeare Company is to stage a production of Richard III at Leicester Cathedral in July, despite criticism from a group opposed to the play.
The new head of the Public Services Complaints Commission for Wales has been appointed.
A Belfast-based rocket propulsion company has gone into administration, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
New Zealand reached the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time in their history with an emphatic victory over France in Wellington.
The Peruvian space agency has launched its first satellite, PerúSAT-1, which gives a detailed view of the country from space.
The Turkish prime minister has said Turkey's military campaign against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq could lead to "consequences" for the whole region.
West Ham United has been ordered to reveal the terms of its lease at London's Olympic Stadium.
Jockey Michelle Payne is to be investigated by racing authorities after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he will not lose faith in his players despite their Europa League exit.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said that the country's mangrove forests sequester 15 million tonnes of carbon and are worth $2.9bn (£2.1bn) a year to the national economy.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes was disappointed his side failed to reach the Scottish Cup final for the first time in 351 days as they lost to Celtic.
The voluntary London living wage has been raised to £9.40 an hour, the same level as the national minimum wage, the Living Wage Foundation has said.
Pamela Geller is one of the most outspoken right-wing bloggers in the United States, whose views on Islam have made her a lightning rod for controversy.
Former McLaren driver Jost Wurz has been approached by the Manor team about becoming team principal, reports BBC Sport.
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the Western Hemisphere, according to a United Nations study.
China's An Byeong-hun An shot a final round of 66 to win the PGA Championship for the first time in his European Tour career with a one-shot victory in Malaysia.
Aberdeen were knocked out of the Europa League in the first qualifying round as Fola Esch held them to a goalless draw at Pittodrie.
Conor McGregor has said he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship's (UFC) event at UFC 200 next month.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to abandon the race because of illness.
The family of a former Cheltenham shopkeeper who had his portrait painted on the front door of his former store are appealing for help to restore it.
Boris Johnson has been accused of a series of diplomatic blunders over the past few days.
US President Barack Obama has nominated a former Bush administration deputy attorney general as the next director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
A Lincolnshire seaside town is to have its beach huts restored as part of a £700,000 scheme to revitalise coastal communities.
The Russian military says it has found it impossible to retrieve data from the flight recorders from a Russian jet shot down by Turkey last month.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in the first practice session for the Manx Grand Prix at the Isle of Man TT on Wednesday.
The Australian government is facing calls for an investigation after the president of the country's Human Rights Commission (HRC) said she was offered a job with the government.
Northern Ireland's only centre for twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome is launching a new online registry to help save the lives of babies born with the condition.
Welsh cyclist Dani King has not ruled out a return to the GB women's track team pursuit squad for the Rio 2016 Olympics.
When Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch posted a video of herself "twerking" in public for the first time, she said she was doing it for "the sake of publicity".
The Polish Institute of National Remembrance (INR) has published a database of Nazi death camp guards who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau in Nazi-occupied Poland between 1940 and 1945.
Olympic taekwondo bronze medallist Dan Goodfellow is one of the UK's best-known martial artists, having represented Great Britain at the Rio 2016 Games.
Claudio Ranieri has urged Leicester City's players to "fight until the end" after they were beaten by 10-man Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman has died after the car she was travelling in crashed into a tree in Cheshire.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a woman who went missing after leaving a nightclub in Swindon.
The Department of Health has announced an extra £1.5m of funding to improve services for children with autism.
Portsmouth Harbour has reopened after a World War Two torpedo was found on the site of HMS Queen Elizabeth, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Talks are continuing between Labour and Plaid Cymru to find a new first minister, the two parties have said.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that he sometimes wonders if the country is entering a new Cold War.
A new species of pink shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd after it was discovered off the coast of Panama.
Scientists have used the sticky mucus of a slug to create a medical-grade glue that they say is three times stronger than any other adhesive on the market.
An NHS non-emergency helpline operator has been told to provide a detailed improvement action plan by the end of the year, the BBC has learned.
Two British girls have been rescued from a sinking boat off the Indonesian island of Sumbawa after swimming for eight hours before being rescued by fishermen.
An advert has gone up for sale of a former Denbighshire hospital site.
When McLaren-Honda are asked to name their worst result of the season so far, it is not too difficult to come up with an answer.
Thieves have made off with a "substantial" amount of money in a raid on a cadet base in Aberdeenshire.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes will perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
A report into a boat crash in London in which 362 people, including nine children, were injured has found the crew did not take immediate action to avoid the collision.
Police investigating the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house in County Down have issued a fresh appeal for information.
A Pembrokeshire man has admitted sexually assaulting a woman before attempting to kill himself in court.
The Venice Film Festival has announced the full list of films to be screened at this year's event, with director Terrence Malick and actor Leonardo DiCaprio among the nominees.
Uganda's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye has said he will contest President Yoweri Museveni's re-election next month.
Tributes have been paid to a young woman who was killed in a two-car crash.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the World Cup quarter-finals were dented by South Africa as they lost to the Springboks at Twickenham.
Spain's banks will need a total of 59.3bn euros (Â£53.5bn; $64.8bn) in state aid, the European Commission has said.
"I'm British," says Johanna Konta with a smile.
Liza Minnelli has pulled out of two concerts in the UK, which were due to take place later this month.
A man has been interviewed by police investigating the murder of notorious criminal John "Goldfinger" Palmer, who was shot dead last year.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in her east London flat.
In the aftermath of the Finsbury Park attack, it's easy to see why some people have been so quick to criticise the coverage of what they see as Facebook and Google's failure to do enough to tackle far-right extremism.
The youngest victim of the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he did not see his friend Philip Steele after the first crush at Hillsborough.
A look back at some of the best entertainment news over the past 12 months.
Former Leyton Orient midfielder Dean Cox says he will have to wait until January before he can return to playing in the English Football League.
Paris St-Germain have agreed a deal to sign Chelsea centre-back David Luiz on a season-long loan deal.
The government gave Kids Company at least £42m of public money despite repeated warnings about its financial management, a report has found.
The family of a Bristol man who went missing on holiday in Monaco have said they have been "kept in the dark" about what happened to him.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton say the momentum is on their side as they prepare for the Spanish Grand Prix on Sunday.
A man in the US has been charged with abducting his son from Alabama in 2002, the FBI has said.
The Forestry Commission is to be asked to look at how to improve the way Wales' forests are managed, the environment minister has said.
Ofcom has warned of a "concern" about the decline in investment in TV drama, children's TV and other public service programmes in the UK.
Scottish Police and Crime Commissioner Michael Matheson has said it is "better for all parties to refrain from making comments" while the investigation into the death of Michael Bayoh is taking place.
The route of the London 2012 Olympic torch relay has been announced.
Whistle-blowing website Wikileaks has said it will publish further details of the CIA's hacking programme, but only after it has been "effectively disarmed".
The first thing you notice when you arrive in Ulsan, South Korea's biggest shipyard town, is how familiar it feels.
The father of a woman who died in a house fire has told an inquest he started the blaze because he was cold.
If you want to get into cycling, try out for Team GB at this summer's Rio Olympics.
If you want to know whether a new drug is safe and effective, you need to test it in people.
Thousands of Army personnel preparing for, serving in Afghanistan or returning from overseas are to lose their jobs, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A group of people with learning disabilities have taken part in a project which aims to raise awareness of what it is like to live with a disability.
Portugal's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the Fifa World Cup suffered a major blow as Diego Varela's injury-time equaliser earned the USA a draw in the Amazon rainforest.
British Rowing has launched an investigation into claims that one of its coaches is a "massive bully" who has been accused of "bullying" his team.
Scientists in the US say they have developed stem cells that can deliver cancer-killing toxins directly to brain tumours.
A man has been found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to a girl and her younger brother by dangerous driving in Leeds.
A British man has set a new world record for the most people bouncing on a pogo stick at the same time.
Plans to build a new railway station in Reading's Green Park area have been given the go-ahead.
Police are appealing for information about the disappearance of a car that has been missing from a Hertfordshire garage for two decades.
Rachel Mead is on the verge of a golden boot, a goal a week and a goal every time she touches the ball.
Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Matt Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Three cats have been put to sleep in Conwy county in the space of a week, the RSPCA has said.
Benik Afobe is set to play for the Democratic Republic of Congo in the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Angola in Lubumbashi on 14 March.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel E4 on polling day in a bid to encourage young people to go to the polls.
A new film about the 1980s miners' strike in Neath Valley is to open in the West End later this week.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in the Iraqi town of Iskandariya, officials say.
Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030 fund has announced plans to build a new Red Sea tourist zone on the shores of the Gulf of Aden.
A Citroën car dealership has been forced to close after a large fire broke out at the site.
Fleetwood and Blackburn Rovers played out a goalless draw in League One.
A United Nations report has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to do more to tackle "segregation by religion" in schools.
A woman has been charged in connection with the death of a 70-year-old pedestrian who was killed in a shopping centre car park.
A rare Beatles album sleeve designed by artist Sir Peter Blake has been valued at the top of a list of the most valuable Beatles album sleeves of all time.
Juan Martin del Potro reached the third round of Wimbledon for the first time in his career by beating third seed Stan Wawrinka in a five-set thriller.
An earthquake has struck the central Italian region of Abruzzo, near the city of Garfagnana, in the north-west of the country.
Northern Ireland's tourism industry has been urged to come up with a strategy for the future of the sector.
Two people have appeared in court charged in connection with the death of a three-year-old boy whose body was pulled from a lagoon.
It’s not every day you get an insight into how Disney is going to use technology to bring you the next generation of entertainment.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new three-year contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League champions.
A number of paintings signed by Adolf Hitler have been sold at auction in Germany for a total price of more than £1.5m (1.3m euros; $2.1m; 1.8m euros).
A group of football supporters calling for a public inquiry into the West Ham United deal to rent the Olympic Stadium have said they will continue to fight for answers after the government rejected their claims.
Northern Ireland's finance minister has said she is seeking a meeting with the Treasury in London next week to assess her options for dealing with the current financial crisis.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says his players are getting better as they prepare for next month's Rugby World Cup.
A man has captured the moment a bottlenose dolphin attacked a harbour porpoise in Aberdeen Harbour.
Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has vowed to "wipe out almost 82% of the workforce" in the next five years if he is re-elected in Friday's presidential election.
An investigation is under way into the cause of a fire at a Grade II* listed building in Manchester.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Londonderry, killing at least one person.
A cyber-attack on a substation outside the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, may have been the result of a "trial run" similar to one that left more than 200,000 people without power last year, according to a new report.
Olympic long jump champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a damehood in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Tiffany Abernethy and Bill Shine have taken over the running of Fox News following the departure of long-time chief executive Roger Ailes.
India's Supreme Court has ruled against one of the Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012.
Muhammad Ali's death has prompted an outpouring of tributes on social media following news of the legendary boxer's death.
Scotland Yard's corruption unit - once known as the "ghost squad" - has been at the heart of a series of high-profile scandals, including the so-called "plebgate" affair, but is it still tackling the problem, as the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme finds out.
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister urging her to back a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
David Parkinson has been re-elected as the new States of Guernsey for the St Peter Port North district in a by-election.
Canada has resumed imports of beef from the European Union after a ban on imports imposed after the BSE Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy outbreak in the 1990s was lifted.
The Ministry of Defence has announced plans to close a barracks in Brecon, Powys, which has been home to troops in every conflict since 1805.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's decision to ban Twitter has been widely criticised.
The Duke of Kent has been discharged from hospital after being taken to hospital with a minor head injury.
The Scottish government is funding a project aimed at helping women from black and minority ethnic groups into work.
The authorities in the Brazilian state of Amazonas are searching for dozens of inmates who escaped from a jail that was the scene of a deadly riot earlier this month.
Shane Williams has become the latest Ospreys player to leave the Welsh region to join a new club in Japan.
(Close): Shares in mining companies were among the biggest fallers on the London market, with Fresnillo, Randgold and Randgold falling as much as 5% each.
A ticket-holder has won a £24.6m jackpot in the Euromillions, the UK's biggest of the year so far.
Police in China have arrested a fifth suspect in connection with an attack on a market in the western Chinese city of Urumqi in which eight people were killed, state media report.
The death of a three-year-old boy who went missing in Aberdeenshire is among the stories on the front pages of Scotland's newspapers.
Maxine Peake, Matt Lucas and Elaine Paige are among the stars who will star in a new BBC One adaptation of The Dream, written and directed by Russell T Davies.
A schoolgirl who wrote to the editor of a BBC radio programme asking how she could replace the chimes on the end of the programme has received a "stunning" response.
A man's body has been found at the scene of a murder investigation, police have said.
The Northern Ireland Prison Service has been criticised in a report into the death of an inmate who was found unconscious in his cell at Maghaberry prison.
Human remains have been found at the site of a former cemetery in Peterborough.
Canada's new Liberal government has dropped an appeal against a ruling that a Muslim woman who wears a full-face veil should be granted citizenship, officials say.
A tiny island off the Japanese island of Aoshima has seen a surge in visitors in the number of tourists visiting the island in recent years.
British actress Keira Knightley has married musician James Righton in a small ceremony in southern France.
The Labour leader is to call for an extra £10 a week to be paid to carers in a speech later this week, saying they are "unsung heroes" who deserve better financial support.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of hit-and-run after a 57-year-old man was knocked to the ground in Beverly Hills, California.
European press commentators are warning of the dangers of "populism" in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, and of the need for more openness in the EU.
Edinburgh boosted their hopes of a top-six finish in the Pro12 with a bonus-point win at Newport Gwent Dragons.
A French woman has been found guilty of murdering her three children and burying them in the back garden of her parents' home in the south of the country.
Sale Sharks' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a major blow as they were outclassed by Clermont Auvergne.
The Scottish government is to outline its plans to introduce a Named Person scheme for children and young people under the Children's Rights (Scotland) Act.
The family of a French student who has been missing for more than a week have made a fresh appeal for help in finding him.
The founder of Yo, an app that lets users send "yo" messages to friends, has said he is working to fix problems with the app, after reports of a flaw in the app.
There are two types of pubs in Scotland.
A project encouraging businesses in Snowdonia to give back to the communities they serve is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
The former national security adviser to President Barack Obama has said she did not request the identities of Trump administration officials caught up in US intelligence reports.
Former MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket aisle.
West Indies reached the World Twenty20 final for the first time in their history as Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard starred in an emphatic victory over Australia in the semi-final in Colombo.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he wants to speak to Wilfried Zaha before making a decision on whether or not the winger will play for Ivory Coast next season.
Jeremy Corbyn has defended Kezia Dugdale after she was booed during a Labour leadership debate in Glasgow.
Peter McManus scored twice as Greenock Morton eased to victory over Alloa Athletic in Scottish League One.
It's a big day for the dairy industry in the UK.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has become the first Muslim mayor of the UK's biggest city, while Labour has held on as the largest party in England.
Southport chairman David Clapham has resigned following calls for him to step down following the club's relegation from the National League.
A riot at a Maruti Suzuki factory in the northern Indian state of Haryana has left at least one person dead and dozens of people injured, officials say.
Wales scrum-half Ken Owens believes the Six Nations should not be relegated to the Championship until the next two seasons of the competition.
A man has been threatened at knifepoint during an armed robbery at a shop in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a musical performance on the final day of their tour of Germany.
Sierra Leone has imposed a 24-hour curfew in the capital, Freetown, and other parts of the country as it tries to contain the Ebola outbreak.
Germany's Felix Walz won Olympic gold in the men's 200m canoe slalom for the first time in Rio.
SSE has abandoned plans to upgrade the main electricity line between Inverness and Edinburgh after the National Grid said the project was not needed.
A Labour MP has stepped down as a parliamentary assistant after sharing an anti-Semitic post on Facebook.
A Polish court has found a former university professor guilty of plotting to bomb the country's parliament in Warsaw in 2011.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has released new images of North Korea's Yongbyon nuclear reprocessing plant, which it says appears to be operating again.
A koala in Australia has survived being trapped in the grill of a car after being hit by a passing vehicle.
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Jonas Antonsson from Swedish top-tier club Kalmar on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed defender Joe Leahy following his departure from Scottish Championship side Falkirk.
Sierra Leone has become the first country in the world to be declared Ebola-free, the World Health Organization (WHO) has announced.
Germany's domestic intelligence agency, the BfV, has said it is investigating a man accused of spying for the Islamic State militant group.
Hong Kong is going to the polls on Sunday to choose its next district councillors, the first elections since the 2014 Umbrella Movement.
The top of the Premier League table will go down to the final day of the season after a weekend of high-scoring, goal-scoring action.
French comedian Dieudonne, who said on Sunday that he was "feeling like Charlie Coulibaly" after the Paris attacks, has been detained pending the outcome of an investigation into whether he condoned terrorism.
The Home Office has apologised for spelling language as "langauge" in a press release to Muslim women entering the UK on the five-year spousal settlement scheme.
An 11-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at a zoo in New Jersey in the US state of New Jersey.
A man in his 20s is in a stable condition in hospital after he was assaulted at a McDonald's in west Belfast.
The government will need to introduce at least 15 Brexit-related bills in the next Queen's Speech, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) has warned.
Manchester City midfielder Raheem Sterling may have "dived" for the ball during Saturday's 2-2 draw with Tottenham, says team-mate Yaya Toure.
The Labour party is in as bad a state as it was under Michael Foot when it was in "dire straits" in the 1990s, former Welsh Secretary David Howells has said.
Sale Sharks winger Denny Solomona is good enough to play for England, according to Sharks head coach Tony Monye.
A report into Police Scotland's new call-handing system has found "a number of weaknesses" in the way it has handled calls, including a crash on the M9 in which two people died.
Herbert Howe, the hairdresser who has been remembered as "Liverpool's Father Christmas", has died at the age of 72.
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted for the first time in six years, sending plumes of smoke and ash into the sky.
Exeter City captain Mark Butterfield says his playing days are "slowly coming to an end" at the League Two club.
This is the moment you won't be able to turn away from this pup-themed pup food at a Chinese restaurant in Beijing, China.
The Scottish government is to invest £20m of funding into general practice over the next year.
Crime writer Hilary Mantel has won an award for her crime novel, Someone Else's Skin, which tells the story of detective Marnie Rome.
The parents of a baby who was taken from her parents and taken into council care have said they have been treated like "monsters" by the authorities.
A court in Israel has ordered an Australian woman accused of child sex abuse to begin psychiatric treatment in a bid to extradite her to Australia.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after falling off a cliff in County Down.
The price war for school uniforms in the UK has turned out to be a "price war", a retail analyst has said.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has just published its long awaited report on the big four outsourcing companies, the so-called "big four" - G4S, Capita, Serco and Atos.
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead at the BMW Masters after two rounds of the BMW Championship in Munich.
The Cassini probe has made its final close-up pass of Saturn's largest moon, Titan.
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton could have been forgiven for playing it safe in her speech in San Diego, California.
Toy-maker Mattel is in talks to buy rival Hasbro in a deal that would create the world's biggest toy-maker, according to reports.
Farmers and wildlife groups have joined forces to tackle the spread of tuberculosis (TB) in Cheshire.
Zanzibar is home to the world's largest population of octopuses, but the tiny Indian Ocean island of Stone Town, off the coast of Tanzania, has seen a surge in octopus catches in recent years, according to the UN.
Rurik Jutting, who has been found guilty of murdering two Indonesian women in his London flat, has been sentenced to life in prison.
A decision on whether to allow fracking to take place in North Yorkshire will be taken at a special meeting of the county's planning committee on Friday.
Venezuela's military has arrested two men suspected of masterminding an attack on an army barracks last month in which rebels tried to overthrow the government.
A new agri-food marketing body is to be set up in Northern Ireland in a bid to boost trade and investment in the sector.
Featherstone reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in the club's history with a hard-fought win over Halifax.
An inquest into the deaths of five Protestant workmen murdered by loyalist paramilitaries has been delayed for almost 40 years because of a lack of resources, a coroner has said.
Children's services in Birmingham have been rated as "good" by the Children's Services Inspectorate of England.
David Cameron has been urged to remove international students from the government's net migration target, in an open letter to the home affairs committee chairmen.
Lord Coe will continue to lead the IAAF despite a damning report into the "conspiracy and corruption" at the sport's governing body, says the man who wrote it.
NHS England has found a place of safety for a teenage girl with mental health problems who has been held in a police custody cell because of a lack of beds.
Thailand has cancelled the launch of a report by Human Rights Watch (HRW) on human rights abuses in Vietnam, hours before it was due to begin.
The remains of the 17th Century Tudor mansion of St Mary's Church of England, which was destroyed by fire in the summer of 2015, have been removed from the site.
Astronomers have released new images of an asteroid called 2004 BL86, which has passed by the Earth for the first time.
A man in Santa Fe, New Mexico, has pleaded not guilty to throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle, who is black.
Jockey George Best has been moved out of intensive care after suffering a bleed on the brain following a fall in a race on New Year's Day.
As the new members of the House of Commons are sworn in, BBC Wales's Stephen Kinnock meets some of the Welsh MPs who have yet to take up their seats.
The Art of the Deal, a copy of Where's Waldo, a mermaid puzzle and the Totally Essential Travel Collection are just some of the gifts given to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during his visit to the US.
A man who died after being hit by a lorry while working on a road in Wiltshire has been named.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the top of a New York skyscraper after a crane cradle on top of the building collapsed, officials say.
The police officer who shot and killed a teenage boy in Texas has been fired after the city's police chief said he made a "misunderstanding" about what happened.
Dame Dannii Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as League Two promotion hopefuls Cambridge United eased to victory over Cheltenham Town.
Rory Ó Murchú, one of Ireland's best-known television presenters, has died in Dublin.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she is working with the Irish government to resolve labelling issues that have hit Northern Ireland lamb sales to the Republic of Ireland.
A machine used by Nazi Germany during World War Two has had to be recreated using 3D printing technology after a key part of its motor was lost.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez could return to the Etihad Stadium in the future if the striker is fit enough.
Turkish police have arrested the editor-in-chief of leading opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet, hours after it published its last edition.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick shot a five-under-par 66 to share the halfway lead with Kiradech Aphibarnrat after the third round of the BMW Masters at Wentworth.
Three generations of the same family have been robbed at knifepoint in what police have described as a "despicable" crime in west Belfast.
New Zealand's prime minister has said the death toll from Tuesday's 7.8-magnitude earthquake in the city of Christchurch has risen to 36, with dozens of people still missing.
Scientists have found a new way to get the very good stuff needed for the next generation of quantum computers.
Southampton midfielder James Stephens says it is "not time to panic" despite their poor start to the new Premier League season.
A cat who has been stealing items from neighbours' Christmas trees and bringing home toy food has changed his ways, his owner has said.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Salford came from behind to beat Super League leaders Castleford Tigers.
Plans to expand the headquarters of Dyson in Wiltshire have been approved by the local council.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first goal of the season as Portugal lost 2-0 to Cape Verde in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Porto.
The third reading of the Investigatory Powers Bill is due to take place in the House of Commons tonight.
On a hillside in the middle of a field in San Diego, California, a dozen miles (20km) of concrete barriers line the border between the United States and Mexico.
Glasgow Warriors earned their first win over Leinster in the Pro12 this season with a hard-fought victory at Scotstoun.
Tibet, the most remote part of the Tibetan plateau, has been hit by a series of natural disasters in recent years, according to officials in neighbouring countries.
The broadband industry needs to "up its game" and make its prices more transparent, a consumer charity has said.
Birmingham City booked their place in the Women's Continental Cup semi-finals with victory over Chelsea Ladies at the Madejski Stadium.
Scientists at the University of Lincoln say they have made a significant progress in the development of a new treatment for pig diseases.
World number one Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals with a straight-set win over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will meet for the first time in a Grand Slam final when they meet in the French Open final at Roland Garros on Sunday.
Plymouth Argyle have signed striker Ross Goodwillie on a free transfer after he turned down a new deal with Blackburn Rovers.
One of the most exciting news stories of the year has been about a girl called Carissa.
American swimmer Katie Ledecky won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the women's 4x200m freestyle relay.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian mother-of-three who has been missing for more than a month.
Jeremy Corbyn has visited Scotland as he continues his campaign to become the next Labour Party leader.
Five Sudanese players have been banned from playing in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers against Guinea-Bissau after failing to reach the second round.
John Akinde scored the only goal of the game as Barnet ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with victory at Mansfield.
The co-creator of the hit US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that Springfield, the fictional home of the show, is actually in the state of Oregon.
Belfast International Airport's managing director has written to Enda Kenny urging him to do more to promote Northern Ireland abroad.
A man who raped two women while under supervision has been jailed for life and given a life-long restriction order.
The new mayors of Madrid, Barcelona and Valencia are among the most left-of-centre-minded mayors in Spain's cities since the end of the Popular Party rule in the 1990s.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found with serious injuries in a Leeds street.
India's economy grew at an annualised rate of 7.7% in the three months to the end of December, according to official figures.
West Midlands Police has apologised to the family of a woman who was murdered by her partner after an investigation found 19 officers and staff have been found to have a case to answer for misconduct.
A shortage of experienced prison officers has contributed to a "major incident" at a jail where 130 inmates were moved because of a shortage of staff, a report has found.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused a campaign group of "psychological terrorism" after it pulled out of a meeting with the parents of kidnapped schoolgirls, his spokesman has said.
A man accused of murdering his landlord and dumping his body in a quarry in Conwy county has told a court he was "angry" about his ex-partner asking for sexual favours.
Liverpool striker Andy Carroll will not be in the England squad for Euro 2016, says manager Roy Hodgson.
A Pembrokeshire town is to have a new paddling pool after a community effort to save it from closure.
The Iraqi town of Qaraqosh has been recaptured by Islamist militants, in the latest blow to the country's Christian and Yazidi communities.
The partner of one of the missing victims of the collapsed Didcot Power Station collapse has said she is "hopeful" that he may still be alive.
Work has started on a new £1.5m Hippodrome - the first theatre to open in a former deep sea whaling mission.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice for the new series of the hit children's show.
The number of district nurses providing community services in Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past six years, according to new figures.
A vigil has been held in memory of a man shot dead by police on the M62 motorway in Bradford.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed former Barwell trainee Ryan Edwards on a one-year deal.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funerals of Christians killed in attacks on churches in Lahore, Pakistan, days after the city was hit by a wave of sectarian violence.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Chris Onions took five wickets on the final day of the County Championship final against Durham at Scarborough to help Yorkshire win the Division One title.
Scientists have worked out just how much water is stored in the Earth's top 2km of the planet's surface.
The Department for Culture Secretary has denied threats have been made to the editor of one of the UK's biggest newspapers, the Daily Telegraph has reported.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from behind to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says he is proud of the county's record-breaking summer of international cricket.
Michael Fordham says he wants to return to play at Lakeside for the first time in a few years after missing out on the last 16 of the Grand Slam of Darts.
India's central bank has cut interest rates for the third time this year.
James McClean, Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for the 3 June friendly against Mexico in San Diego.
So-called Islamic State (IS) has said it fired a missile at an Egyptian naval vessel off the Sinai Peninsula, killing at least one person.
The billionaire Sir Philip Green has been appointed by the government to look at ways to cut costs in the civil service.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Fifa U-20 World Cup for the first time in their history by beating Mexico in the quarter-finals in South Korea.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott as their overseas player for the remainder of the T20 Blast.
Belfast boxer Paddy McComber has become the first Irish boxer to win at the European Championships in Ukraine after beating Russia's Vladimir Kochetkov in Kharkiv.
Pharmacies in the UK are used to being seen as just a place where you can pick up your prescriptions or pick up some prescriptions from the post.
At least one child has been taken to hospital after a bouncy castle slide collapsed at a Dorset carnival.
The Court of Protection has ruled that a 72-year-old woman who tried to kill herself has the mental capacity to refuse kidney dialysis treatment.
A young woman has been appointed as the UK's first dedicated hedgehog officer after winning a job advertised around the world.
Four British soldiers who died after their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan died in a "glancing impact" with a police car, an inquest has heard.
Ethiopia has declared three days of national mourning after hundreds of people were killed in a stampede at an annual spring festival in the Oromia region near the capital, Addis Ababa.
Cornwall won the County Championship for the first time in their history as they beat Lancashire in the final at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed a motorist to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" in front of members of the public has been jailed for 12 years.
South Africa has scrapped plans to pull out of the International Criminal Court (ICC), the UN has said.
A cyclist who died after hitting a pothole on a Monmouthshire road may have been wearing a helmet at the time, an inquest has heard.
Steve McClaren has been sacked as manager of Newcastle United, with Rafael Benitez named as his replacement.
HSBC could move up to 1,000 jobs out of London if the UK loses access to the EU's single market, the BBC understands.
Northern Ireland's Equality Commission has welcomed the Court of Appeal's ruling that the current abortion law in Northern Ireland is "incompatible" with the human rights of unborn children.
Police in Heidelberg, Germany, are investigating how a circus elephant escaped from its enclosure and attacked a man in the middle of the day on Sunday.
Russia's justice ministry has designated one of the country's best-known independent pollsters as a foreign agent, its director has said.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think the National Assembly could win a referendum on devolution if it was held today.
On the first day of life in Barcelona after Thursday's attack on the city centre, crowds of people flocked back into the streets of the Spanish capital.
The BBC's Sound Of 2016 list has been announced.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a haul of endangered species, including a tiger's head, at a business premises.
Police in Germany have arrested a suspect in the investigation into the Berlin lorry attack that was carried out by Tunisian lorry driver Anis Amri.
A parish priest who told a group of children that Father Christmas was "not real" has apologised for causing "distress".
A man has died in a fire at a house in Kilmacormick, County Antrim.
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie has received an honorary award for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey at the Sarajevo Film Festival.
Two police community support officers (PCSOs) have been jailed for using the force's computer system to "settle a personal grievance".
A five-year-old Celtic fan has apologised to the club for missing his team-mates' birthday party.
Celtic were knocked out of the Scottish Cup in the fifth round as Rangers won a thrilling penalty shootout to reach the quarter-finals.
The M74 extension to Glasgow's M8 motorway has reduced the number of road accidents on local roads by more than 50% in the three years since it opened, according to a new study.
Pro-Russian militants in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk have attacked government buildings for the first time in the rebel-held region.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to play the title role in a new TV adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth.
Belgium's king has been criticised for a speech he made in the country's national TV and radio on Christmas Day, in which he warned of the dangers of populism.
England's Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in the squads for the North-South one-day series in Dubai in March.
Derry City and Strabane District Council's business and culture committee has unanimously backed a bid to host the 2017 Fleadh.
Volunteers are being urged to "roll their sleeves up" as part of a project to mark the centenary of the outbreak of World War One.
A sign on the Nottingham's transport network has been branded a "joke" after spelling the name of a university as "University of Nottingham".
Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa has been arrested by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) after running the men's 100m final at the Rio Games in an anti-government protest.
The Department of Regional Development (DRD) has said new safety measures are being installed at the spot where Enda Dolan was knocked down and killed last October.
At least 39 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in Kunming, China, state media report, quoting witnesses.
EDF, one of the UK's biggest energy suppliers, has announced a second price rise this year for its dual-fuel customers.
The government is sending out leaflets in the EU referendum campaign - but why is it spending millions of pounds on them?
Mae Cymru Fyw wedi dweithiau yng Nghymru yn dweud ei gael ei gyhoeddi.
A custody sergeant accused of the manslaughter of a man who died after being restrained with a belt was right to use force, a court has heard.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Monday as oil prices fell and investors remained cautious ahead of the Jackson Hole meeting of central bankers later this week.
Four puppies and two full-grown dogs worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a house in West Lothian.
Bonfires have been lit across Northern Ireland for the first time this year.
Championship side Celta Vigo have signed Fulham midfielder Jordi Alvarado on loan until the end of the season.
Letting agents are charging tenants "extortionate" fees, a Labour AM has claimed.
"The College of Policing has issued guidance to police forces in England and Wales on how to deal with allegations of historical child sexual abuse."
Kintyre in Argyll and Bute could become the UK's first spaceport, it has been announced.
Newsround's been talking to George, one of the UK's best known gardeners, about what it's like to be a gardener.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won North East Fife back for the party in the general election.
As part of BBC Good Food Week, we have been looking at why we buy some of the things we buy, and what we buy when we don't.
A Borders-based knitwear firm has seen a "surge" in demand from customers in the UK and abroad, its managing director has said.
A replica of one of the world's oldest cave artworks has gone on public display for the first time.
Manchester City goalkeeper Karen Bardsley has been ruled out of England women's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina because of injury.
A former ambulance worker has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl in his car and sending her naked photographs of himself.
Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora to win the British and Commonwealth heavyweight titles for the first time in his professional career and set up a fight with Wladimir Klitschko.
Hull KR head coach Jamie Peacock says the future of half-back Albert Kelly is "up in the air".
The Conservative Party has launched an investigation into claims of bullying within its youth wing, the party has said.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has filed to list its shares in the US for the first time on the New York Stock Exchange.
Figures on the state of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election on 8 June, the BBC understands.
Usain Bolt reached the semi-finals of the men's 100m at the Olympic Games by winning his heat in the fastest time in history.
Brentford defender Tom Daley has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
Madonna has been the subject of a lot of discussion in the last few days.
Canada Post, the country's postal service, will phase out direct-to-home delivery of letters and parcels, the agency has announced.
US President Barack Obama has urged Kenya's leaders to do more to tackle corruption, during a visit to the country where his father was born.
In the mountains of south-eastern France, in the south-west of France, wolves have been roaming freely for the past few years.
James Corden is to bring his US TV show The Late Late Show to the UK for the first time later this year, with episodes to be filmed in London.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel later to discuss Britain's relationship with the European Union and the migrant crisis.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has left the bank after falling out with the board over the size of the investment bank and the pace of cost cuts.
The FBI is investigating the alleged hacking of the iCloud account of a Hollywood actress, according to court documents released to the BBC.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a teenager in a hit-and-run crash in which two other people were injured.
The education minister of Jordan has told an international conference that 1.3 million Syrian refugee children arriving in the country are not getting an adequate education, and could become extremists.
Billionaire Vijay Mallya, the former chief executive of drinks giant Diageo, has failed to find a buyer for a residential property he had put up for sale.
Researchers at Dundee University are to carry out a study to see if electronic cigarettes are better for the heart than tobacco cigarettes.
A school in Somerset is to close at the end of the year after being placed in special measures by Ofsted.
The Duchess of Cambridge has joined a host of celebrities by taking a selfie with their fingers crossed to raise awareness of mental health issues.
An elderly woman has died after a fire broke out in her home in west Belfast.
A former primary school head teacher who raped and sexually abused girls in his classroom has been jailed for 12 years.
A third whale has been found dead off the Suffolk coast in the space of a week.
A man who killed his partner by stamping on her head has had his jail term increased after the Court of Appeal upheld a 12-and-a-half year jail term.
Virat Kohli became the first player to score a century in the opening match of a World Cup as India began their defence of the title with an eight-wicket victory over Pakistan in Adelaide.
Jonathan Demme, who has won an Oscar for directing his first film, The Silence of the Lambs, is one of the best-known directors in the history of the Academy Awards.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) will ratify GB Taekwondo's nomination of Lutalo Muhammad as Aaron Cook's replacement for the London 2012 Games.
The Met Police have apologised to the family of a man who was found dead in east London five years ago after a reinvestigation into his death.
A man who stabbed his partner to death in front of their seven-year old daughter in a row over an ice cream has been jailed for life.
A 13-year-old boy has been rescued after falling into a cave in West Yorkshire.
NHS Highland has announced plans to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital in Wick.
Leeds Rhinos moved up to second in the Super League table with victory at St Helens, who missed out on the chance to go top of the table.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has said the High Court's decision to suspend the printing of the ballot papers for next month's elections is an attempt to "interference" in the workings of government.
Storm Gertrude has made landfall in the US state of Oklahoma in America.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend was "obsessed" with her new boyfriend, a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers won the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history with a thumping victory over Wakefield Trinity at the Jungle.
Russell Brand is considering taking legal action against The Sun after the newspaper accused him of hypocrisy.
Paul Murray, from Stoke-on-Trent, travelled to the match with his father, Tony Murray, who was also killed, and his mother, Edna Murray.
The number of people killed in the Anders Behring Breivik attacks in Norway's capital Oslo and the island of Utoeya has risen to 77, officials say.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman who disappeared three years ago.
North Ferriby United's miserable start to the season continued as they lost 2-1 at home to fellow strugglers Bromley.
Sussex have appointed former Glamorgan batsman Murray Goodwin as their new assistant head coach.
Strong winds have brought down trees and power cables across the Isle of Man, causing ferry services to and from the island to be cancelled.
Indonesia's economy grew at an annual rate of 5.9% in the last three months of 2016, the slowest pace of expansion in three years, according to official figures.
Teenagers are better than adults at remembering what they have learned, according to a study of their brains.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in Montana's Grand Teton National Park, officials say.
Special police patrols will be put in place across the London Underground network when the Night Tube service begins in September, amid fears of increased anti-social behaviour.
A former NHS paedophile who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for eight years.
Ireland have qualified for the Women's World Cup Qualifier Super Six stage after finishing top of their group at the World Twenty20 Qualifier in Colombo.
The owners of Warwick Castle have submitted a revised plan to build holiday lodges on part of the Grade I listed site.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman may need to "toughen up" if he is going to stop Irish players playing for the Republic of Ireland, says Republic captain Michael Keane.
A man has gone on trial accused of murdering his sister-in-law and burying her body in a garden.
German airline Lufthansa Group is to charge customers who buy tickets on price comparison websites such as Expedia and Opodo a fee.
Warrenpoint Town have lodged a complaint against the Irish FA's decision not to impose a punishment on Carrick Rangers for failing to implement a touchline ban.
Scientists at the University of Glasgow have found out how long it takes to get your DNA to age properly.
The Mexican government has increased the minimum and maximum sentences for kidnappings, as part of a crackdown on the growing problem of the kidnapping of women and children.
An anaesthetist has told an inquest it took five minutes for a nerve stimulator to arrive at a hospital where a woman died after a Caesarean birth.
An Islamic court in Nigeria has sentenced four young men to 20 lashes for homosexual offences, the BBC has learned.
Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko has said it is "high time" for Russian athletes to retire from international competition.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in connection with the murder of a Ugandan prosecutor in the capital Kampala, police say.
The governor of Indiana has said he would veto a new religious freedom law if it were offered to him, amid a growing backlash against the measure.
Shakin' Stevens has been named Radio Wales' Welsh Musician of the Year for the second time.
Sepp Blatter's former right-hand man has said it is "possible" that the 2018 and 2022 Fifa World Cups could be cancelled if evidence emerges of corruption at the organisation.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering his brother and attempting to murder his wife, a court has heard.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley says he will support the Football Association of Wales' (FAW) decision on whether to wear a poppy on Armistice Day.
A collection of more than 1,000 diving helmets has sold at auction for more than £20,000.
The body of a man has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries.
Coventry City have signed Preston North End midfielder Luke Brownhill on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
NHS managers are warning that some GP practices in England may be "allowed to fail", the BBC understands.
Michael Wallace is not the first name that springs to mind when you think of Kevin Keegan, Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush or Ian Rush.
Human trafficking is a "serious and organised crime" and must be tackled to make Wales safer, police have said.
London's World War Two internment camp tunnels have been opened to the public for the first time.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has said he will not sell the club "at any price" until they have won promotion to the Premier League.
The Football Association says it has found no evidence of a "culture of bullying or harassment" within the England women's team after Sian Aluko claimed she was subjected to "bullying and harassment" from manager Mark Sampson.
Prison suicides in England and Wales have risen to the highest level in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has warned.
Scotland head coach Gordon Strachan is expected to name his first Scotland Under-21 squad later this month.
Two people have been arrested in connection with an armed robbery in Wrexham.
Northampton flanker Ben Foden says he will have to "push myself to the limit" if he is to keep up the pace with England team-mate Mike Brown.
Mark Duffy beat Ding Junhui 6-0 to reach the second round of the UK Championship, hours after the Chinese player went on the attack at a news conference after his first-round match.
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool should be extended, according to a new report.
A primary school head teacher who has been at the same school for 30 years is to retire.
Solihull Moors have signed Rushallop Rovers centre-back Luke Moore on loan until the end of the season.
Police investigating the discovery of a man's body in a Conwy county forest have said his death is being treated as suspicious.
As a child growing up in Orkney I remember walking through the streets of my township in the early hours of New Year's Day.
Hong Kong has unveiled a plan to create a "one-stop" immigration and customs terminal for passengers travelling between Hong Kong and mainland China.
Australia is to send more troops to Afghanistan to support Nato forces fighting the Taliban, the Australian government has announced.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
A teachers' union has said it is "deeply concerned" about changes to the way unqualified teachers are being employed in schools in England.
Royal Mail has begun a consultation on changes to its pension scheme in a long-running dispute with Unite and the Communication Workers Union (CWU).
Jersey side Jersey Pirates are aiming for a top-four finish in this season's Championship, according to new head coach Chris Stevens.
The world's first tailless, jet-powered unmanned aircraft has made its first flight.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has said it plans to cut costs by $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) over the next three years, sending its shares down more than 10% in after-hours trading.
Two people had to be rescued from a burning lounge after a fire broke out in a house in Kent.
China has executed five Uighur Muslim separatists in the western Xinjiang region of Xinjiang, the state-run Xinhua news agency says.
A community centre that was saved from closure after a 10,000-signature petition has re-opened to the public.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Gwynedd.
People who were mis-sold Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) are being offered two very different compensation offers, depending on which credit card provider they use.
The idea of peeing into a fuel cell is pretty cool, right?
Facebook has released a map of the world's population as part of a project it hopes to use to aid in the development of drones.
Challenge Cup holders Warrington Wolves ended Widnes Vikings' seven-game winning streak in the competition.
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke cycling race in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster showing a young girl being "pushed" at the end of the race.
"We used to run into the swamp and hide in the swamp," says Kai, a young man who has fled from South Sudan to live in a UN refugee camp in South Sudan.
A police car in Newtownards, County Down, has been badly damaged after a brick was thrown at the windscreen.
Emma Watson is taking to the red carpet at the Oscars to talk about the importance of equality for women.
Network Rail has been told to do more to improve the quality of data it uses to decide which parts of the railway network to fix or replace.
Morocco's hopes of winning the Africa Cup of Nations title for the third time in four years were ended by Egypt in extra-time as Nabil Abdel-Moneim's second-half strike earned them a 1-0 win in Gabon.
Three police officers are to face a misconduct hearing over evidence they gave to MPs about comments made by ex-cabinet minister Andrew Mitchell.
A man who was killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in West Sussex may have been the victim of a stabbing, an inquest has heard.
Members of a men's moustache club are gathering in Dover on Saturday to compete for the title of the UK's "sleekest beard".
Police in Zambia have arrested more than 100 Chinese nationals suspected of running illegal mining and other crimes, state media report.
Two Kilcoo Rovers players are to be suspended following an investigation into allegations of racist abuse, BBC Sport understands.
John McEnroe has urged Australian teenager Nick Kyrgios to "look in the mirror" if he wants to become a top player after the Australian lost in the Wimbledon fourth round.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has met Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto for the first time since he called Mexico "an enemy of the US", during a visit to Mexico City.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes could extend the lifespan of mice, a study suggests.
A man who died after being attacked in a supermarket car park in Denbighshire was the victim of a "targeted attack", police have said.
Widnes Vikings have released prop Mark Bailey, forward Joe Cox and forward Jake Dodds at the end of their Super League season.
A car has crashed into a building in Glasgow city centre after being pursued by police.
Sunderland midfielder Andrea Giampiero Giaccherini has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Serie A club.
Archaeological finds have been made during work to prepare for a new museum at a former Scottish prisoner of war base.
The Sun newspaper has apologised for a column written by former editor Kelvin MacKenzie in which he compared a mixed-race footballer to a gorilla.
Torquay United have been bought by a consortium of Chinese, Hong Kong and American businessmen for an undisclosed sum.
Vulnerable adults in police custody in England and Wales are not getting enough support from appropriate adults, a report has found.
Here is a full list of British and Irish Lions players who made their first-team debuts in 2013-14.
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored second-half goals as Manchester United made it three wins from three in the Premier League with victory at Leicester City.
Non-payment of the BBC licence fee should be made a civil rather than criminal offence, the government has said.
The UK will offer EU citizens living in the UK the same rights as those living in other EU countries after Brexit, the prime minister has said.
A Spanish court in Madrid has heard evidence from one of the last surviving members of the so-called Islamic State cell accused of carrying out the Barcelona and Cambrils attacks.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a Wrexham man with a crossbow has told a court he fled the scene of the fatal attack because he feared for his wife's safety.
A man who escaped from a South Yorkshire prison has been arrested after going on the run for a week.
Rory McIlroy says he is "totally fine" to play at this week's US Open as he continues his recovery from injury ahead of the defence of his title.
David Lammy has told the BBC he is considering a bid to become Labour's next leader.
A former NHS chief executive has admitted defrauding the health service out of £11,000.
Google has announced a new service that will allow it to measure how much money people spend on the high street.
Police are trying to trace a man in connection with a "frightening" sexual assault on an 18-year-old woman who was left in the back of a car.
The UK's population grew by more than 500,000 between mid-2013 and mid-2014, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey will play their first FA Cup qualifying-round match at home for the first time in the competition's history next season.
Plans to build a bridge across the River Thames in central London should be scrapped because of a lack of money and a spiralling cost of £200m, a report has said.
A burst water main in a London street has caused a "major" amount of damage to a cinema and a number of shops.
"Death, taxes and another RHI story every day" is the front page headline on Thursday's papers.
The husband of a woman who took her own life has said the last few days have been the "worst of his life".
A former Texas police officer has been charged with the murder of a black teenager who was shot dead by a white officer.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's comment that Bangladesh's Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has declared "zero tolerance" for terrorism has gone viral on social media.
David Pitcher is attempting to become the first British man to row the Atlantic for a second time.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal beat Sweden 1-0 to take a big step towards reaching the World Cup finals in Brazil.
Five British men arrested in India have been released on bail after spending more than two years in jail.
The battle of Sangin, the largest district in the southern Afghan province of Helmand, has been going on for months.
As the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz is marked, a former prisoner of war (PoW) from south Wales reflects on his memories of life in the Nazi death camp.
Glastonbury is one of the most unpredictable festivals in the world - and this year's line-up is no different.
Fire crews have tackled a large blaze at a five-and-a-half-storey hotel in Southampton.
Ghana has been told by a UN tribunal to stop drilling for oil in a disputed area of the Atlantic Ocean between Ivory Coast and Ghana.
More than 150 motorists have been caught using their mobile phones while driving on the M40, M4, M27 and M3 motorways, police have said.
Footballer Ched Evans has gone on trial accused of raping a student in a hotel room where Oscar Wilde once said "everything in life is about sex".
The British and Irish Lions lost Stuart Hogg for the rest of the tour to New Zealand as they lost to the Crusaders in the second match of the three-Test series.
The Scottish government has been urged to take action to stop a family of beavers being illegally released in Tayside.
Three men have been seen on the roof of a building in Bridgend town centre.
Dick Advocaat has left his job as Sunderland manager after just eight games in charge of the Premier League strugglers.
The former chief executive of a young people's services company has been accused of "bullying and discrimination" at work, the BBC has learned.
More than 1,000 homes in West Yorkshire are to have solar panels installed as part of a £14m scheme to help reduce household bills.
Andy Murray says he is "concerned" about the lack of junior players in British tennis but has not spoken to the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) about the issue.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been a key factor in the club's promotion to League One this season, according to captain Danny Richards.
World long jump champion Greg Rutherford reached the final of the Olympic long jump on the same night as Olympic gold medallist Mo Farah.
Prime Minister Theresa May has praised the families of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster for their "courage, determination and resolve".
The RSPCA is appealing for information after a pony was found badly injured and abandoned in a field in Lincolnshire.
Thousands of unaccompanied child refugees who have made it to Europe will be eligible for UK resettlement, David Cameron has said, in a U-turn on the issue.
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has shaved off his beard after being named the BBC's Beard of the Year 2013.
The Prodigy have topped the UK album chart for a second week in a row with their latest release, Alternative Light Source.
Cuban President Raul Castro has told the country's parliament to "clean up the heads of all sorts of nonsense" after it approved a package of economic reforms.
The first six teams in the inaugural Women's Cricket Super League will be based in the south west and south east of England.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by more than 20% in the last three years, according to new figures.
The bodies of dozens of migrants have been recovered from the sea after two boats capsized off the Libyan coast on Thursday, officials say.
A ceasefire has started in Syria, where the city of Aleppo is one of the biggest cities in the country.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised former footballer Andy Woodward for his bravery in speaking out about being sexually abused by a coach as a child.
Work has begun on a series of projects to mark the completion of the Dundee Waterfront project.
Ulster have appointed Jim Clarke as their new forwards coach on a two-year contract.
Leeds Rhinos centre Adam Galloway will be out for the rest of the season after tearing an Achilles tendon, reports BBC Radio Leeds.
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III has named Bubba Watson as one of his five vice-captains for this week's match against Europe.
Lewis Hamilton says it would be "ridiculous" to impose team orders on Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg, who leads him in the world championship.
Ten British soldiers who died in World War One have been identified from DNA evidence found in France, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgeny Seleznyov scored their first goals of the World Cup qualifying campaign as Ukraine beat Slovenia to take a 2-0 lead into the second leg of their play-off final.
Ospreys director of rugby Dean Rees says his players are "devastated" at missing out on a European Champions Cup quarter-final spot after a 26-17 defeat at Exeter Chiefs.
A new stretch of motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has opened to traffic.
The Football League is one of the oldest in the world.
World number one Serena Williams has said she does not deserve to be paid less because of her gender.
Children and young people in England are not getting the help they need to cope with mental health problems, according to a new report.
Israeli police have shot dead a Palestinian man suspected of carrying out a series of deadly shootings in Tel Aviv last week.
A man who attempted to murder a father-of-two by repeatedly stabbing him in the street has been jailed for five-and-a-half years.
A California woman accused of murdering her boyfriend has posted a bail of more than $100m (Â£65m) to avoid being released on bail for her alleged role in the murder of a man, reports say.
Nurseries in England are struggling to find enough qualified staff to look after children, campaigners say, as figures show a sharp fall in the number of people starting a new qualification.
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said the economy is close to meeting the central bank's targets of maximum employment and price stability.
(Close): Shares in bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair fell 5% after the company reported a loss of £5.7m for the year to the end of March.
When I first met a woman who offered to be my fake girlfriend, I thought it was going to be a real deal.
Black History Month has marked its first anniversary with an awards ceremony to celebrate the achievements of young black people in Wales.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Joe Root is expected to be named England's new captain on Wednesday, a day after Alastair Cook stepped down from the role following the fifth Test defeat in India.
A public meeting has been held in Manchester to condemn the use of a fake suicide bomber in a counter-terrorism training exercise.
John Boyega has signed up to play Chewbacca in a theatre company in south-east London.
Dundee moved into the Premiership's top six with victory over Ross County at Dens Park.
MPs have clashed over the plight of older women who have lost out on state pension payments during a Commons debate on the issue.
Plans to transform one of the oldest buildings in Ceredigion have been given a £1.5m boost.
Institute Football Club have been forced to move their Football League match against Ballyclare to Dixon Park on Friday because of the damage caused by Tuesday's flooding at Mourneview Park.
Notts County have announced a new management team, with former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Chris Fletcher joining the League Two club as chief executive.
The German government has begun checking the identity of asylum seekers entering the country from Austria and Bavaria, amid a row over how to distribute the burden of the huge influx of refugees.
Scientists are analysing the deep-sea sediments of the Indian Ocean to learn more about the climate of the past.
Thousands of Kenyan doctors have gone on strike for the first time in the history of the country's public hospitals.
Three US marines have been killed in an aircraft crash off the Australian coast, the US military has said.
The Scottish SPCA has rescued a plastic corn snake from a park in Edinburgh after it was spotted by a member of the public.
The first of eight new Royal Navy frigates to be built on the Clyde will be delivered next summer, the UK defence secretary has announced.
Afghan security forces have foiled an attack on a hospital in the capital, Kabul, in which at least 20 people have been killed, officials say.
Royal Welsh Fusiliers marched through Conwy county to celebrate the return of the Royal goat.
A group of Indian nurses who were released by Islamist militants in Iraq have returned to the southern Indian city of Kochi after being held hostage by the militants.
Rangers defender Ryan Kiernan is to face a Scottish FA disciplinary hearing over an incident involving St Johnstone's Danny Anderson.
Luton Town manager Nathan Sweet says his side are aiming to emulate the success of clubs at the very top of the English football pyramid.
Livingston fought back from 2-0 down to earn a point at Brechin City in Scottish League One.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a free vote on whether the UK should take part in air strikes against Islamic State targets in Syria.
A new reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man whose remains were found buried in a pot at the end of a quarry is to go on show.
Chipotle Mexican Grill has been linked to an outbreak of E. coli that has made dozens of people sick in several US states.
The mother of a Chicago girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted on Facebook Live has said she is afraid to return home after the attack was broadcast on the social media site.
Tsai Ing-wen has been described as a "mystery" - the kind of person who likes to "walk next to walls to avoid the spotlight".
British number two Andy Murray will be joined in the Wimbledon semi-finals by good friend James Ward, who is through to the last 32.
Swansea's £1bn tidal lagoon project will be a "disgrace" if the government pulls the plug on it, an MP has said.
The number of animal cruelty complaints received by the RSPCA in Wales has fallen for the second year in a row, the charity has said.
It's almost time for the new Formula 1 season to get under way.
Armed police have evacuated passengers from a coach travelling on the M6 Toll carriageway after a report of a "suspicious activity" on the motorway.
Four London councils have spent more than £500,000 on legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport, it has emerged.
Storm Axel, the biggest storm of the year so far, has battered northern parts of Germany, causing flooding and cutting power to tens of thousands of people.
Three women have been inducted into the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris as part of a ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the Liberation of France.
Police are trying to trace a man who attacked an 83-year-old woman in her own home before stealing money from her handbag.
American Charley Hoffman will take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters after a stormy first round at Augusta.
Plans to give automatic pardons to gay and bisexual men who have been convicted of now-abolished sexual offences are to go ahead.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil and lost exam papers has been banned from the profession.
A motoring festival in Coventry will not go ahead next year, organisers have announced.
Police are investigating claims of historical child sex abuse in football, with 17 forces now investigating allegations of abuse in the sport.
Phil Taylor will meet Peter Wright in the Premier League play-off final on Thursday.
"It's like playing Russian roulette," says Lorna Fillingham, mother of six-year-old Emily-May.
A Syrian journalist working for an anti-Islamic State (IS) group has been killed in Syria, according to a monitoring group.
The education system is failing young people who do not go on to university, the House of Lords Education Committee has said in a report.
The Chinese government has launched an anti-phishing scheme to stop people falling victim to online banking scams.
Video replays are being trialled in Major League Soccer for the first time in the United States.
Zambia will begin the defence of their Under-20 World Cup title against reigning champions Portugal after the draw for the group stage took place in Seoul on Wednesday.
If you're having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of something you've heard in the news, don't worry - you're not the only one.
Tributes have been paid to Northern Ireland prison officer Adrian Ismay, who has died after being targeted in a bomb attack last week.
Venezuela is deploying 17,000 troops along its border with Colombia in an attempt to cut the smuggling of cheap goods from the country.
The Polish language is one of Europe's most highly developed, and the country has one of the world's fastest-growing economies.
British number one Johanna Konta lost 6-4 7-6 (7-5) to Ekaterina Makarova in the last 16 of the Nottingham Open.
Plans to build a new retail park in Merthyr Tydfil have been given the go-ahead after years of delay.
Wales Under-20 wing James Botham has become the youngest player to score a try in a World Cup match, at the age of 17.
Defending champion Chris Froome lost the Tour de France leader's yellow jersey to team-mate Michael Matthews, who won stage 10.
If you have been sexually abused as a child or as an adult, or as a victim of sexual abuse as a young person, how do you report it?
Ukrainian and pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have begun the process of withdrawing their heavy weapons from the line of contact.
Royal Mail has warned of a "material risk" to the future of its letter delivery business as competition in the sector continues to grow.
Daniel Radcliffe has admitted he is "by far" the least educated person in the world when it comes to Shakespeare's Hamlet.
Four Russian women who have been awarded the country's highest military honour, the Order of Courage, for their actions in Syria have been honoured by the Kremlin.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will be "full-strength" when the sides meet again in Saturday's Test series opener in Dublin.
Guatemala's Attorney General Rodrigo Ordonez has launched an investigation into the activities of the country's police chief, General Rodolfo Palomino.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid.
Romania coach Ilie Nastase has been ejected from the Fed Cup after being sent off during British number one Johanna Konta's Fed Cup match on Saturday.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the BBC Football Writers' World XI for the first time.
Leyton Orient have extended the contract of midfielder Chris Long until the end of the season after signing a new one-year deal with the League Two club.
Two explosions on buses in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, have killed at least two people and wounded at least 40 others, officials say.
Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson asked a teenage girl to give him a "thank you kiss" and undid his trousers before sexually assaulting her, a court has heard.
British racing driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash in the second race of the Indianapolis 500.
A three-year-old girl who was airlifted to hospital after a crash which killed her mother and three other people has been released from hospital.
Kurtis Barnes suffered a surprise defeat in his first professional fight as he was knocked out in round one of his bout against veteran Bulgarian Ivan Slavchev in Belfast.
Theresa May has said she is looking forward to "working together for the prosperity and security of people on both sides of the Atlantic" when she meets US President-elect Donald Trump next week.
The gross domestic product (GDP) is a measure of the size of the economy and is one of the key indicators used by the Bank of England in setting interest rates.
The education secretary has launched a new online resource to help teachers and school leaders find ways of improving the education of children in Scotland.
Greece has said it will not go to court to try to force Britain to return the Parthenon Marbles to Greece.
The government has overspent by £2.5bn in real terms since 2010, according to a new analysis of official figures.
Albania qualified for Euro 2016 for the first time in their history with a comfortable win in Armenia.
The Scottish government is to review building safety standards in high-rise flats in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Watford moved off the bottom of the Premier League table as two goals from top scorer Odion Ighalo gave them victory over Newcastle.
Work has begun on a master plan to regenerate Fishguard town centre in Pembrokeshire.
Police in Ukraine are investigating the sudden death of a prominent pro-Russian opposition politician, Olexander Kalashnikov, whose body was found in a flat in the capital, Kiev, last week.
It's been more than a year since former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was ousted from the Elysee Palace.
Wrexham are considering a move for Plymouth Argyle striker Luke Harvey after he left the League Two club at the end of the season.
The room in which Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley slept in the night before he died is to go on public display for the first time.
People's wellbeing can be improved by watching aquariums with more fish in them, a study has found.
Easyjet is planning to use drones to inspect and repair its fleet of planes, as part of a range of new technologies being developed by the airline.
The first trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released and it's been met with a warm welcome on social media.
The Walkers crisps factory in County Durham is to close, with the loss of 355 jobs, the company has confirmed.
A new recording studio in Granada has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
Russian law enforcement agents have been visiting dozens of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in the capital, Moscow, over the past week.
One in 52,000 children in the UK may have developed narcolepsy after being given the H1N1 flu vaccine Pandemrix, a study suggests.
The UK has more universities in the top 200 of the Times Higher Education World University Rankings than any other country in the world, but there are warnings that UK regional universities are falling away.
Two new Cadw dragons have gone on show at Caernarfon Castle and Harlech Castle in Gwynedd.
A Kelso estate agent who conned clients out of thousands of pounds while working as a financial advisor has been given a community payback order.
Parents in Australia are being urged to vaccinate their children against diseases such as measles, whooping cough and tuberculosis.
Oscar Pérez, the Venezuelan special forces agent who carried out a daring attack on the Supreme Court in the capital, Caracas, on Tuesday, has gone on the run.
The SNP is to take over two key Westminster committee chairmanships, the party has announced.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of the fungus which is destroying the UK's ash trees.
With just two days to go until the US presidential election, we take a look back at some of the most memorable moments of the campaign so far.
Residents of a gated neighbourhood in San Francisco, California, say they have been left stunned after the city of San Francisco sold their street to foreigners at auction.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton United moved out of the National League relegation zone with victory over Gateshead at Gander Green Lane.
The bodies of two German climbers have been found on Switzerland's Matterhorn mountain, the Alpine Rescue Committee (ARCC) has said.
Gonzalo Higuain has been suspended for Napoli's final four games of the season after being sent off in Saturday's Serie A defeat by Chievo Verona.
Smoking is bad for your health, it's bad for the environment and it's even worse for children.
Bracknell Forest Hospital for the mentally ill is to allow patients to give their views on the care they receive.
The minimum price of alcohol in Scotland's pubs and clubs should be raised to 50p per unit, a House of Lords report has said.
Plans for a multimillion-pound surfing lagoon in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead after the Welsh Government gave £3.5m to the project.
Cleveland Indians left-hander Corey Kluber dominated the first game of the best-of-seven World Series as the Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-0 to take a 2-0 lead.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said his team-mates were "running around like ducks" after he lost the Monaco Grand Prix to Mercedes.
Brighton & Hove Albion fans have condemned homophobic chanting by Leicester City fans during the Premier League match between the two sides.
Sinn Féin has said the burning of its election posters on a bonfire in west Belfast is a "hate crime".
On the face of it, Donald Trump doesn't have a chance of winning the White House.
Kirsty Purve-Jorendal has lived most of her life in Sweden, but for the past two years she has been travelling halfway across the world to meet the woman who gave birth to her.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A convicted serial killer who has been declared mentally ill enough to be moved to a high-security prison, the BBC has learned.
Plans to move a Powys secondary school from English to Welsh-medium education have been rejected by the whole council.
Tom DeLonge has denied reports that he has quit Blink 182.
Firefighters had to cut a hole in a tyre to free a woman who became trapped in a wheelie bin at a children's play park.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean" football, says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has said she is willing to let prosecutors investigate her over the country's biggest political scandal in decades.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-month-old boy was hit by a car in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A campaign has been launched to have the death penalty debated in Parliament for the first time in more than 20 years.
A three-year-old boy has died after an accident on a farm in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African prosecutors are to appeal against the prison sentence given to Oscar Pistorius, the athlete who shot dead his girlfriend last year.
The owners of Dunsfold Park aerodrome in Waverley, Surrey, have lost a long-running legal battle over the use of the airfield for "flight testing".
Oxford United will make one change to the side that lost at Newcastle in the last round of the FA Cup as Michael Appleton makes his first start of the season.
Walmart has struck a deal to take a stake in China's biggest online retailer, JD.com, in exchange for the sale of its Yihaodian brand.
A Conservative MP has accused the Welsh Government of "breaking a manifesto commitment" over plans to devolve some tax-raising powers to the assembly without a referendum.
UKIP's defence policy would include a dedicated veterans' minister and a national defence medal, the party has said.
Here's a round-up of the best of the news in entertainment news over the weekend.
The government is "hardening" its stance on cutting green energy subsidies, the BBC understands.
A service is being held in Cardiff to mark the centenary of the first Welsh ambulance unit to serve in World War One.
Britain's Marcus Ellis and Chris Langridge won Olympic bronze in badminton's men's doubles with a dramatic final-game win over Japan's Misaki Matsutomo and Hiroyuki Endo.
It's been another busy day for unions on the London Underground.
Coventry City's Supporters' Trust has urged fans not to repeat the behaviour of supporters during Saturday's FA Cup first-round defeat by Rochdale.
China and the US have pledged to work towards the "the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula in a peaceful manner", amid growing tensions over North Korea's nuclear programme.
Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a £500,000 donation to help fund the restoration of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
David Beckham joined a paramedic on stage to thank him for saving the lives of people trapped on a theme park rollercoaster.
Northern Ireland's Environment Minister Mark Durkan has been found guilty by the High Court in Belfast of breaching the ministerial code over a controversial planning blueprint.
Portsmouth have signed Chesterfield midfielder Drew Talbot on a one-year deal after he was released by the League Two club.
New Hartlepool United manager Craig Hignett says he has been taken by "surprise" by the quality of the players he has seen in training.
George Cole, who has died at the age of 91, was a veteran of more than 30 films, including Bikini Babe, The Vampire Lovers and Blue Murder at St Trinian's.
(Noon): The FTSE 100 fell for a second day after the Bank of England held interest rates at 0.5%.
Thousands of firefighters in England and Wales are staging a one-day strike in a dispute over changes to their pensions.
"We will bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it."
Colombia says it has arrested one person in connection with an alleged plot to sabotage peace talks with the Farc rebel group in Cuba.
The Football Association has appointed Baroness Campbell as its new head of women's football.
Bastian Schweinsteiger has been included in Manchester United's Europa League squad.
Two security guards have been threatened with a knife during a bank robbery in Glasgow city centre.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order withdrawing the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
The funeral of Alan and Carol Graham, one of three Scots killed in the Tunisia terror attack, has taken place in Perth.
A pair of Queen Victoria's silk bloomers are expected to fetch thousands of pounds when they go up for auction in Wiltshire.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was furious with the challenge that ended up costing Jack Hamilton a red card in his side's win over Partick Thistle.
Wales football legend Dean Saunders has said he is "running out of clean clothes" after leaving his car at an airport to watch the team at Euro 2016.
Kyren Wilson has described his record-equalling German Open match with Anthony Hamilton as the "best match" of his career.
A growing number of products are getting smaller, according to a new report.
The remains of a newborn baby whose remains were found in a plastic bag wrapped in a pair of trousers have been identified.
Jarlinson Pantano sprinted to victory on stage 15 of the Tour de France as Chris Froome retained the leader's yellow jersey.
The government has announced the main route of the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Manchester, with a separate spur to take passengers to Sheffield.
Chesterfield climbed out of the League One relegation zone with victory at 10-man Barnsley, despite having a man sent off in stoppage time.
EDF Energy, the French company behind plans to build a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point, is to hold a board meeting next week to decide whether to go ahead with the project.
A dead fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach.
A man has been arrested in connection with the Rangers v Celtic match at Hampden in September.
An Iranian-British woman has said she has been barred from flying to the US after being told her nationality was not good enough to get a visa.
Schools in Wales are not doing enough to help talented pupils reach their full potential, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
A teenager who bit off half of a man's ear in a drunken rage after the death of his aunt has been jailed for 12 months.
The Australian government is trying to silence doctors and nurses who report on the health and mental health of asylum seekers, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been told.
Neil Gaiman's coming-of-age story The Ocean at the End of the Lane has won the 2016 National Book of the Year award.
What do you do if you want to know what the Great British Bake Off contestants are capable of?
The health regulator has launched an investigation into the running of a cancer hospital in Manchester.
The Calvapilosa, an extinct species of mollusc, has been reconstructed for the first time.
Derry City and Strabane Post has announced plans to move out of its current Belfast city centre premises and into new premises.
The parents of a soldier who died after overheating on an SAS selection march have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government will not allow them to sue the Ministry of Defence.
A man has been arrested after a stolen pick-up truck was pursued by police for more than 40 miles (64km) before ending up in a dead end.
Lord Elis-Thomas has said Plaid Cymru is "not willing to seriously participate" in Welsh Government.
US President-elect Donald Trump has had a profound effect on the world of business, according to one Silicon Valley entrepreneur.
Amnesty International has warned of a "new world order where human rights are portrayed as a barrier to national interests" and a rise in hate speech.
There has been a fair amount of concern about the forthcoming all-out strikes by junior doctors in England.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French side Racing 92 at the end of the season.
The University of Glamorgan has been awarded a grant to help conserve some of the personal belongings of poet Edward Thomas.
Matt Machan hit an unbeaten century for Sussex against Worcestershire on the opening day of the County Championship match at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi says Pep Guardiola could bring a "revolution" to English football if he is appointed Manchester City manager next season.
More than 1,000 patients have been delayed from being discharged from hospital in the last three months, according to Scottish government figures.
Maoist rebels will not be allowed to sabotage trains in India's Maoist-affected areas, the chief minister of the eastern state of West Bengal has told the BBC.
The organisers of the Tour de France are appealing for volunteers to knit bunting for the city of Cambridge ahead of this summer's race.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after an alleged robbery in Londonderry.
Tunisian holidaymakers are returning to the beach where a gunman killed at least 22 people, including six of their friends, before throwing his weapon into the sea.
A Florida man has been arrested in connection with an arson attack on a mosque in the Florida city of Fort Pierce last week, police say.
The Mountain Bikers' Association of Scotland (MBAAS) has appealed to hillwalkers to help keep mountain bothies in good condition.
Wakefield ended Catalans Dragons' hopes of a top-four finish in the Super League table with a hard-fought win at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
Gloucester centre Mark Atkinson has signed a new one-year contract extension to stay with the Premiership club until the end of next season.
Former Tottenham and England striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke, his family has announced.
Celtic stretched their unbeaten Scottish Premiership record to 46 games as they thumped Partick Thistle at Firhill.
Queen's Park moved to within a point of Scottish League Two leaders East Stirlingshire by beating Montrose.
Burnley midfielder Chris Jones has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further year.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has said it has been the victim of a new attempt to hack into its computer system.
AFC Wimbledon have re-signed midfielder Luke Murphy on a season-long loan from Bradford City.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he would stop people living illegally in the US from sending money overseas to pay for his proposed border wall with Mexico.
The Conservative candidate in South Wales East has been re-elected to the assembly after the party's candidate finished outside the top four in the local election.
Ross County manager Jim McIntyre is one of four managers shortlisted for the Scottish Professional Football League manager of the season award.
The UK's highest court is to hear arguments on Tuesday in a case brought by a celebrity accused of having an extra-marital relationship with another man.
South African President Jacob Zuma is facing his biggest challenge yet.
Hull City have confirmed they are in advanced talks to sell the Premier League club to a Chinese consortium for an undisclosed fee.
The head of Cecil the lion, whose death sparked a global outcry, could be released in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park so people can pay tribute to him, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Substitute Nicky Ajose's injury-time penalty rescued a point for Charlton Athletic in a 1-1 draw at Gillingham.
The government has announced plans to cut child benefit for the richest families in England and Wales from April next year.
The Police and Crime Commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not be standing for re-election in May.
Swansea City have appointed former player Alan Curtis as the club's new loan player manager.
A youth football match has been cancelled after a group of travellers parked up next to changing rooms.
The Eiffel Tower has reopened to the public for the first time since the Paris attacks on Friday, in which 130 people were killed.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup after organisers decided not to award them a replay because of "uncertainty" over their future.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 150 as Middlesex beat Glamorgan by an innings and 88 runs to reach the One-Day Cup quarter-finals at Lord's.
The health watchdog has been accused of "trading in tittle-tattle" after it refused to change a damning report into a failing hospital, an MP has said.
Police have released CCTV images of two people they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Paisley.
The number of dog attacks in Wales in 2016 has increased by more than 50% compared to the previous year, according to new figures.
Heather Rabbatts, the first black and minority ethnic (BAME) woman to serve on the Football Association's board, is to step down after five years.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest century in one-day international history as England beat Pakistan by eight wickets to win the series 2-1.
Two people have been arrested after a couple were killed when the car they were in crashed into a group of cyclists.
The founder of an online tyre-fitting business has signed a deal to sell tyres to the Michelin Group for £1.5m.
Conservationists have said they are "disappointed" by a Welsh Government working group's draft report on the future of national parks in Wales.
Surrey seam bowler James Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
The CES tech show in Las Vegas has seen the unveiling of a range of virtual reality-powered cars.
Three men have been rescued from a sinking fishing boat off the Aberdeenshire coast after a lifeboat was called out to help.
The right-wing Law and Justice party led by the Kaczynski family has won Poland's parliamentary election, ending the coalition government of Civic Platform.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is "frightened" the election will be "rigged" in favour of his rival Hillary Clinton.
An 85-year-old man's death could have been prevented had an optometrist done her job properly, a court has heard.
Burton Albion moved out of the Championship relegation zone with victory over Birmingham City at the Madejski Stadium.
Salford Red Devils half-back Joe Garbutt has accepted a two-game ban for his red card in Saturday's Super League defeat by Hull FC.
A memorial service has been held in Somerset for a missing yachtsman who went missing while on holiday in the US state of Massachusetts.
Falkirk has become the first Scottish local authority to invest in housing.
Sean Dickson scored his second Championship century of the season to help Kent fight back against Derbyshire at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Sierra Leonean writer Mathew Nyaungwa reflects on his experience of working as a diamond miner in Sierra Leone.
Plans to extend the London Underground's Northern Line to Battersea Power Station have been approved by the government.
The transport minister has accused Whitehall of "conspiracy theory" over the future of the Wales and Border rail franchise.
Tim Peake and Tim Peake, two astronauts on board the International Space Station, found a hidden game of Space Invaders while working on a project.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gun and bomb attack on a gas plant in Burkina Faso's capital Ouagadougou, officials say.
A 25-year-old man has died after a crash on the A77 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Bangladeshi man has returned home to his family for the first time in more than 20 years.
A US company that sells software that allows parents to spy on their children has admitted that up to 80,000 of its customers' data has been stolen.
It's been called "the worst thing that's happened to me in my whole life" - and it's the kind of abuse a farmer's had to endure on Twitter.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been asked to investigate claims of corruption in the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
McLaren team boss Ron Dennis has been told he will have to step down next year, BBC Sport understands.
Spanish newspaper El Mundo has published documents it says show that Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments when he was a minister.
A second migrant has been killed trying to cross to the UK from France in the space of 24 hours.
Abdelhamid Yafai won the vacant British super-flyweight title with a unanimous points win over Panama's Omar Sosa in Birmingham.
Campaigners fighting to extend the opening hours of a Hampshire country park have welcomed a decision to extend them from April to September.
A Sinn Féin MLA has been ordered to apologise for a tweet he posted about a former Ulster Unionist Party (UDR) member of the Army.
Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) intelligence agency has said the death of Osama Bin Laden is an "embarrassment" for the country's security services.
A teenager in the US state of Connecticut is taking legal action in a bid to return to school after posting videos on YouTube showing drones carrying guns and other weapons, the Associated Press reports.
Drivers have faced delays of up to an hour and a half on the new road layout at the controversial Elephant and Castle roundabout in central London.
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan and Middlesex all-rounder Paul Stirling hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
Asian shares traded mostly lower on Friday as investors continued to remain cautious ahead of next week's US interest rate decision.
Iran's hardliners have suffered their biggest electoral defeat in the country's recent parliamentary elections.
Rangers defender Bruno Alves is the perfect fit for Pedro Caixinha's plans at Ibrox, according to former Porto and Fenerbahce defender Kevin McCarthy.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Eryri wedi dweud wrth i'r Gadair eleni yn cael ei llunio yng Nghymru, yn ôl hefyd wedi'i gartref Hedd Wyn, Yr Ysgwrn.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash at a track hosting the Eastern Centre Championship.
More than 800,000 Indian chemists are to go on strike on Wednesday to protest against the illegal sale of drugs online.
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has come out of the shadows to lend her support to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
A gardener has said he is "devastated" after being forced to close a popular tourist attraction for the rest of the year because of flooding.
Nick Griffin has been expelled from the British National Party (BNP) - but what do you do when you have been kicked out of your own party and have been declared bankrupt?
Pupils at primary schools in Northern Ireland are being offered advice on how to cope with the transition from primary to secondary school.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of stealing a statue of a sheep which was stolen from a street in Wrexham.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he has not given up hope of signing Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has questioned a former partner of one of the lawyers at the centre of an investigation into the Northern Ireland Nama property loans deal.
Bury have signed Aston Villa defender Sam Suliman on a season-long loan deal, with the option of a permanent deal.
The idea of being able to propose your own private member's bill to the House of Commons and have it become law is an MP's dream.
The US is to release a further instalment of frozen funds to Iran, the US state department has announced.
Great Britain lost their final Eurobasket warm-up match of the pre-season as they were beaten by the Netherlands at the Copper Box in Belfast.
The Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled the design of its new polymer £10 note, which will go into circulation later this month.
US President Barack Obama has urged Americans to "reject despair" after the fatal shootings of five police officers in Dallas, Texas, last week.
Passengers on a plane had a lucky escape when a snake got stuck on to the wing of the aircraft they were travelling on.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy the online business publication, Business Insider, from Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Families in Warrington are to get free public transport to and from the town's new community swimming pool.
Nasa's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 exoplanets - planets that orbit a different star to our own.
More than 100 puppies have been seized in a "shocking" attempt to smuggle them into Wales, the DSPCA has said.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said the government must be "completely mad" to allow in-work migrants from Eastern Europe to claim some welfare payments.
A row has broken out over the future of a modernist building on the campus of Durham University.
A Cotswolds landmark has won a special award for its views of the night sky.
The body of a man whose body was pulled from the River Mersey in Shropshire has been formally identified.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Friday's opening practice session at the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod as Bruce Anstey secured pole position for Saturday's Superbike race.
A Denbighshire beach could be strengthened to reduce the risk of flooding due to a breach in the sand dunes.
ScotRail has said it will be running fewer trains on Sundays after a dispute with drivers' union Aslef over pay and conditions.
Hungary will not backtrack over controversial new laws passed by the Hungarian government, Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto has said.
At first glance, you think: "What is this?"
The US company Topps has said it may have had access to the credit card details of customers who bought some of its sports and entertainment products.
India set a record target of 401 to beat South Africa by an innings and 88 runs and take a 2-0 lead in the three-match Test series.
The number of people caught using a mobile phone behind the wheel in Wales has more than doubled in a month, new figures have shown.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was attacked at a community farm in Monmouthshire.
A council has spent £1.5m searching for a new burial site after running out of space in Oxford's cemeteries.
Four people have been shot at a concert attended by Chris Brown in the US state of California.
The US has signed a deal to sell military aircraft to Nigeria, months after the deal was scrapped amid human rights concerns, US media report.
The House of Commons has rejected a bid to make it clear that sex selective abortions are illegal in the UK, in a vote on Wednesday.
Plans to build 4,000 new homes in a garden village near Longcross have been unveiled.
Global food security is under threat because of the impact of climate change, the UN's food agency has warned.
A theatre producer who defrauded the Arts Council of Wales out of £30,000 has been jailed for two years.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says he does not know whether Chelsea captain John Terry will remain at the Liberty Stadium next season.
Northern Ireland First Minister Gavin Robinson has criticised those who are campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union.
Afghanistan has appointed a new police chief to replace the outgoing Kabul police chief, Ashraf Ghani Zahir, who resigned last week.
The chances of surviving to the age of 100 in the UK are set to increase by more than 50% over the next 30 years, according to a new report.
Some butterflies could be extinct in parts of the UK as early as 2050 if global warming continues at its current rate, a study suggests.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a lorry on the A77 in Dumfries and Galloway, police have said.
A Cardiff-based call centre firm is to create 300 new jobs over the next three years.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks back at some of the stories that made headlines in Africa in 2016.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a man who died after being attacked in a shopping centre.
A father and son jailed for the murder of a pensioner have had their sentences increased on appeal.
Oldham in Greater Manchester has been named the most deprived town and city in England, according to a new study.
Peter Ball is to host this year's Olivier Awards for best actress in a musical, it has been announced.
A Carmarthenshire park is to be planted with a commemorative tree to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of renowned landscape gardener Capability Brown.
The daughter of one of two British tourists killed in a plane crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to her "special spin on life".
The number of Scottish companies going into administration has fallen, according to new figures from KPMG.
Derry face Meath, Cavan travel to Carlow, Monaghan face Longford and Fermanagh are at home to Mayo in Saturday's All-Ireland Football Qualifiers.
A police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for two years for passing information about a violent drug dealer to a man he met at a gym.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his landlord who was found stabbed to death in a microwave oven.
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found safe and well, his family has said.
The ambulance service's non-emergency 111 phone line has been rated as a "red risk" for patient safety due to "performance issues".
Notts County have signed Mansfield Town striker Danny Green on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a third season.
The UK Taekwondo team has been cleared of any wrongdoing over the welfare of its athletes, according to the City AM newspaper.
David Lloyd hit his first Championship century of the season as Glamorgan held on for a draw against Sussex at Hove.
Scottish savings bank Scotwest has appointed its new chief executive to take over from the outgoing boss of Airdrie Savings Bank.
A man who defrauded his victims out of more than £33,000 has paid back the money he borrowed and loaned them, a court has heard.
The head of Jamaica's anti-doping agency has said he fears the country's track and field athletes could be failing drugs tests at the "tip of the iceberg".
Antonio Conte has been appointed Italy head coach on a two-year contract, with the option of a third year.
Shrewsbury Town came from 2-0 down to beat Blackpool and move off the foot of the League Two table.
It's one of the most talked-about stories of the campaign for the UK to remain in the EU.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has approved the transfer of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos' body to Manila's Heroes' Cemetery.
Thirteen men have been arrested on suspicion of being victims of modern-day slavery, West Midlands Police has said.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos each day has almost halved in the past week.
An elderly woman has been given a new bicycle after it was stolen while she was out cycling to the shops.
Relatives of the seven people killed in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow have said they feel "satisfied" with a closed meeting with investigators.
Mario Balotelli says he may leave the pitch if he is racially abused again after being racially abused by his own fans.
A fundraising event to raise money for the families of victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash is to be held next year.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has been voted the best film of the 20th Century, beating Orson Welles's Citizen Kane.
Police in New York say they have captured fugitive David Sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in upstate New York.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after an off-duty police officer was attacked with a knife in Lancashire.
Coca-Cola, the world's biggest bottler of Coca-Cola drinks, has reported a fall in profits and sales for the first three months of the year.
In a village in Cambodia, a community in the south-west of the capital, Phnom Penh, a group of fishermen are selling their catch of shrimp to tourists.
West Ham United have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
Republican presidential hopefuls have been talking about the deadly attacks in San Bernardino, the Paris terror attacks and the need for tighter gun-control laws.
A selection of the best of the news in Oxfordshire and Oxfordshire over the past seven days:
A man has appeared in court following the seizure of drugs with a street value of more than Â£3,000 in the Scottish Borders.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says his team have made the fans proud by finishing top of their Euro 2016 qualifying group.
Schools in parts of northern Scotland are struggling to recruit enough teachers, according to a BBC Scotland investigation.
Hollywood star George Clooney has surprised a 92-year-old woman by paying her a surprise visit to fulfil her lifelong dream of meeting him.
A sinkhole which caused the evacuation of dozens of Hertfordshire residents and the collapse of their homes was caused by old mine workings, a report has found.
Everton have signed Leicester City's head of recruitment Steve Walsh on a two-and-a-half-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Jon Walters is expected to be fit for the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 games against Sweden and Belgium on Tuesday and Italy on Wednesday.
Saracens wing Owen Farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
The Royal Mail has apologised after a postie left a box of Christmas cards on his doorstep - only for it to end up in the toilet.
Matt Tubbs scored his first goal of the season as League Two side Sutton United came from behind to beat League Two Cheltenham Town and reach the FA Cup third round.
All photographs by Gareth Iwan Jones.
The Army's Independent Humanitarian Aid and Training Team (IHAT), which investigated allegations of abuse by Iraqi civilians against UK servicemen and women, is to close, a former soldier has said.
Nigeria's former state governor James Ibori has pleaded guilty to four charges of money-laundering.
A hotel in the Scottish Borders is looking to recruit a new general manager for the new year.
Scotland coach Vern Cotter has gone out of his way to select a second string squad to face South Africa, says fly-half Tim Visser.
Hundreds of people have turned out to support a mother who has been criticised for breastfeeding in public in Staffordshire.
Fleetwood Town reached the FA Cup second round for the first time in their history with a 4-1 extra-time win over Southport.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate her twins with fatal foetal abnormalities has won a legal challenge against the Department of Health.
As part of BBC Music Day on 9 June, we're looking for your nominations for who you think deserves a musical blue plaque.
The NHS in England is "withering away", according to a group of leading doctors who have written an open letter criticising the coalition government's approach to health.
The Mexican government says it will resume food deliveries to parts of the southern state of Oaxaca after a week of protests by teachers' union members.
A 7.8-magnitude earthquake has struck off the Pacific island of Vanuatu, sending shockwaves across the Pacific.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will pay back any public money spent on travel expenses.
The reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the killer of schoolgirl Caroline McKeich has been increased from £10,000 to £20,000.
Roberto Pelle and Diego Giaccherini scored their first goals of Euro 2016 as Italy began their defence of the title with victory over Belgium at Stade de France.
Rory McIlroy is one shot behind leader Jaco van Zyl after the second round of the BMW Masters at Wentworth as Thomas Dubuisson holds a one-shot lead at the halfway stage.
British Skeleton champion James Swift has announced his retirement from the sport after 10 years.
Fire crews are continuing to tackle a large blaze at a bungalow in Suffolk.
An NHS trust has apologised to the family of a man whose body was mistakenly sent to the wrong funeral company, a report has found.
A new police and crime authority has been refused permission to hire staff on salaries of more than £100,000 a year.
Britain's Jamie Lapthorne reached the Australian Open men's doubles final for the first time in his career after winning his semi-final in straight sets in Melbourne.
Snowfall in parts of the US state of New York has left thousands of people in the north-east of the country without power.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train on a level crossing.
Gatwick Airport has accused the chairman of the Airports Commission of trying to "undermine the credibility" of its report into Heathrow expansion.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Martyn Phillips says he wants to see Anthony Joshua fight at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium in the future.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his players they need to change their "mindset" if they are to avoid another season of "loitering".
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Chris Weston following his release by Wycombe Wanderers.
Retailer BHS has launched a new online shop, its first product since the collapse of the department store chain.
When Joba Rani's village in Bangladesh's Chittagong district was devastated by floods last month, she had to sell three of her cows to pay off the interest on a microfinance loan.
The Obama administration is working on a plan to close the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay, the White House press secretary has said.
The long-running dispute over pay and conditions on Dublin's Luas tram system has ended.
A Conservative parliamentary candidate has been awarded damages after he was falsely accused of trading with the so-called Islamic State group.
Friends of the Earth and War on Want are among the signatories of a petition calling for the European Union to reject a major trade deal between the US and Canada.
Bolton Wanderers have agreed a deal to sell the club to ex-Trotters striker Dean Holdsworth, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland made it two wins out of two in the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Ireland at Murrayfield.
Scientists have used a gene editing technique to shrink tumours in mice, in what they say is the first animal trial of the technique in humans.
Lydney Harbour in the Forest of Dean is to be handed over to a fish smokery after 35 years of public ownership.
The 2011 Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to women's rights activists in Liberia, Yemen and Egypt.
Belfast Devils secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 2-0 victory over Cardiff Capitals at the SSE Arena on Thursday.
Katherine Belcher won Great Britain's only medal at the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Milan with silver in the women's K1 200m final.
The Alton Towers fire service was called to the scene of the Smiler rollercoaster crash within minutes of the first 999 call, the fire service has said.
A man has been detained under the mental health act after a man drove his car into the middle of the street in Sydney, Australia's capital, Sydney.
The Australian Border Force is moving detainees from Christmas Island detention centre on the remote Pacific island of Christmas Island to Australia's mainland after days of unrest at the facility.
Meat inspectors are warning that a new "hands-off" inspection system for slaughterhouses in the UK could lead to thousands of diseased pigs going undetected.
Charlton Athletic have re-signed Chelsea defender Diego Dasilva on loan until the end of the season.
The parents of a teenager who fell out of a swimming pool and broke his leg have been found guilty of failing to protect him.
At least two people have been killed and two others are missing after a building collapsed in the northern Italian city of Naples, officials say.
Gateshead Town have signed former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United midfielder Chris Sweeney on a two-year deal.
British astronaut Tim Peake has given a special space talk to children in front of a live audience.
A man has been jailed for attacking a three-week-old baby boy in a "cowardly" attack in Lancashire.
Ellie Atwell, a teacher in the US state of Maine, has been named as the winner of a £50,000 prize for the world's best teacher.
North Wales could benefit from Greater Manchester's success as part of the UK's Northern Powerhouse, the chairman of the North Wales Council has said.
Bristol Rovers defender Gary Moore has signed a new one-year contract with the club, with the option of a further year.
Adele has picked up best album at the Grammys, beating Beyonce to the prize for best album for Lemonade.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised the resilience of his players after their 2-1 victory over West Bromwich Albion at Anfield.
The UK government has agreed to allow Scotland's Court of Session to hear patent cases for the first time.
Hollywood actress Lupita Nyong'o has had her dress stolen from her hotel room after the Golden Globe awards ceremony in Los Angeles.
Radiohead have revealed they were asked to write the theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre.
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam.
The overtime bill for police officers in England and Wales has risen by more than £6m in the last year, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Archaeologists working on the esplanade at Dumfries Castle have discovered the remains of a defensive walling dating back to the 15th Century.
An ice cream maker in the Canadian province of Alberta has offered to buy an under-performing primary school in a bid to save it from closure.
An environmental permit has been revoked after a fire at a recycling plant in Manchester city centre.
Tony Fadell, chief executive of Nest, is preparing to take on Sir Jonathan Ive, co-founder of Apple's wearable tech rival, in a head-to-head interview with BBC Silicon Valley.
Uefa president Michel Platini has been backed by the Football Association to succeed Sepp Blatter as Fifa president.
Shrewsbury Town moved out of the League One relegation zone as they came from behind to beat struggling Gillingham.
Plans to build a £50m sports and housing development for Andy Murray's mother and Colin Montgomerie's golf and tennis centre have been criticised by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA has issued a warning to anyone considering buying a raccoon dog that they do not make good pets.
Ed Miliband has had a day of firsts at the Labour conference in Bridgend.
A US military aircraft has shot down a Russian fighter jet that made a low-altitude pass over the Pacific Ocean, US officials have said.
Snapchat-owned video-streaming service Snapchat has passed one billion views a day for the first time.
Mobile phone provider Three has apologised to its customers after its service was cut off for several hours on Saturday.
An Australian school has banned students from clapping at its assembly, instead encouraging them to shout a silent cheer instead.
A made-up MEP has come top of a poll of the public's knowledge of the four Welsh MEPs in the European Parliament.
In 2001, the Daily Telegraph published a story about the depression of cricketer Bruno Tonioli, whose first appearance in the paper led to him being described as "saddled with depression".
Welsh taekwondo fighter Lauren Williams says the pressure of being part of the British squad for the Rio Olympics has helped her improve since winning bronze at the European Championships.
Anthony Joshua has been given until the end of the month to arrange a fight with WBA heavyweight champion Luis Ortiz.
Nigeria's Football Federation (NFF) headquarters in Abuja have been cordoned off by police amid a power struggle between rival factions of the governing body.
Northern Ireland's curlew has been added to the RSPBNI's list of birds of conservation concern.
Burnley midfielder Michael Keane has been called into the England Under-21 squad to replace the injured Scott Johnson.
French writer Michel Houellebecq has won the Goncourt Prize for fiction for his latest book, The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has been killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in east London.
France's Alexander Levy leads the BMW Masters by one shot after a rain-affected second round of 64 at Wiesbaden.
The former Battersea Power Station in south-east London has gone on the market for the first time.
Two Afghan soldiers have been killed in an insider attack on a Nato vehicle in southern Afghanistan, the Nato-led coalition says.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend will reveal his first Scotland squad for the summer tour of Australia and Fiji on Saturday.
Port Vale manager Graham Smurthwaite says he expects to see interest from Championship clubs in the January transfer window in the form of goalkeeper Will Smith.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in Colombia, the country's air force says.
Growth in China's manufacturing sector slowed to its weakest pace in more than two years in July, according to a closely watched survey.
Roma missed the chance to go top of Serie A as Armando Izzo scored an own goal in injury-time as they lost 1-0 at Genoa, leaving Juventus four points clear at the top.
A ceremony has been held at the Russian embassy in London to honour British sailors who served in World War II.
Four men have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a member of the security forces in Craigavon, County Armagh.
Broadway star Lily Allen has topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row with her latest release.
Human remains found on a motorway slip road in Shropshire have been identified as a man, police have said.
The number of suspected cases of cholera in Haiti has risen to more than 7,000, the country's Health Ministry has said.
The Conservatives are scrapping free school meals for infant pupils in the first three years of primary school.
The UK economy shrank by 0.1% in the first quarter of this year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's comments about the Chinese government's handling of the state visit of President Xi Jinping to the UK last year have been made public for the first time.
Wrexham have appointed former Wrexham midfielder Dean Keates as their new manager.
A Stirlingshire man who admitted trying to supply herbal cannabis worth more than Â£50,000 has been jailed for six months.
As part of the BBC's So I Can Breathe series, people have been sharing their ideas on how to improve the air around them.
An 11-year-old musician from Indonesia has made history by being nominated for a Grammy Award at New York's Jazz at Lincoln Center.
A woman in her 40s has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
Northern Ireland's first and deputy first ministers have joined forces to campaign for compensation for victims of the Thalidomide scandal.
The European Space Agency's (ESA) Rosetta probe has made a stunning new discovery about the comet 67P.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is facing a growing backlash from fellow Republicans after he made obscene comments about groping women in a 2005 videotape.
A South African woman who has been accused of defrauding the family of Oscar Pistorius has been refused bail after appearing in court in Port Elizabeth, South Africa.
Former world number one Tomic said he was "bored" after losing to Alexander Zverev in the second round of Wimbledon, saying he does not respect the sport enough.
A court in Brazil has ordered Barcelona to pay 1.5m euros ($1.8m; Â£1.1m) to settle a long-running dispute over the transfer of Brazilian footballer Neymar.
As the Queen celebrates her 90th birthday, former Cuban President Fidel Castro celebrates his 90th.
A 15-year-old boy has been assaulted in what police believe may have been a "honour-based" attack in Blackburn.
Author David Silberman has won the £20,000 Samuel Johnson Prize for non-fiction for his book about the impact of autism on the human brain.
Alex Danson has been named in the Great Britain squad for the EuroHockey Championships against the Netherlands after returning from injury.
A man has been arrested in connection with a series of "suspicious" fires in Wiltshire.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has spoken of the moment his mother found out he was a member of the IRA.
People living in Northern Ireland are returning home from the EU referendum after the result of the vote in the Republic of Ireland.
A man who admitted causing the death of a County Armagh woman in a head-on crash has been given a two-year suspended prison sentence.
Two Syrian men have been found guilty of the death of Alan Kurdi, who drowned trying to cross to Greece from Turkey last year.
South African scrum-half Rynard van Rooyen says the prospect of playing in the new Pro12 could help South African rugby union teams compete in Europe.
Israel says it did not intend to harm civilians in the Gaza Strip during the 2014 war with Hamas, but did so as a result of "incidental effects of legitimate military action", a report says.
It has not been a good week for the mood in the Germany camp ahead of Monday's Euro 2016 match against Scotland.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says his fight with Juergen Braehmer is a "must-win" for him as he bids to become the first Welshman to win a world title.
A collection of 37 paintings owned by Sir Winston Churchill have been donated to the nation by his widow.
On the third anniversary of the Manchester Arena attack, people are still coming to terms with the horror of what happened.
A woman has been hit over the head with a crowbar during an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
Tinie Tempah, one of the UK's best-known grime and hip-hop artists, has returned to his old home of Plumstead, London, to record his third album, Youth.
Aquascutum, one of the UK's best-known brands of trench coats, is being put up for sale.
Dozens of people have taken advantage of a cash machine glitch in North Lanarkshire, which paid out double the amount of money they had requested.
The University of Aberdeen has apologised to staff and students for the inconvenience caused by the closure of a building after asbestos was found in the building.
Jersey's bid to join Uefa has been rejected by the governing body of European football's governing body.
The government has announced plans to double the number of doctor training places in England by 2020.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Saracens moved up to second in the Premiership table with a bonus-point win over Bath.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed Sam Kashket from League One rivals Leyton Orient for an undisclosed fee and Southampton defender Ryan Gape on loan.
As the EFL returns to the top flight for the first time since the end of the 2015-16 season, BBC Sport takes a look at some of the managers who have returned to their old clubs for a second time.
A woman who lost more than £300,000 after being "lovebombed" by a man she met on a dating website has spoken of the "horrendous" ordeal.
Japan's Supreme Court has ruled that women do not have the right to change their surnames after marriage.
Ospreys captain Ken Owens says he is hopeful the Pro12's winning streak will continue after Scarlets suffered their first defeat of the season.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Chris Read says the Outlaws are aiming to reach the One-Day Cup Finals Day final for the first time since 2006.
Strictly Come Dancing star Ore Oduba has told Newsbeat he was struggling with depression at the start of the year.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is searching for the perfect running mate as he heads towards the November election.
Afghanistan's opium poppy cultivation has increased by more than 10% in the last year, according to new figures.
The Supreme Court has ruled that parents should not be allowed to take children on holiday during the school term.
The former partner of a woman jailed in the 1990s over allegations of child sex abuse by ex-Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath has said she has no knowledge of any misconduct on his part.
A new report has recommended a one year deferral period for blood donations from gay and bisexual men who have had sex with another man.
Saracens have signed England centre Calum Clark from Premiership rivals Leeds Rhinos for the 2017-18 season.
Greece will hold a referendum on 5 July on whether to accept the terms of an EU-IMF bailout on which it is desperately trying to extricate itself.
It's been a week that's gone by in the annals of English cricket history.
Lancashire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals were dented as rain prevented them from beating Warwickshire.
Rugby union is "medicating with players' health" if plans to cut the Six Nations to six weeks, according to Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Martyn Davies.
A body has been found in the search for missing cyclist Sascha Ruhl, who has been missing for more than 24 hours.
Work has started on a £1.1m project to improve a Victorian cemetery in Wrexham.
Nurses and other health workers could be drafted in to fill roles in the NHS to help deal with the growing shortage of doctors, a report has suggested.
Thousands of people have begun leaving the last rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo, as the evacuation of civilians and their families begins.
At least 140 people have been killed in an attack on a Libyan airbase in the eastern city of Benghazi, the UN says.
How much do you think it would cost to start out on £9,000 of student loans?
Catherine Glass has been appointed to Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet following the resignation of Dawn Powell.
England and Scotland meet for the first time since 1999 in a World Cup qualifier at Wembley on Saturday.
US-Russia relations are "at a low point", US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said.
Cheshire has longed to be part of the government's Northern Powerhouse, but, so far, the county has been left behind in the race for devolution.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in County Antrim.
Somali soldiers from Uganda, Burundian, Kenyan and Ugandan governments are still waiting to be paid their deployment allowance, the BBC has learned.
A man and a teenage girl are due to appear in court in Australia's New South Wales (NSW) state on terrorism-related charges, police have said.
Scientists at Nasa are working on a new material that could be used in space.
A new study has used dogs to combat the spread of E. coli by chasing and disrupting the behaviour of Ring-Billed Gulls.
A rare bird of prey has been found shot dead in Bedfordshire.
Jeremy Corbyn is preparing for the challenge to his leadership of the Labour Party, with thousands of new members joining the party in the run-up to the election.
Police have said they may use extra powers to stop and search fans during the Champions League final match in Cardiff on Saturday.
A Cambodian activist who has spent more than two decades working to protect the country's forests has won the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham came from behind to beat Manchester City and go second in the Premier League table.
The world's poorest countries are the worst places to be a girl, according to a new report by the charity Save the Children.
Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Sunderland Ladies.
British author William Boyd is to write the first official James Bond novel to be published in the UK.
A table tennis player has admitted sending indecent images of himself to a schoolgirl he met at a tournament.
A man has paid more than £1,000 for a pumpkin which he hopes will become the world's heaviest.
McLaren Formula 1 boss Eric Boullier says the team's poor start to the season is "not good enough" to win the world championship.
David Cameron has pledged to double the amount of free childcare for the youngest children in England, as he launched his party's childcare plans.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said Theresa May should take some responsibility for the country's "tolerance of extremism".
Wigan Athletic defender Ben Watson is expected to be out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in the 1-1 draw with Liverpool.
Hundreds of people are queuing up to hear Jeremy Corbyn speak in Chelmsford.
Munster are to be investigated by the Rugby Football Union for potentially breaching concussion management protocols during their European Champions Cup win over Glasgow Warriors.
MSPs are to investigate how returning officers are being paid for their work in the run-up to elections.
Police are investigating the death of a 72-year-old man whose body was found in his home in Saltcoats, South Lanarkshire.
Sophie Sen is a big fan of shopping online.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about his squad, despite a summer of upheaval at Stamford Bridge.
Northern Ireland's environment minister did not lose his executive power by unilaterally approving a plan to limit retail development at Sprucefield, the High Court has heard.
Glamorgan made it two wins from two in the One-Day Cup as they beat Gloucestershire by three wickets in Bristol.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway are to be asked to back a £17.8m flood protection scheme for the River Nith.
Cattle farmers are being offered advice on how to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) entering their herds.
A 92-year-old woman has completed her final London Marathon by walking the whole of the course.
The prime minister has accused Labour of "scaremongering" in a by-election campaign over the future of a hospital in Northamptonshire.
Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston is to step down from all his roles at Rugby Park, the club have announced.
Hundreds of men have attended a conference in Rotherham to discuss how to deal with domestic abuse.
Everton's young players made their Europa League debuts as Krasnodar striker Franck Laborde scored the only goal of the game as the Russian side beat the Toffees at Goodison Park.
Jockey William Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a back injury in a fall.
On 8 May, voters across the UK will go to the polls to choose their new MPs.
Craig Shakespeare says Leicester City's players would "love" to have him in charge of the club long-term.
The SDLP and Alliance Party have said they will be raising the issue of unaccompanied child disappearances with the Health Minister Michelle O'Neill.
Brussels has begun to re-open some of its metro and bus services for the first time since the 13 November attacks in Paris.
The M1 motorway has reopened after an aircraft had to make an emergency landing due to a suspected "fault indication".
Breaking Bad is to be shown on UK terrestrial TV for the first time.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Andy Haldane, has told the TUC that the next interest rate rise is "still some way from being made".
Leicester Speedway have signed a new lease to remain in operation next season, the club's owners have announced.
The number of people living in poverty in the US has fallen for the fourth consecutive year, according to a new report from the US Census Bureau.
Volunteers are being asked to take part in conservation work at a Grade II* listed copper mine in the Lake District.
More than 1,000 Asian girls have been sexually abused in Rotherham in the last two years, the BBC's File on 4 has learned.
Sam Allardyce wants England to start their World Cup qualifying campaign with a win over Slovakia in Trnava on Sunday - but admits it will not be easy.
A man has been arrested in connection with the second rape of a 15-year-old girl at a Birmingham railway station.
The UK will continue to oppose any attempt to create an EU army, the UK's defence secretary has said.
The bodies of all five people on board a helicopter that crashed in north Wales have been found, police have said.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the new leader of the Afghan Taliban, has been killed.
A bike hire scheme which was axed last year has been relaunched.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebel group say they will ask the UN Security Council to set up a mechanism to monitor any ceasefire between the two sides.
A California court has ruled that Madonna did not break the law when she sampled a sample from a 1970s soul track for her hit single Vogue.
Plans for a £50m road to ease congestion in a Carmarthenshire town have been given the go-ahead.
A grand piano once owned by King George III has returned to the Royal Pavilion in Brighton after lying dormant for 20 years.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace in more than two years in the three months to the end of September, official figures have shown.
Blackberry has unveiled a smaller version of its flagship smartphone, the Z30, in a bid to boost sales in the UK and Middle East.
A collection of previously unseen photographs of the late British film director David Attenborough are expected to fetch up to £50,000 when they go up for auction.
A witness in the Surjit Singh Chhokar murder trial has been told to apologise to his QC after accusing him of lying.
Ed Miliband has vowed to "put a stop" to the "epidemic" of zero-hours contracts, in a speech on the economy.
When Peter Hutchison agreed to sell his majority shareholding in Motherwell to fans for £1, he did not expect it to take so long to complete.
Police investigating the murder of a teenage girl who went missing in Blackpool 10 years ago are to make a fresh appeal for information about her disappearance at the home of the Lancashire County football team.
Regulated rail fares have risen by 0.5% in the year to the end of September, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has announced.
The Ministry of Defence has launched a new programme to improve the care of injured military veterans, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University is commissioning a series of portraits of women and ethnic minorities to appear on its walls.
Derbyshire director of cricket Dougie Wilson says his side will return for next season despite missing out on the T20 Blast Finals Day.
England manager Stuart Sampson says he believes his team would have won a gold medal at this summer's Olympics if they had qualified for the Games in Rio.
Spotlight has won best picture at the New York Film Critics' Choice Awards for the second year in a row.
Bristol poet Owen Sheers has won the book of the year award at the Literature Wales Book of the Year awards.
Ben Duckett and Rory Bell-Drummond are capable of playing international cricket, according to former England head coach Andy Flower, after they shared a record-breaking partnership in the T20 Blast tri-series.
I have been collecting Indian matchbox labels for the last few years and have amassed a collection of about 25,000.
Athletes at the Olympics and Paralympics have been leaving red circles on their bodies to help with aches and pains.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has said he is confident the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead as planned on Sunday.
Oscar-winning actress Michelle Dockery is to star in a new production of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse, starring Dominic West.
Stoke City striker Ramadan Sobhi has been left out of Egypt's provisional squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage at this year's event, which will feature a headline slot for the first time.
A gas explosion that killed a man and caused "complete devastation" to his home was "like an airstrike", an inquest has heard.
It's JK Rowling's 90th birthday today and she is celebrating by baking a special cake to celebrate her birthday.
Venezuelan police are investigating the looting of shops in the north-eastern state of Sucre as part of an attempt to tackle growing shortages of food and medicine.
A letting agency for homeless people in London has been paying a charity more than £2.1m in benefits a year, the BBC has found.
Captain Greig Laidlaw says Scotland will need to be on top form if they are to beat France in Paris on Saturday.
For many same-sex couples in Australia, the idea of getting married is a dream come true.
South Korean opposition parties have ended a filibuster in parliament which lasted for more than 60 hours, setting a new world record.
The BBC has been finding out who's going to be the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and who will be the next Prime Minister.
The Royal Mint is offering free commemorative coins to new parents to mark the birth of their child on Prince George's first birthday.
Japan and South Korea have held their first face-to-face talks since the end of last year.
England manager Roy Hodgson fears midfielder Michael Carrick could be out for the rest of the season after suffering a "severely twisted" ankle in the friendly win over Spain.
An inquest into the death of Alice Gross, whose body was found in woodland in west London in September last year, will focus on how the teenager's killer came to be in the UK, a pre-inquest hearing has heard.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) has emerged as one of the most powerful militant groups in North Africa.
An MP has reclaimed a toy lost in the Palace of Westminster after it was reunited with its owner following a search on Mumsnet.
A US judge in California has ordered police to use a fingerprint sensor to unlock the iPhone of a woman suspected of possessing child pornography.
Ronny Deila insists Celtic still have an opportunity to reach the Europa League knockout stages despite going down to Ajax on Wednesday.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
WBA world bantamweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against Mexico's Jesus Rosas on 29 April.
So what did Mark Carney mean when he said he would extend his stay in office until 2021?
The Liverpool Care Pathway (LCP) is likely to be scrapped, a review of end-of-life care in England is to recommend.
A man who was stabbed to death in his bedroom was the victim of a "chaosful" and "chaotic" night out, a court has heard.
Russian computer hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty by a US jury of running a credit card fraud and identity theft scheme.
A kitten has been stabbed to death in what the RSPCA has described as a "shocking and completely senseless" attack.
A 75-year-old pelican that has lived in New Zealand for more than 40 years has been put to sleep.
The proportion of top A-level grades won by boys has risen for the first time in three years, according to the results of this year's exams.
A measles outbreak at a Neath Port Talbot nursery has prompted a warning to parents to get their children vaccinated.
Macedonia's President Nikola Ivanov has dissolved the country's government after months of political turmoil.
A re-enactment to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo has taken place in London.
The inquiry into the death of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko has heard the only credible explanation for his death is that the Russian state was involved.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has failed to address the "severe funding pressures" in England's schools in his Autumn Statement, head teachers have said.
The "archaic practice" of identifying pupils who qualify for free school meals by fingerprint has to end, an assembly member has said.
Scientists say they have made progress in the fight against HIV by giving people a cocktail of specially engineered antibodies to combat the virus.
The police watchdog is to investigate claims officers failed to properly restrain a prisoner who lost three fingers in custody, the BBC understands.
Young people in Ivory Coast are expected to start their own businesses by the age of 20.
Gillingham have had a bid for Luke N'Gala turned down by Dover Athletic after Fifa players' transfer rules were broken.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley wants to keep top scorer Kane Hemmings at Tannadice, despite speculation linking the striker with a move away from Dens Park.
The Royal British Legion is launching a campaign to challenge perceptions of who it is that people think of when they think of Remembrance.
Linlithgow Rose came from behind to beat Ross County and reach the Scottish Cup quarter-finals for the first time in the competition's history.
The second instalment of The Conjuring has topped the US and Canada box office in its first weekend of release, beating Warcraft to the top spot.
Broadway star Lord Lloyd Webber has defended the price of West End musical tickets, saying they are "immensely reasonable".
A student is to present his idea for an app that could help save the lives of people caught up in natural disasters.
Glamorgan's David Miller and Jacques Rudolph both hit half-centuries as they beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast.
It's been a year the world could have done without.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found at a house in Bridgend county.
Police in France are continuing to search for the main suspect in the Paris attacks, who have now been identified as Cherif and Said Kouachi.
The Duke of Edinburgh will step down from royal duties in August, Buckingham Palace has announced.
A housing association has announced plans to demolish two council flats in Shoreline, County Londonderry.
A man was shot in the leg after being mistaken for a drug dealer during a burglary at his home, a court has heard.
When Taylor Swift released her first album, Safe & Sound, last year, it was the number one song on Spotify's playlists.
McLaren's Jenson Button says he is "doubting" the safety of the new track in Baku ahead of this weekend's Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
The chief minister of the Indian capital, Delhi, is continuing his sit-in protest against what he sees as the government's failure to do enough to tackle corruption.
Gangs are increasingly using encrypted mobile phones to carry out criminal activity, according to police in Scotland.
Tickets for BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out within 24 hours of going on sale.
Lance Armstrong says he would probably "probably" do it all again if he was racing again, but would not do it as a professional cyclist.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his players are in a "fantastic position" as they prepare for their Euro 2016 match against Russia.
Isle of Man motorcyclist Martin McGuinness is one of the fastest riders in the world, but how does he do it?
Sussex's Jake Wells says he is aiming for bigger and better results after a winter in Australia helped him improve his game.
A council has said it would be "madness" to move a 1,000-year-old boulder after it was allegedly hit by a car.
A Go Fund Me campaign to raise money for disabled man John Barnes has raised more than £330,000 for him after he was robbed at knifepoint.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said it will set aside a further £3.1bn to cover claims relating to the 2008 financial crisis, mortgage mis-selling and interest rate hedging.
A rare painting of a 19th Century aristocrat has been bought by the National Trust for £2.1m.
Up to five per cent of bus services in Wales could be withdrawn if the Welsh government cuts the amount of money it pays to subsidise them, it has been claimed.
In the past few weeks, I have been giving the South African legal profession a much-deserved break.
The Turkish government has lifted a ban on Muslim women wearing the Islamic headscarf as part of their police uniform.
Five UK universities have been given provisional accreditation to offer master's degrees in cyber security, the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ has announced.
A man has been jailed for life for the "vile" rape and murder of an 82-year-old woman whose body was found in a pub car park.
Lebanese security forces have used tear gas and water cannon to quell days of violence in the capital, Beirut, and other parts of the country.
The family of a man who lost two teeth after he was punched in the face by a nurse at a residential hospital for people with learning disabilities in Bristol have said they are "shocked" by the scale of abuse at the facility.
Hibernian have completed the signing of goalkeeper David Marciano on a two-year deal.
Legendary Canadian ice hockey player Gordie Howe has died at the age of 87, his family has announced.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has criticised a UK government-funded investment agency for booking 15 flights costing more than £5,000 in the last three years.
A man who spent more than 30 years in jail after being wrongly convicted of a robbery in the 1970s has said he will continue to fight for compensation from the Ministry of Justice.
Plaid Cymru and Labour have said the EU referendum should not be held on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish assembly elections.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick for the second game in a row as Peterborough United beat Rotherham United to move into the League One play-off places.
The father of Jules Bianchi, the Formula 1 driver who suffered life-threatening injuries in a crash at the Russian Grand Prix, has said his son will not give up.
A US-based law firm, Axiom, is to create more than 100 jobs in Belfast as part of an expansion of its operations in Northern Ireland.
Police investigating the theft of a flat-screen television from a house in Bedfordshire are trying to trace a man who made calls using a cordless telephone left in the garden.
Ian Farmer extended his lead at the top of the British Supersport Championship to five points after winning the opening race at the Knockhill meeting on Saturday.
UK retail sales grew at the slowest annual pace in more than two years in May, according to official figures.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the Commonwealth, the UK Foreign Office has said, amid "dismay and disappointment".
A Vale of Glamorgan social worker who failed to visit mentally ill offenders on a regular basis has been banned from the profession for life.
The UK will not begin formal negotiations to leave the European Union immediately, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said.
The US justice department has announced new rules that will mean police will no longer be able to use technology to track mobile phones without a warrant.
The Gambia has cut ties with Cuba, hours before President Yahya Jammeh heads to the country's capital, The Gambia, for the first time since the death of Fidel Castro.
A dog who was removed from the care of his owners in Belfast and taken to the Republic of Ireland has been allowed to return home.
Manchester City have made an offer of £30m for Everton defender John Stones, with the option of a further £40m.
More than 1,000 customers in the Republic of Ireland have been left without power after Storm Barney left thousands of homes and businesses without electricity.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two teenagers were killed in a two-car crash.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend told a friend she would "pay for what she's done" after she dumped him, a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson said he was proud of his players after they came from 2-0 down to beat Newcastle United and keep their Championship survival hopes alive.
The Football League is to trial a new system of two-on-two penalties in the EFL play-offs from the start of next season.
A woman who has been selling poppies to raise money for charity for more than 75 years has died.
A woman has told an inquest into the disappearance of Castlederg teenager Arlene Arkinson how she fought back when she was attacked by serial child killer Robert Howard.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has accepted the terms of a new bailout deal agreed with eurozone creditors, his spokesman has said, hours after the country's parliament voted against it.
There's a general election coming up on 8 June, where adults will vote to decide who will run the UK.
Yorkshire say they would be willing to host a day-night Test match at Headingley in 2017.
A sculpture by Henry Moore is to return to London for the first time in more than 20 years, the Henry Moore Foundation has announced.
A Londonderry man has been warned to "go easy on the paella and cerveza" after he pleaded guilty to a series of motoring offences.
A Miss America contestant has sparked an online backlash after saying healthcare is a "privilege" and a "right" rather than a right and that jobs are more important than health.
YouTube is cracking down on people who are buying fake views on the video-sharing website.
China's first experimental space station will burn up when it re-enters the Earth's atmosphere later this year, Chinese officials have said.
If you are a fan of chicken, you might want to think again.
David Cameron's father Ian has died at the age of 77 after suffering a stroke, Downing Street has announced.
The Syrian government is to begin the evacuation of the last rebel-held district in the central city of Homs, officials say.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says his players are hungry for more success after winning the European Champions Cup for the first time in their history.
Dickie Bird's statue of his famous middle finger is to be raised to make it more difficult for drunken revellers to hang items from it.
Nine former supermarket bosses have joined a growing chorus of retailers warning that prices will rise if the UK leaves the European Union.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United for the first time since leaving the club at the end of last season.
Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira do Samba school has won the Rio de Janeiro carnival title for the second year in a row.
The Welsh government has been accused of not doing enough to encourage investment in green energy, a leading business expert has said.
Diesel has become the first fuel to be cheaper than petrol for the first time in more than a decade, following a series of price cuts by UK supermarkets.
Ireland finished eighth in the European Indoor 1500m Championships in Finland as London 2012 gold medallist James Guy won the League One final for Team GB.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on young people to register to vote in the EU referendum, saying: "Young people can decide your future."
Victims of sex crimes could have the right to challenge decisions by police not to prosecute suspects if Labour wins power, the party has said.
David Chase is a man who loves to tell stories.
The Syrian government has accused the United States and Russia of trying to sabotage efforts to destroy its chemical weapons.
The parents of a six-year-old girl who drowned at a pool party have told an inquest they did not realise there were no lifeguards on duty.
Brett D'Oliveira and Matt Mitchell hit centuries as Worcestershire built a healthy first-innings lead against Derbyshire at New Road.
The Indian government's decision to ban high-denomination currency notes worth 500 and 1,000 rupees ($13.50; Â£8.50) is a risky economic gamble, according to one of the country's leading economists.
Oxford United ended Bradford City's unbeaten start to the season with a 1-0 win at the Kassam Stadium.
Plans to build more than 600 homes on a former industrial estate in East Yorkshire have been rejected by the government.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" for the crucial World Cup match against Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
Thor star Tom Hiddleston has confirmed that he is in a relationship with singer Taylor Swift.
The British government has a legal obligation to provide funding for inquests into the deaths of victims of the Troubles, the Court of Appeal (LCJ) has said.
Nottinghamshire moved off the bottom of the Division One table with a five-wicket victory over Surrey.
Two of the last two journalists to work in Fleet Street have been speaking to the BBC about what it is like to have worked in one of the UK's most famous streets.
A horse surgery in the Isle of Wight has been rated "good" after making "significant improvements" following an inspection, the health watchdog has said.
At Singapore Management University (SMU) in Singapore, a group of students are sitting down for a lecture.
Bayern Munich moved five points clear at the top of the Bundesliga as they beat Stuttgart.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood share the halfway lead at the US Open after the second round as the world's top three missed the cut at Erin Hills.
Mental health services in West Berkshire are to get more support staff trained to work with children and young people with mental health problems.
A new air ambulance service is to be launched in north Wales for the first time, the health secretary has announced.
The husband of an Iranian-British mother-of-two jailed in Iran has told the BBC he is "terrified" ahead of her appeal hearing.
Lee Westwood says he is back to the "stage of his career where he is fully expecting to play well at this week's Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Arsenal Women captain Alex Pritchard has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton, handball and volleyball are among five sports to have had their UK Sport funding cut for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and Paralympics.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Bristol Zoo.
A man's body has been found at the scene of a fire in the Scottish Borders.
A German man has admitted causing the death of a motorcyclist in a crash in Denbighshire.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs.
Blackpool have signed Middlesbrough midfielder Tom Allsop on a season-long loan and Bournemouth striker Callum Cooke on a one-year deal.
All of the reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship matches as Kilmarnock beat Ross County, St Johnstone beat Hamilton Academical and Aberdeen beat Dundee.
Thousands of people have attended Armed Forces Day events in the East of England.
A man is attempting to break the world record for the heaviest egg served up in a chip shop.
A doctor who stole more than £50,000 from his own practice has been jailed for two years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
John Hardie leans back in his chair and shudders as he remembers the horror of his childhood home of Lockhart's Gaff.
Indonesian social media users have taken to social media to express their support for the people of the capital, Jakarta, after a series of bomb attacks in the Indonesian capital.
A County Tyrone-based engineering company, Hutchinson, has announced plans to create 100 new jobs at its Kilrea, County Antrim, site.
A Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana dispensary on its reservation next year.
Conor McGregor says he does not believe Floyd Mayweather will survive the first round of their Las Vegas super-fight after the American was allowed to wear 8oz gloves in Saturday's bout.
Plans to sell off allotment land near Leatherhead and build 500 new homes have been criticised by campaigners.
Belfast Giants have been named in Great Britain's squad for the 2017-18 European Championship in Cortina, Italy.
Broadcaster Bay TV has gone into administration with the loss of 20 jobs, the BBC understands.
Thousands of Togo fans have paid tribute to former national team coach Stephen Keshi, who has died, by playing a friendly match in his honour.
Off-duty police officers have been praised for helping to apprehend a man who tried to steal a woman's handbag in County Londonderry.
A man who was stabbed in a "brutal attack in Salford is "lucky to be alive", Greater Manchester Police have said.
The bodies of all 224 people on board the Russian airliner that crashed in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula last month have been recovered, Russia's defence ministry has said.
Juventus have signed Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata on a season-long loan.
Security holes have been found in a series of internet of things devices, including a teddy bear and a smartwatch, according to researchers.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has found former Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes, including the first conviction for rape as a weapon of war.
When Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt, it was the worst day of her life.
Chelsea have marked their Premier League title celebrations by parading the trophy around the club's stadium for the first time.
Nico Rosberg held off the challenge of Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Mexican Grand Prix and take a huge step towards winning the Formula 1 world title.
It is the kind of legal battle that could shape the future of the UK's relationship with the European Union.
When the National Living Wage was introduced last year, the Seachill fish and chip shop in Burnley, Lancashire, was one of the first to embrace the new pay and benefits system.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of taking part in an unauthorised rally near the Kremlin on Russia Day.
Hays, the London-based financial services firm, has said it is "too early to tell" what the impact of the UK's vote to leave the European Union will have on its business.
Samsung has added ad-blockers to the default web browser on its Android operating system.
US consumer confidence has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years, according to a new report.
Two brothers who sexually abused two young boys in a "prolonged" and "horrific" attack have been granted lifelong anonymity.
Eight people have been arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse offences following a police crackdown ahead of England's opening match at Euro 2016.
The Welsh Government is being urged to encourage more people to cycle or walk to work in a bid to save money and improve health.
Five men have been charged with a series of offences including possession of a bladed article with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon, police have said.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson is hopeful that Jacob Butterfield and Jacob Olsson will be fit to face Brighton & Hove Albion in the Championship opener on Saturday.
Kyle Edmund will make his Davis Cup debut for Great Britain when they take on Serbia's Janko Tipsarevic in Friday's first-round tie in Newport, Rhode Island.
Sam Tomkins says he would love to return to Wigan Warriors at some point in the future.
Wigan Warriors moved up to second in the Super League table with a thumping victory over struggling Salford Red Devils at the DW Stadium.
A Sinn Féin councillor who is to leave her job as a teacher after being subjected to a campaign of "sectarian intimidation" has said she has received a "campaign of sectarian intimidation".
Scientists have worked out how sandstone arches like the Eiffel Tower and Stonehenge are formed.
The Met Office has issued its first high wind warning of the season, with Storm Abigail expected to bring gusts of up to 80mph.
Whole brain radiotherapy is not the best treatment for lung cancer, according to a study published in the Lancet.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's player of the season.
Ricky Burns is the only opponent Robbie Taylor wants in his sights before he fights for a world title in Glasgow next month.
Aberdeen have signed Preston North End striker Stevie May on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Clashes between Saudi security forces and Shia protesters in a town in the country's eastern province of Eastern Province have left dozens of people dead, activists say.
Turkey has launched a counter-attack on positions of so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Syrian town of Jarablus, near the border with Syria.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she will take responsibility for the party's loss of seats in the general election.
A woman has found the final piece of gold treasure hidden in a velvet bag at the Scunthorpe Art Centre.
The family of a teenage soldier whose body was found dead at Deepcut Barracks have called for her body to be exhumed ahead of an inquest into her death.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of murdered teenager Paige Doherty.
A new search and rescue helicopter team has completed its first search-and-rescue mission in just seven minutes.
Sport Ireland chief executive Jim Treacy has said he has "major concerns" over how the sport is being run.
The daughter of British aid worker Alan Haines, who was killed in the so-called Islamic State (IS) beheading video, has called for airstrikes to be used against the militant group.
Warwickshire reached the One-Day Cup semi-finals for the first time in three seasons as Matt Trott hit a career-best century to help his side beat Essex by eight wickets.
Haiti's interim President Jean-Louis Privert has stepped down after just 120 days in office, the country's Senate has announced.
The flight data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed in the Mediterranean has been recovered from the sea off the Egyptian coast, investigators say.
The UK will not be able to tackle terrorism on its own, the home secretary has said.
The UK's Supreme Court has ruled that the government's decision to cut the number of discrimination cases in England and Wales is unlawful.
A goalkeeper in Iran has been banned from the country's national team for six months after wearing trousers in the colours of the US cartoon character SpongeBob.
Lindsey Vonn won the women's World Cup super-G for a record-equalling third time in a row to extend her lead at the top of the slalom standings.
A warning has been issued to hoverboard owners after two devices caught fire in London in less than a month.
Scotland and Ireland will begin their World Twenty20 campaigns against Hong Kong and Oman respectively on the opening day of action on Tuesday.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea will be shown live on BBC One.
The owners of a hotel where a chef was seriously injured after falling off a balcony have been fined for failing to properly maintain it.
Sir Vince Cable, the former business secretary, is leading an online university course on economics and politics, which will be available for free on the Open University's new online university network.
A council has backed down over plans to close a public swimming pool in a bid to save money.
The family of a man who was murdered nine years ago have said they have "no faith in the justice system" after learning he will be released from prison after just nine years.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits producer, has reported a fall in Scotch whisky sales in the year to the end of September.
More than 2,500 people living on the Chagos Islands have handed in a petition to the UK government calling for them to be allowed to return home.
Ben Affleck says he is "thrilled" to be starring alongside Matt Damon in the Oscar-nominated drama, Manchester by the Sea.
Somali pirates have released a Sri Lankan oil tanker seized off the north-eastern region of Puntland without paying a ransom, officials say.
The case of a young Muslim girl who ended up in the care of a Muslim family in east London has sparked a debate about whether foster carers from minority ethnic backgrounds are being discriminated against.
The brother of a man killed in a fire at the Glenfada Park Museum in west Belfast has said it shows "total disrespect" for the victims of the Troubles.
A street where thousands of drivers have been fined for entering a restricted area is to be made available to the public for the first time in more than two years.
BMW has reported a sharp rise in first-quarter profits, helped by the value of its 15% stake in the German mapping technology firm, Here.
Optimism is linked with a reduced risk of dying early in life, according to a study of healthy women in the US.
Budget airline Flybe has announced it will begin operating flights between Edinburgh and Durham Tees Valley Airport.
The man accused of carrying out a deadly attack on a Florida airport baggage claim has been charged with all five counts of first-degree murder.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than two years in the final three months of last year, according to official figures.
Scientists from the British Geological Survey and University College London have mapped the huge amount of water stored in underground aquifers across Africa.
Charlton boosted their play-off hopes with a deserved victory at 10-man Bolton.
Glasgow Warriors have signed two new long-term contracts, with Scotland Under-20 internationals Alex Rae and Simeon Bhatti joining the Pro12 club next season.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's three-Test tour of South Africa after being ruled out for the rest of the season with a broken leg.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of south and mid Wales after days of heavy downpours.
Wimbledon is one of the biggest tournaments in the world - the men's singles and women's singles are played every year in the same week.
A fire on a double-decker bus in North Ayrshire is being treated as suspicious after it burst into flames.
The UK's cities face "significant economic challenges" as a result of the country's departure from the European Union, according to a study.
The mayor of a Sicilian seaside town has appealed for help in evacuating hundreds of people from the burning slopes of Mount Vesuvius as wildfires continue to rage across Italy.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been officially installed as the first female bishop of the Church of England.
President: Alassane Ouattara
Technology is changing the way we go to events, according to Cvent, a London-based event management company.
Ospreys held Newport Gwent Dragons to a hard-fought Pro12 derby win despite playing on a muddy pitch at Rodney Parade.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Geeta Pandey looks at the history of Indian brand names.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop selling cars in India as part of a plan to cut costs and take a charge of $500m (Â£353m) in the second quarter of 2017.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Hibernian midfielder Scott Graham on a pre-contract agreement.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for many players in the Premier League.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier in a "despicable" attack outside a Pembrokeshire bar.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have visited the Brixton Pound market during a visit to the London borough.
More than 400 whales stranded on a New Zealand beach are being refloated after getting stranded by a receding tide.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans to turn out in force for Sunday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey made it two wins from two in the County Championship this season with a three-wicket victory over Warwickshire at The Oval.
Three teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of terrorism offences have been released without charge, Scotland Yard has said.
Two Welsh police forces have been rated "inadequate" in a report by the police watchdog.
The government is in talks with academy chains about taking over schools in Birmingham where there are concerns about extremism, the BBC understands.
Galatasaray have signed Morocco international forward Djibril Belhanda from French Ligue 1 side Dynamo Kiev on a season-long loan from Atlas Lions.
A man who was jailed for sending a "menacing" tweet to his Twitter followers after an airport was closed has launched an appeal against his conviction.
Is it possible to have a boss who you do not need to ask permission from?
Passengers had to run out on to the wing before being evacuated from a passenger jet because of a series of failures, an accident report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa next month.
A hospital in Londonderry has said it is "very sorry" after a mobile operating theatre used for eye operations had to be shut down due to technical issues.
A court in Germany has begun hearing evidence in the trial of a group accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks on asylum seekers and refugees.
The Welsh Government's EU funding has not had an impact on economic development, the Welsh Secretary has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over the Scottish town of Lockerbie.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video apparently showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian and Roman artefacts in Iraq.
Flooding across parts of the UK has forced thousands of people to leave their homes after days of rain and high winds.
TalkTalk, the UK's biggest mobile phone provider, has reported a sharp fall in annual pre-tax profits for the three months to 31 March.
Heineken has been told to submit plans to address competition concerns over its planned takeover of Punch Taverns.
A new £1.5m research centre has opened at the University of Aberdeen to help the oil and gas industry develop new technologies.
Sunderland midfielder Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season because of an ankle injury.
Two men have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court for their part in one of Northern Ireland's largest organised crime operations.
BBC News School Report is one of the BBC's biggest and most popular programmes for 11 to 16-year-olds across the UK.
An Iron Age fort in the Vale of Glamorgan may have a more colourful past than previously thought, archaeologists have said.
A gun has been used to fire at a police car parked outside a police station in west Belfast.
Hundreds of people are taking part in a march to mark the last day of work for Kids Company, the children's charity that was forced to close last week.
President: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been accused of paying a "one-sided bargain" of up to £6m to run a park-and-ride service which has now ended.
Up to 200,000 children could be living in poverty by the end of next year as a result of changes to benefits, say child poverty campaigners.
Scotland's skills system needs to adapt to cope with the challenges of the future, according to a new report.
A US military court has sentenced a former Guantanamo Bay detainee to life in prison for his role in the 1998 bombings of US embassies.
Cardiff City have signed Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris for an undisclosed fee.
The Hinkley Point nuclear power station project is not only one of the most important infrastructure projects in the UK's history.
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan and Wales international cricketer who has been found dead at his home in Cardiff.
The United States has confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of so-called Islamic State (IS), has been killed in a drone strike in Syria.
Bolton Wanderers have signed midfielder Scott Hogan on a two-year deal after he was released by Bolton Wanderers.
Doncaster Rovers moved into the League Two play-off places thanks to a second-half brace from Scott Williams against fellow promotion hopefuls Blackburn Rovers.
Nottingham Forest chairman David Collymore has pulled out of the running to take charge of the Championship club.
Widnes Vikings say they are happy to continue playing on an artificial pitch despite reports of players being injured during their match against Warrington Wolves on Saturday.
Keynsham town centre could get a £33m facelift as part of a council's plan to save £2.6m over the next five years.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A veteran bagpipes player has been found guilty of pretending to be a charity busker to raise money for the families of the 96 Hillsborough disaster victims.
Probation officers in England and Wales are failing to do enough to help offenders who do unpaid work, a report has found.
Rory Best will captain the British and Irish Lions in Tuesday's second Test against the Hurricanes in Wellington.
Adele's latest single, Hello, has become the most-streamed song of the year after it was released in the UK on Friday.
Police searching for a man who has been missing for more than a month have said the search for him has been "difficult and challenging".
Talks aimed at ending a long-running dispute between Durham County Council and teaching assistants have taken place in a bid to resolve the dispute.
Welsh Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said the general election offers an opportunity for "harmonious co-existence" between Wales and Scotland.
Arctic scientists are warning of a "dramatic" and "unprecedented" decline in the region's ice cover.
A Muslim Muslim man who became the first Muslim man in the UK to marry a straight Muslim man has said he has received death threats since his wedding.
Cornwall will face Cheshire in the County Championship final for a second successive season after beating Surrey in the semi-finals at Twickenham.
A virtual reality version of the Alice in Wonderland books has been launched in Llandudno, Conwy county.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two councils in West Sussex have accused the government of a "sham" plan to improve a stretch of road in the county.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa boss Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years by the sport's world governing body.
Archaeologists have discovered a "square megalithic monument" inside a Neolithic stone circle in Wiltshire.
A woman has been left with life-changing injuries after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Cardiff Devils are capable of winning the Elite League title this season, according to head coach Craig Bowns.
A boy who developed a rare form of narcolepsy after being given a flu vaccine has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands this weekend following the deaths of five men who drowned after getting into difficulty in the sea.
Police in Wales are investigating reports of people dressing up as clowns in an attempt to "frighten others intentionally".
A former IRA bomb victim's lawyer has won the right to challenge a request by the PSNI to obtain interviews he gave to the US university of Boston College.
Cardiff City midfielder Bruno Ecuele Manga is expected to return to training this week after being diagnosed with malaria.
Wolves moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Cambridge United thanks to goals in each half at Molineux.
UKIP Wales leader Nathan Gill has had his fair share of criticism from within and outside his own party.
A motorcyclist who died in a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
The number of insects in the UK could be heading towards extinction, according to a new report.
For David Cameron, the decision to take military action against so-called Islamic State in Syria has been a long time coming.
At least 11 people have been wounded in a shooting outside a bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, police say.
Sony has confirmed that it is to stop production of its best-selling e-book, the PRS-T3, at the end of the year.
Israel has said it will remove metal detectors from a key holy site in Jerusalem after days of protests over the installation of the devices at the site.
The Welsh government is to hold a summit on Monday to discuss how to improve the resilience of Wales to flooding.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte believes there are five teams in the Premier League title race who can win the title this season.
A police dog that attacked a man in Cumbria has been put down, the force has said.
Eugene, an artificially intelligent chatbot, has passed the "Turing Test" for the first time during a series of five-minute conversations, the BBC has learned.
Six Scottish swimmers have been selected in Team GB's swimming squad for the Rio Olympics.
Egyptian judo player Hadi El Shehaby refused to shake the hand of his opponent in the men's -57kg judo final at the Rio Olympics, despite being challenged for refusing to do so.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved off the foot of the Premiership with a deserved victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of the fastest-growing economies in Africa, and is the continent's most densely-populated country.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed technology that can detect clues to the progression of Alzheimer's disease in living brain tissue.
Johanna Konta says she is not fazed by suggestions she is favourite to win Wimbledon for the first time.
The roll-out of smart meters in the UK has been delayed for a third time.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has voted against a motion calling for a reduction in the maximum penalty for parking offences from £90 to £45.
A Conservative activist who helped compile a dossier on bullying in the party's youth wing has said it was given to the chairman of Conservative Party chairman Lord Feldman.
A lifeboat has been called out to help a sinking fishing boat off the Gwynedd coast.
St Ronan's College won the Ulster Schools' Football Championship Division Two title for the first time in their history with a 1-19 to 0-13 victory over St Mary's Magherafelt at the Dub.
Two high-resolution Earth-observing cameras have been successfully attached to the International Space Station (ISS).
A school pupil from a poor family in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has become the country's school exams topper.
An urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols is to be carried out after the deaths of three fishermen who died when their crab boat sank.
A team of archaeologists has used satellite imagery to map some of the most important archaeological sites in Egypt, including the burial cairn of the pharaonic pharaoh Tutankhamun.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the discovery of a woman's body.
Miranda, BBC One's award-winning romantic comedy, has drawn to a close with its final episode, which was the most-watched of the year.
When Apple showed off its new smartwatch at its event in San Jose, California, last month, it was widely expected to be the company's most anticipated event of the year.
A Scottish sea salt company has signed a new distribution deal with Sainbury's.
"What are the rules and regulations for hosting a mouse race" is among the most bizarre calls made to councils in England and Wales, according to the Local Government Association.
The owner of a rare painting of the coronation of King George III has said he is trying to find out how it ended up in a County Durham park.
Plans for a McDonald's to open a restaurant in an Aberdeenshire town have been given the go-ahead despite a campaign group's objections.
The number of mentally ill people being taken to A&E departments instead of being detained in police cells has risen by 20% in the last year, a leading doctor has said.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is looking forward to a return to competitive golf next year but wants to do it pain-free.
As Cardiff City prepare to host Real Madrid in the Champions League final at the Principality Stadium for the first time in the competition's history, former Wales captain Terry Yorath says it would be "fantastic" if his old club Leeds United were in the stands.
The NBA is to launch an e-sports league that will allow players to compete in a real-life version of the NBA 2K series.
Theresa May has refused to say whether she knew about a misfire in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system before the Commons voted to replace them.
It has been a year of sporting history in which Andy Murray has become the first British man to reach the top of the world rankings.
Scott Sinclair has signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract with Aston Villa after impressing on loan from Manchester City.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Criterium du Dauphine for the third time in four years as he held on to take the overall lead.
Joe Esposito, one of Elvis Presley's closest friends, has died at the age of 83, his family has announced.
(Close): Shares in British Airways owner IAG and Easyjet were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 after the airline group reported a sharp fall in trading on Monday.
One of the last flying Lancasters due to take to the Bournemouth Air Festival has been forced to make an emergency landing.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting and raping a 12-year-old girl.
The number of people declared homeless by councils in England has risen by more than a third in the last five years, according to new figures.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says it would be a "tragedy" if Tottenham do not win the Premier League title this season.
How much would you pay to see your favourite band or singer perform live in your town or city?
Microsoft has revealed details of a new collection of Halo games that will be released for the Xbox One next year.
The news of the death of British DJ Calvin Harris has led to an outpouring of tributes from around the world.
Home Secretary Theresa May is being urged to ban two US right wing extremists from attending an event marking Armed Forces Day next month.
US President Barack Obama has said he told Donald Trump it is "really important" to send "signals of unity" to minority groups following the bitter US election campaign.
A passenger train has derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, killing at least 39 people and injuring more than 100, officials say.
Glamorgan have announced the dates of their 2017 T20 Blast group matches for the first time.
Former TV presenter Caroline Gallacher has been charged with drink-driving.
A police officer has told an inquest of the "absolute carnage" of the night of a nightclub crush in which two young women were killed.
A woman has been raped and her child taken from a car in what police have described as a "very traumatic ordeal".
Former world number one Ali Carter says he is "lucky to be alive" after losing to John Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship because of his Crohn's disease.
A woman who wrote a blog about her battle with a brain tumour has died days before her wedding.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed after the European Central Bank (ECB) held interest rates at a record low of 0.5%.
A giant sinkhole has opened up in the middle of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in the build-up to the start of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup.
Cardiff City were held to a draw by Brentford at Griffin Park.
The head of skiing's governing body has apologised for comparing a potential Russian ban from the 2018 Winter Olympics to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been questioned by Peruvian police after being arrested for posing naked at Machu Picchu in the Peruvian capital, Lima.
The number of people killed in explosions at a chemical warehouse in China's port city of Tianjin on Friday has risen to more than 1,000, Chinese state media report.
The use of unqualified teachers in England's schools is putting children's education at risk, says a teachers' union.
A 19-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows area of Edinburgh city centre.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he will "reach out" to Labour MPs who have opposed his leadership, if he is re-elected.
Europe is made up of a mix of hunter-gatherers from the Steppe, Middle East and the Caucasus, a study suggests.
A shop owner has said she is considering changing its name after receiving death threats because of its association with the so-called Islamic State.
Gordonstoun School has said it is "shocked and saddened" by new claims of historical abuse at the school.
Labour will commit to a "clear plan" for rail renationalisation if it wins power in the next general election, Jeremy Corbyn has said.
The mother of a schoolgirl who went missing from her Eastbourne school has spoken out for the first time about her family's "nightmare" ordeal after a teacher took her on a cross-Channel trip.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the third signing of the summer transfer window for France Under-20 international forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Paris St-Germain.
Inflation in the world's second largest economy, China, has risen for the first time in three months, according to official figures.
Fortuna Sittard head coach Samson Oliseh says he is happy with the results of his first season in charge of the Dutch second division side.
All pictures are copyrighted by BBC Scotland.
The fuselage of a former RAF transport aircraft has arrived at its new home after being transported across the country in a lorry.
A couple from Worcestershire have died in separate falls while on holiday in Morocco.
Snowmen in Russia have been playing with giant snowmen and ice sculptures made out of snow.
Guernsey FC have been given until Monday, 24 June to decide if they want to compete in the FA Cup next season.
Marvel Comics co-creator Stan Lee is to get his own film adaptation, according to reports.
A new cyber security group is meeting in Wrexham to share advice on how to stay safe online.
Donations of "everything from dog leads to food, to water" have poured in to help save the lives of dogs that were rescued from a fire in Greater Manchester.
More than half of athletes at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu, South Korea tested positive for banned substances, according to a study published in the World Anti-Doping Agency's journal.
Durham all-rounder James Vince has been named in the England squad for the Twenty20 series against the West Indies and South Africa in Mumbai next month.
A search for the grave of his great great grandfather, whose story inspired the lyrics to a song on a new album, has ended with the discovery of his grave.
The Flying Scotsman is to return to the public for the first time in more than 50 years after being repainted in a new shade of green.
Saracens wing Nick Tompkins has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club, with the option of a further year.
Avengers: Age of Ultron has been named as the theme for this year's Comic-Con in Las Vegas, director Joss Whedon has revealed.
Pupils at Moco-Moco Primary School sit quietly and quietly in their desks, listening to their teacher read out the lesson plans.
The Scottish SPCA has been criticised for euthanising a venomous snake it believed to be one of the deadliest in the world.
A British paedophile has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography and paying to have sex with boys in the United States.
One of the world's biggest sports organisations is making its first foray into China.
At least eight people have died after being found dead in the back of a tractor-trailer outside a Walmart store in San Antonio, Texas.
A police officer who was stabbed in the head during a raid on a house in Staffordshire is to be awarded a bravery medal for his actions.
The maker of Irn Bru, Rubicon and Strathmore bottled water has reported a rise in profits, but said the UK soft drinks market remains "uncertainty" about the future.
A young black man has been shot dead by police in Ferguson, Missouri, on the first anniversary of the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager in the US city.
Madonna has posted pictures of herself wearing a string around her head to promote her new album, Rebel Heart.
Will Grigg scored a late equaliser as League One promotion hopefuls Wigan came from behind to draw with Colchester United.
Charli XCX says she wants to "take over the world" as a songwriter.
Apple and Facebook are to offer US female employees the option of freezing their eggs, in a bid to encourage more women to have children.
Muhammad Ali would have been proud of Wladimir Klitschko as much as any other heavyweight champion of the world, according to former opponent Joe Shavers.
The Bank of England has held interest rates at 0.5%.
The Cleveland Indians and Chicago Cubs will meet again in the best-of-seven World Series on Wednesday night at Wrigley Field.
The Queen has opened the House of Commons by reading out the Queen's Speech, which sets out the government's priorities for the coming year.
The RSPCA should not be allowed to pick and choose its cases to suit its "political and commercial needs", a Welsh MP has said.
Google has published an interactive tour of the International Space Station (ISS) on its Street View service.
Thousands of people have taken to the sea in Tenby for the town's annual Boxing Day swim.
HSBC has appointed the chief executive of Asia's biggest insurer, Alexander Tucker, as its new chairman.
The head of the UN climate change talks in Morocco, John Pershing, has said he is confident that the Paris Agreement can be sustained.
Tom Routledge scored twice as Swansea City beat Charlotte Independence 4-0 in the EFL Cup first round.
An 18-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being left tied up in the back of a nightclub.
The government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in England and Wales by the end of the year.
The government has pledged £1m towards the cost of a memorial to police officers killed in the line of duty.
Craig Whyte scored his first goal of the season as Crusaders maintained their 100% record in the Premiership by beating Linfield at Mourneview Park.
ScotRail has launched a nationwide recruitment drive to create up to 100 new train driver jobs.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he is "categorically" innocent after the FBI accused him of masterminding a multi-billion dollar fraud at state fund 1MDB.
Mae'r ysgol yn Rhagfyr yng Nghymru wedi dweud ei gwestiad yn cael ei defnyddio gan fysiau, yn ôl yr angen.
Pregnant women in Germany are paying thousands of euros to have fake fathers registered, in order to stay in the country and claim asylum, German media report.
The number of fines issued for data breaches in the UK has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to research by PwC.
The Shroud of Turin, the Roman Catholic Church's most famous relic, has gone on show to the public for the first time in the Italian city.
The health secretary has said the idea of charging patients from outside the UK for using the NHS is a "distraction" from the "big challenge" facing the Welsh Government.
North Korea has announced that it has carried out a test of a hydrogen bomb, which it says is capable of striking targets in the United States.
The jury in the trial of former IRA man James McAleer has been discharged after finding him guilty of child sex abuse.
The Scottish government has been accused of carrying out a "sham" consultation on the named person scheme.
Everton midfielder Jake Browning has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further year.
More than 1,000 people in Aberdeen have been invited to take part in a study to find out more about the impact of genes on health.
"I'm afraid to cross the road at night," says David.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Friday, as the S&P 500 and Dow Jones ended the year in positive territory for the first time.
Daimler, the world's biggest carmaker, has reported a 6% rise in second quarter sales to 1.9bn euros ($2.1bn; £1.7bn), helped by sales of its Mercedes-Benz brand.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called on Syria's government to respect the rights of protesters, in his first comments on the conflict in the country.
Nintendo has reported a bigger-than-expected loss for the first quarter of its latest financial year, as sales of its Wii U console continued to lag behind its rivals.
Huddersfield Town boosted their Championship play-off hopes with victory at struggling Burton Albion.
The National Council of Pembrokeshire (NCP) has apologised after workmen daubed the word "I" on to a road sign.
A Scottish aid worker who was abducted and murdered in Pakistan was unlawfully killed, an inquest has heard.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
The High Court in London has ruled in favour of a Pembrokeshire wind farm wind farm project following a judicial review.
A court in China has opened in Hangzhou, the first of its kind in the country to allow people to resolve disputes over the internet, state media report.
South Korean conglomerate Samsung C&T has been approved by shareholders to merge with Cheil Industries, a key part of the Samsung Group.
A £2m statue of a pharaoh is to be auctioned off after a row broke out over who owns it.
Yorkshire will begin their defence of the County Championship title at home to Worcestershire on the opening day of the 2015 season.
A "heavy gambler" murdered his friend before dismembering his body and dumping his head and body parts in a suitcase, a court has heard.
UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives in Cardiff Bay, BBC Wales understands.
Russia's main opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has been found guilty by a Moscow court of conspiracy to commit crimes against the state.
Rangers ended a run of three straight league defeats with an emphatic victory over 10-man Queen of the South at Loftus Road.
Uganda says it will withdraw its troops from South Sudan's capital, Juba, by the end of the month.
Twenty-two air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of a £5m windfall, the chancellor has announced.
A teenager has become the first person to complete a round the Isle of Wight in under two hours.
Championship promotion-chasing Brighton & Hove Albion are hoping to sign a new deal to stay in the Premier League next season, says captain Glenn Sidwell.
A former health board chief executive has called for a "a debate" about how the NHS in Wales pays for cancer drug treatments after her husband's death.
Craig Disley scored the only goal of the game as Grimsby Town ended Forest Green Rovers' unbeaten start to the League Two season with victory.
An attempt to set a new world record for the largest model of a crystal has been completed in Vienna, Austria.
When Kenneth Starr, the man who led the investigation into the Monica Lewinsky affair that led to the impeachment of President Bill Clinton, told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme this week that the former president should not be considered a "scapegoat" in the upcoming presidential election, he had a lot to say in support of his former boss.
Belfast Mayor Jim Hazzard has announced plans to extend bus lanes in parts of the city from seven to seven hours a day.
The UK has a unique opportunity to bring the United States and Europe together, not divide them, but the election of Donald Trump risks doing just the opposite of what the UK should be doing.
Formula 1 bosses have failed to reach an agreement on a new qualifying system for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Scottish qualifier Joe Perry reached the quarter-finals of the UK Championship with a 6-4 win over world number one Stuart Bingham.
Ukrainian and Russian state TV channels have been contrasting their coverage of the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Worcestershire all-rounder Joe Leach and Ed Barnard shared an unbroken century stand to leave Leicestershire on top on day three at Grace Road.
A campaign has been launched in memory of shopkeeper Asad Shah, who was killed by a man who posted an Easter message on Facebook.
Spotify, the world's biggest music-streaming service, has announced a raft of new music and non-music content for its app.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has urged Simon Mignolet to learn from his mistakes after the goalkeeper made a string of errors in the draw with Arsenal.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating a Pringles sandwich on a budget airline flight.
An ex-serviceman who wrote a children's book about life in the armed forces is to have his work adapted for the big screen.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson secured her place at this summer's Rio Olympics by finishing second at the European Indoor Championships in the long jump.
Jeremy Corbyn, the Labour Party's new leader, has described Donald Trump as "the most authentic politician I've ever seen" - and Donald Trump, the president-elect of the United States, as the "most authentic politician in history".
Southampton have signed left-back Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has said it is "appalled" by a group of Welsh members calling for the resignation of the party's only Welsh member of the assembly.
Australian investigators are examining maintenance records of the pilot of a plane that crashed in Melbourne, killing all five people on board, in the state's worst aviation disaster in 30 years.
A 94-year-old former Nazi SS soldier who was sentenced to life in prison in Germany for the 1944 murders of a Jewish family in the Netherlands has been released after losing an appeal against his life sentence.
A Palestinian woman whose husband and son were killed in a firebomb attack on their home in the West Bank village of Duma has died of her injuries, Palestinian officials say.
Ahead of the first anniversary of the election of Donald Trump as US president, the BBC News website takes a look back at some of the most memorable moments of the campaign.
Borrowers are more likely to apply for loans to buy big-ticket items such as a new home or car than to repay their debts, a bank has said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a gang of three men who forced their way into a house in Edinburgh.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
The Scottish government has said it will do all it can to help save the arts venue the Arches in Glasgow.
Lonmin, the world's biggest publicly listed mining company, has announced plans to raise $1.3bn (£1.1bn) in a rights issue aimed at boosting its debt-laden balance sheet.
The mother of a three-year-old boy who has gone missing in Europe has released pictures of him in a bid to find him.
Cornish scrum-half Alex Jones has signed a new two-year contract with Newport Gwent Dragons.
Work is under way at a Grade II-listed railway station to prepare it for the next generation of trains.
North Ferriby United have been relegated from the National League after a 2-0 defeat at Torquay United.
More than 100,000 people who signed a petition calling for a second EU referendum to be held if turnout is less than 75% have had their request considered by the Foreign Office.
The man who murdered Glasgow schoolgirl Paige Doherty has had his minimum life sentence cut by more than a third following an appeal to the Court of Appeal.
Claims of "bribery and intimidation" at polling stations in an east London mayoral election have gone on trial.
The Roald Dahl literary estate has announced plans to revive one of the UK's most successful children's book prizes.
A Somali minister has been shot dead by security forces in a so-called "friendly fire", officials say.
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping the Terriers win promotion to the Premier League.
A man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Eve may have been from Vietnam, an inquest has heard.
A selection of some of the top news stories of the past 24 hours:
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
The Canadian government has launched an inquiry into the deaths of more than 1,000 indigenous women and girls who have gone missing in the country since the 1970s.
Kuwait has released a Kuwaiti-Kuwaiti Muslim cleric who had been held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade, his lawyer says.
A new NHS breast implant registry is being launched in England, which will record the details of all patients who have had surgery to replace faulty implants.
A robot patrolling a shopping centre in San Francisco, California, has crashed into a wall and ended up on its side in the middle of the road.
A man is being sought by police after a 15-year-old girl was sexually assaulted in Bristol.
If you want to be a video game maker, you have to start at the beginning and finish them.
Movistar's Gorka Izagirre won stage five of the Giro d'Italia as Bob Jungels extended his overall lead with victory in a sprint finish to the penultimate stage.
The number of tourists visiting the UK is expected to rise by 9% in the first half of the year, according to new figures.
The Irish foreign minister has said the Irish government has made a request to the Egyptian government for the release of a 21-year-old Irishman on terrorism charges.
An investigation is under way after a flower shop was targeted by scammers pretending to be a TalkTalk call centre.
A Welsh MP is to introduce a bill to stop lawyers cross-examining alleged rape victims in court about their sexual history.
Lee Durrant has left his role as first-team coach at Rangers after just one season in the role.
Arsenal Ladies will face Manchester City Women in the semi-finals of the Women's Super League Cup.
Cornish Reds head coach Gary Churcher has praised his team's front-row players after their win at home to Chinnor Town.
I'm heading home to Wales for the Cyprus Cup after completing my first full season as a player-manager of Women's Super League One champions Melbourne City.
UKIP has announced the four candidates to become its next leader, with one of them a hardline anti-Islam campaigner.
British number one Johanna Konta has been added to the British women's team for the Aegon Classic in Nottingham next month.
A van Gogh painting has gone on display in Reading, despite claims it is not a work by the Dutch artist.
An exhibition of rare and endangered animals from the Royal Collection has opened at the Prince Regent Gallery in Windsor.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has announced that the rover mission to Mars will now launch in 2020, two years later than planned.
Katie O'Donovan has just completed her first marathon - and it's been a life-changing experience for her.
Gareth Davies hit an unbeaten century as Surrey reached the One-Day Cup final with a five-wicket victory over Yorkshire at Lord's.
French police have ended a major security operation at Paris's Notre-Dame de la Concorde station, one of the country's busiest transport hubs.
Scientists in Japan have created a 3D imaging system that shows how cancer cells spread around the body by turning them green and red.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) as heavy rains continue to batter the southern city.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are going head-to-head in the final weeks of the Democratic race for the presidential nomination.
At least 13 people have been killed in north-eastern Nigeria's Borno state after a bomb exploded during celebrations in the town of Monguno, an MP has said.
As the last few weeks of the current Parliament draw to a close, we take a look at some of the key bills still waiting to be passed before the end of the year.
A two-metre-high, two-tonne concrete monstrosity, made up of dozens of pixelated versions of each other, is the kind of building you would expect to see on the cover of a Chinese novel.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's career has been a rollercoaster.
Microsoft has teamed up with Google and Facebook to help build a high-speed internet cable across the Atlantic.
The Queen has attended the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham for the first time since the Christmas Day service at St Mary's Church of England.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has arrived in Russia for the first time to meet his son, who is awaiting trial in the US on espionage charges.
Scientists have successfully implanted a tiny wireless device deep inside a rabbit's body.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Hull FC full-back Jamie Sneyd on a new two-year deal.
Three people have been taken to hospital after being injured in a crash on the M8 in Dumfries and Galloway.
The Cuban government has condemned US President Donald Trump's new policy on relations with the communist-run island.
An outbreak of measles has been reported in south west Wales with cases in Swansea, Neath Port Talbot and Abertawe.
Rescue workers in Taiwan are searching for survivors after a passenger plane crashed into a river, killing all but one person on board.
Two new species of flower have been discovered in Mexico after being spotted on an online flora and fauna database.
A plan to improve the careers of nursery and childcare staff in Wales has been unveiled.
An astronaut has played the bagpipes on board the International Space Station for the first time.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez will have his moment in the spotlight despite the striker having played just one Premier League game this season.
Kirsty Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City reached the Continental Cup semi-finals with victory over Brondby in the first leg of their last-16 tie at Etihad Stadium.
A couple from Falkirk have become Scotland's biggest lottery winner after claiming a £35.1m win in the Euromillions draw.
It's been one of the worst days of the year for the people of Brussels, the capital of Belgium, after attacks in the city.
A former Soviet army officer has appeared in court in the US charged in connection with an alleged plot to attack US forces in Afghanistan.
Perth City Hall could be turned into a food market in the next stage of a long-running dispute over its future.
Northern Ireland have reached the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time in the competition's history, but how would you feel if you were in Scotland's position?
The government has announced a new scheme to offer free badger TB vaccinations in areas of England where the disease is currently endemic.
Urinary catheters are the "lowest-quality medical devices in the world", according to a leading expert.
Watford striker Isaac Success has been left out of Nigeria's 23-man squad for Sunday's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon after suffering a hamstring injury.
Cuba's state-owned cosmetics company, Labiofam, has apologised to the Cuban government for using the names of Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez in its new colognes.
A councillor who posted a racist and anti-Irish tweet on his Twitter account has resigned, the Judicial Office has said.
Cardiff University has been criticised for failing to deal with diversity issues raised in a report into the use of face paint as part of a student show.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world are visiting the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz-Birkenau in Poland as part of a trip to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the end of the Holocaust.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after a crash in Gwynedd.
Formula 1's strategy group has come up with some radical changes to the sport's cars and engines for 2017 - and it will be a very different-looking sport in two years' time.
The owner of a County Londonderry ice cream shop has said he is going to be closed for a while after thieves stole a car from outside the premises.
Police are investigating the murder of a 39-year-old man who was found stabbed to death in his Glasgow home.
The ejector seats on the jet that crashed into a motorway in East Sussex last year were still in use when the accident happened, investigators have said.
Narendra Modi's appearance at the United Nations World Yoga Day event in Delhi has been met with a mixture of praise and criticism.
An exhibition of childhood memories from the National Museums of Liverpool has gone on show.
The University of Manchester has been awarded £1.5m to help fund a new cancer research centre.
Simon Hawkins of Great Britain finished third as Kenya's Geoffrey Korir won the Glasgow Anniversary Games 10,000m for the second year in a row.
A large fire has broken out at a listed Georgian mansion house in the Highlands.
Wolves midfielder Bjorn Bodvarsson says new head coach Paul Lambert has brought a "clear message" to his players about what their job is on the field.
Demolition work has begun on the former Ballymena Colliery factory in Foyle, County Londonderry.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was stabbed to death before stealing items from his home.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits after being hit by a switch over to a new operating system and a "challenging" start to the football season.
A reunion is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of the closure of the town's former airport.
Two men have been rescued after their boat crashed into a wind turbine off the Cumbrian coast.
A four-year-old boy has been reunited with the toy lion he lost at a stately home after it was returned to him in a care package.
The idea that British soldiers spent most of their time in "trench warfare" is "just not correct", researchers have said.
The British Deaf Association has made a plea for Northern Ireland politicians to campaign in sign language.
Scientists are attempting to map out how the developing brain is connected to other parts of the body by scanning the brains of newborn babies.
Wayne Rooney should not retire from international football, says former England captain Frank Lampard.
A man has said his wife and son are lucky to be alive after the car they were in crashed into a shop in County Tyrone.
European leaders are looking forward to David Cameron's visit to Berlin this week.
The family of a woman who was found stabbed to death in a street have paid tribute to a "devastated" mother-of-two.
The Bolivian government has signed into law a new labour law that allows 12-year-olds to work for the first time.
Demolition of a former community hospital in Denbighshire has been delayed due to concerns over seagulls.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Thursday, with mining shares leading the way after the US Federal Reserve held interest rates at a record low.
Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to chair a review of student support funding in Scotland.
SeaWorld in San Diego, California, has been given the go-ahead to expand its orca park.
On a day of late winners in the Championship and League One, Bury ended a run of three straight defeats and Barnsley ended a five-game losing streak.
Derbyshire have released all three of their current first-team players, Chris Milnes, Matt McKay and Matt Lewis, by mutual consent.
The number of UK home buyers has slowed down for the first time in three months, according to a survey of more than 10,000 chartered surveyors.
The Welsh Conservative group leader of the Welsh Conservatives has been accused of lying on Twitter after a debate on the M4 relief road.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Sunday has been named by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) as the first British combat casualty of the war in the country.
Twitter is planning to make it easier for you to see what's going on in your timeline at any time of day.
Liverpool reached the semi-finals of the Europa League for the first time in the competition's history as they came from 3-0 down at half-time to beat Borussia Dortmund in a thrilling game at Anfield.
Three bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the theme tune for next year's James Bond film Spectre after a punter placed a £15,000 (Â£10,000) wager on the band.
Northern Ireland's Justice Minister Frances Fitzgerald has said she will take legal action against the County Antrim and Londonderry Borough Council's planning commissioner.
Two of Southampton's largest industrial estates have been sold to a shipping company.
Russian sprinter Yuliya Chernova should be banned for the whole of her career after being found guilty of using anabolic steroids, says ex-Olympic 1500m champion Elena Minichiello.
Gloucester Cathedral is to launch a search for girls and boys aged between seven and 12 to sing in its choir.
Great Britain's women lost 3-2 to North Korea in overtime in their Olympic bronze medal match in Sochi.
Haiti is still recovering from the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew, but the devastation is beginning to take its toll.
Skyscanner, the Edinburgh-based travel website, has reported another year of "strong growth" in revenues and bookings.
The West Midlands' first all-new car factory in more than a decade has opened its doors for the first time.
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a teenager in Warwickshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why the United Nations is so important to Africa.
Sterling fell as much as 2% against the dollar on the day of the EU referendum result on 23 June, according to the Bank of England.
The owner of a whisky distillery in the Scottish Borders has announced plans to expand the business and launch a new product.
BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show is to move to Friday evenings and CBBC will launch a new show in May, it has been announced.
More than 100,000 people a year are dying from animal tuberculosis in the developing world, according to a new report.
Andy Murray will continue to be the "dominant force" in world tennis after becoming the world number one for the first time, says Tim Henman.
John Higgins won his first title of the season with a 10-6 victory over Stuart Bingham in the final of the China Championship.
More than half of the world's children are sleep deprived, according to a new study.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has marked his first day in the job by riding his new horse through Washington DC.
Charlton Athletic have launched an investigation into an allegation of historical sexual abuse by a scout at the club in the 1980s.
Plans to build hundreds of new homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff will be considered by councillors next month.
Manchester United striker Papiss Cisse could face a two-match ban for spitting at Newcastle defender Jonny Evans.
A 17-year-old boy who died after being attacked by a group of teenagers at a house party in south-east London suffered a head injury, police have said.
Cardiff City midfielder Ryan Hoilett says it was a "no-brainer" to join manager Neil Warnock's side.
The RMT union has accused ScotRail of "dragging its heels" over efforts to improve the safety of Scotland's railways.
Ireland women's long-serving one-day captain Heather Shillington has retired from international cricket after her side lost to South Africa in their final match before the Women's World Cup.
West Ham boss Slaven Bilic has been accused of "disgraceful" and "arrogant" criticism of Premier League referee Mike Dean.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has dropped more than 1,000 child sex abuse cases a day in England and Wales in the last year, new figures show.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game this season's FA Cup.
Four out of Wales' seven health boards are facing a combined deficit of more than £150m, according to new figures.
Olympic bronze medallist Max MacKenzie has returned to South Africa to train with his family after turning down the chance to compete for Team GB at this summer's Rio Games.
A woman has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in a street.
(Close): Wall Street markets rose on Friday after strong jobs figures showed the US economy continued to grow last month, helped by consumer spending.
A British man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq has gone on trial accused of making bombs for use in the conflict.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he expects Raheem Sterling to sign a new two-year contract at the end of the season.
It could be one of the hottest days of the year, but could it be caused by something called a 'Spanish plume'?
A minimum price for alcohol should be introduced in England to reduce the health inequalities caused by alcohol consumption, according to a new report by Public Health England.
Jon Stewart, the host of the US satirical news programme The Daily Show, has hosted his final edition of the show.
The Scottish government has made the majority of payments due to farmers and crofters, the agriculture secretary has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been suspended or banned from the profession after being found guilty of misconduct in the workplace, figures have shown.
Nintendo has defended its new Switch console after thousands of customers reported seeing dead pixels on their new games consoles.
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz for the WBA super-bantamweight title for the first time in New York on 29 March.
Restrictions on the use of a bus lane in Preston city centre will remain in place until the end of the year, the county council has announced.
Sean Ervine made a career-best 109 not out for Hampshire against Somerset at Taunton as Division Two leaders Somerset were made to toil on day one of their County Championship match.
Photographer Celine Stella has been working as a nanny in Saudi Arabia, and while she was there, she discovered the country's love of neon.
More than 14 million people are being tricked into installing malicious web browser add-ons every day, according to research.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has no desire to reignite the debate over whether the country should become a republic.
Jonjo Shelvey scored his first goal for Newcastle as Steve McClaren's first game in charge of the Magpies ended in victory over West Ham.
What do you give up at the end of an Olympic Games?
As the general election campaign enters its final few days, it is easy to begin to make sense of what is going on.
A film about the life of a Tibetan Buddhist monk has had its Scottish premiere in Dumfries and Galloway.
An extra £1bn will be made available to help the elderly and disabled in England, the chancellor has announced in the Budget.
A teenager accused of killing a mother-of-two by knocking her off his bike and posting a comment on an online forum saying she "did not deserve it", a court has heard.
An inquest into the deaths of two men who died in a flat fire started in a tumble dryer, an inquest has heard.
The US Navy has ordered all of its personnel living on the Japanese island of Okinawa to be banned from drinking alcohol, after a US sailor was arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving.
John Bercow may have been re-elected as Commons Speaker for a second term, but he's also about to find out if he's still in the job.
YouTube has changed the maximum view limit on its most-watched video, after it was watched more than nine quintillion times in less than a week.
Ben Ah Van scored a hat-trick of tries as Widnes Vikings beat Castleford Tigers to move off the foot of the Super League table.
A Ukrainian woman has given birth to a baby girl with DNA from three people - her husband, his partner and a third woman.
A Cumbria hospital trust has been put into special measures after inspectors found a "long history of concern" with the quality of care.
Gareth O'Brien's dramatic last-minute drop-goal saw Salford come from behind to beat Hull KR and secure their place in next season's Million Pound Game.
When 12-year-old Chilla is sitting in class at Kharisma Bangsa school in the Indonesian city of Medan, her head teacher tells her it's time to start studying for her exams.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries in a street in Dublin.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to League One for the first time in 37 years as they were beaten by 10-man Brentford.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to eat vegetables than fruit, according to a survey by the School Food Trust.
A man has died after the light aircraft he was flying in crashed in Stoke-on-Trent.
A ship's captain who was found to be more than twice the legal alcohol limit while on duty at Belfast Harbour has been fined.
Mexico's central bank governor, Agustin Carstens, has been confirmed as the next managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
A chronology of key events in the UK's relationship with Iran:
Cambridge held promotion-chasing Stevenage to a goalless League Two draw at the Kassam Stadium.
Star Wars actor Warwick Davis has had his caravan stolen, even though it was "locked up with hitch and wheel lock".
US President Barack Obama is to speak at a charity dinner at the Edinburgh International Trade Centre (EICC) next month.
Belgium's ban on the wearing of full-face veils in public has been upheld by the European Court of Human Rights.
A man accused of waving a "threatening and offensive" banner during the Scottish Cup semi-final between Celtic and Rangers has appeared in court.
Footage has emerged of a woman hitting a man in the head with a packet of bacon in a supermarket car park in Manchester.
On a trip to the Bolivian city of La Paz with her mother, Maria Cappa, she stumbled across a black ball on the side of the road and picked it up.
The statement from the US Federal Reserve's decision to raise interest rates from the record low of 0.25% to 0.5%.
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has survived a vote of no confidence in his ability to stand in the general election.
How do you change the way you do things at home?
Popular mobile game Flappy Bird has gone viral after going viral on social media.
Thousands of plastic bags have been placed in the middle of Brighton seafront to highlight the plight of migrants trying to reach Europe from the UK.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train young Caribbean hospitality staff to help the Queen when she visits the UK.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the Shanghai Masters with a straight-set win over Canada's Milos Raonic.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius was on his stumps when he struck the toilet door with a cricket bat, a forensics expert has told his murder trial.
As the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two is marked, we take a look back at some of the things you might have forgotten about the war.
